Hello everyone and welcome to the Hello everyone and welcome to the Hello everyone and welcome to the agentic AI full course. In this course, agentic AI full course. In this course, agentic AI full course. In this course, we will explore how artificial we will explore how artificial we will explore how artificial intelligence is moving beyond intelligence is moving beyond intelligence is moving beyond traditional tools and assistants into traditional tools and assistants into traditional tools and assistants into powerful autonomous agents capable of powerful autonomous agents capable of powerful autonomous agents capable of reasoning, planning, and executing task reasoning, planning, and executing task reasoning, planning, and executing task on their own. Agentic AI is not just on their own. Agentic AI is not just on their own. Agentic AI is not just about automation. It's about creating about automation. It's about creating about automation. It's about creating systems that can adapt, collaborate, and systems that can adapt, collaborate, and systems that can adapt, collaborate, and even work alongside humans to solve even work alongside humans to solve even work alongside humans to solve complex real world problems. From complex real world problems. From complex real world problems. From business operations to creative business operations to creative business operations to creative industries, its impact is growing industries, its impact is growing industries, its impact is growing rapidly. So by the end of this course, rapidly. So by the end of this course, rapidly. So by the end of this course, you will have the knowledge and you will have the knowledge and you will have the knowledge and practical understanding to see where practical understanding to see where practical understanding to see where agentic AI fits into the bigger AI agentic AI fits into the bigger AI agentic AI fits into the bigger AI revolution and how you can start revolution and how you can start revolution and how you can start applying it to shape the future. So applying it to shape the future. So applying it to shape the future. So before we begin, please like, share and before we begin, please like, share and before we begin, please like, share and subscribe to Idureka's YouTube channel subscribe to Idureka's YouTube channel subscribe to Idureka's YouTube channel and hit the bell icon to stay updated on and hit the bell icon to stay updated on and hit the bell icon to stay updated on the latest tech content from Idureka. the latest tech content from Idureka. the latest tech content from Idureka. Also do check out Idureka's Agentic AI Also do check out Idureka's Agentic AI Also do check out Idureka's Agentic AI certification training. It is carefully certification training. It is carefully certification training. It is carefully crafted to meet industry demands and crafted to meet industry demands and crafted to meet industry demands and prepare you for the future of prepare you for the future of prepare you for the future of intelligent agents. You will gain intelligent agents. You will gain intelligent agents. You will gain practical skills in lang chain, rag, practical skills in lang chain, rag, practical skills in lang chain, rag, LLM, ops and more through live LLM, ops and more through live LLM, ops and more through live instructorled sessions and hands-on instructorled sessions and hands-on instructorled sessions and hands-on labs. Whether you're a beginner or a labs. Whether you're a beginner or a labs. Whether you're a beginner or a tech professional, this course helps you tech professional, this course helps you tech professional, this course helps you master the concepts and accelerate your master the concepts and accelerate your master the concepts and accelerate your AI career. So do check out the course AI career. So do check out the course AI career. So do check out the course link given in the description box below. link given in the description box below. link given in the description box below. Now let's get started with our first Now let's get started with our first Now let's get started with our first topic that is what is agentic AI? topic that is what is agentic AI? topic that is what is agentic AI? Agentic AI is transforming industries by Agentic AI is transforming industries by Agentic AI is transforming industries by allowing machines to learn, adapt, and allowing machines to learn, adapt, and allowing machines to learn, adapt, and evolve independently. Similar to live evolve independently. Similar to live evolve independently. Similar to live organisms. organisms. organisms. Unlike traditional AI, this intelligent Unlike traditional AI, this intelligent Unlike traditional AI, this intelligent agents investigate, optimize, and agents investigate, optimize, and agents investigate, optimize, and develop solutions over time without develop solutions over time without develop solutions over time without requiring direct human participation. requiring direct human participation. requiring direct human participation. Recent advancements include OpenAI's Recent advancements include OpenAI's Recent advancements include OpenAI's deep research, which automatically deep research, which automatically deep research, which automatically analyzes massive amounts of data to analyzes massive amounts of data to analyzes massive amounts of data to provide detailed reports, and Google's provide detailed reports, and Google's provide detailed reports, and Google's Gemini 2.0, O which improves AI's Gemini 2.0, O which improves AI's Gemini 2.0, O which improves AI's capacity to plan and reason across capacity to plan and reason across capacity to plan and reason across different data types. Service Now's AI different data types. Service Now's AI different data types. Service Now's AI agent orchestrator is transforming agent orchestrator is transforming agent orchestrator is transforming enterprise automation by coordinating enterprise automation by coordinating enterprise automation by coordinating many AI agents to address difficult many AI agents to address difficult many AI agents to address difficult business concerns. As these systems business concerns. As these systems business concerns. As these systems become more powerful, they have the become more powerful, they have the become more powerful, they have the potential to unlock ideas beyond the potential to unlock ideas beyond the potential to unlock ideas beyond the human imagination ranging from wind human imagination ranging from wind human imagination ranging from wind turbine blade design to AIdriven company turbine blade design to AIdriven company turbine blade design to AIdriven company management. Let's start with our first management. Let's start with our first management. Let's start with our first topic. What is agentic AI? Agentic AI topic. What is agentic AI? Agentic AI topic. What is agentic AI? Agentic AI denotes artificial intelligence systems denotes artificial intelligence systems denotes artificial intelligence systems capable of autonomously executing capable of autonomously executing capable of autonomously executing actions to attain designated objectives actions to attain designated objectives actions to attain designated objectives unlike reactive AI which only responds unlike reactive AI which only responds unlike reactive AI which only responds to the inputs. Agentic AI is proactive to the inputs. Agentic AI is proactive to the inputs. Agentic AI is proactive capable of planning, adapting and making capable of planning, adapting and making capable of planning, adapting and making decisions autonomously. So let's explore decisions autonomously. So let's explore decisions autonomously. So let's explore deep into agentic AI and see its deep into agentic AI and see its deep into agentic AI and see its capabilities. Agentic AI is a type of capabilities. Agentic AI is a type of capabilities. Agentic AI is a type of artificial intelligence that exhibits artificial intelligence that exhibits artificial intelligence that exhibits autonomous behavior, enabling it to take autonomous behavior, enabling it to take autonomous behavior, enabling it to take actions and operate without continuous actions and operate without continuous actions and operate without continuous human guidance. It is goal-driven, human guidance. It is goal-driven, human guidance. It is goal-driven, actively working towards achieving actively working towards achieving actively working towards achieving specific objectives rather than specific objectives rather than specific objectives rather than passively responding to inputs like passively responding to inputs like passively responding to inputs like reactive AI. And with advanced reactive AI. And with advanced reactive AI. And with advanced decision-making capabilities, it can decision-making capabilities, it can decision-making capabilities, it can evaluate multiple options, select the evaluate multiple options, select the evaluate multiple options, select the optimal course of action based on optimal course of action based on optimal course of action based on current conditions and acquired current conditions and acquired current conditions and acquired knowledge, and adapt its strategies knowledge, and adapt its strategies knowledge, and adapt its strategies dynamically in response to unforeseen dynamically in response to unforeseen dynamically in response to unforeseen changes in its environment. Moreover, changes in its environment. Moreover, changes in its environment. Moreover, agentic AI demonstrates proactiveness by agentic AI demonstrates proactiveness by agentic AI demonstrates proactiveness by taking the initiative to act rather than taking the initiative to act rather than taking the initiative to act rather than waiting for external triggers making it waiting for external triggers making it waiting for external triggers making it highly effective in dynamic and complex highly effective in dynamic and complex highly effective in dynamic and complex scenarios. Now, let us see its relevance scenarios. Now, let us see its relevance scenarios. Now, let us see its relevance in the current AI market. When AI in the current AI market. When AI in the current AI market. When AI systems can act autonomously to systems can act autonomously to systems can act autonomously to accomplish predefined objectives, we accomplish predefined objectives, we accomplish predefined objectives, we call that agentic AI, making it highly call that agentic AI, making it highly call that agentic AI, making it highly relevant in the current AI market. Its relevant in the current AI market. Its relevant in the current AI market. Its autonomy allows it to operate without autonomy allows it to operate without autonomy allows it to operate without continuous human guidance, making continuous human guidance, making continuous human guidance, making decisions and adapting dynamically to decisions and adapting dynamically to decisions and adapting dynamically to achieve objectives. This capability is achieve objectives. This capability is achieve objectives. This capability is complemented by its advanced problem complemented by its advanced problem complemented by its advanced problem solving skills, enabling it to evaluate solving skills, enabling it to evaluate solving skills, enabling it to evaluate complex situations, strategize and complex situations, strategize and complex situations, strategize and respond effectively to challenges. respond effectively to challenges. respond effectively to challenges. However, the growing adoption of agentic However, the growing adoption of agentic However, the growing adoption of agentic AI also rises important ethical AI also rises important ethical AI also rises important ethical considerations such as ensuring considerations such as ensuring considerations such as ensuring responsible behavior, minimizing responsible behavior, minimizing responsible behavior, minimizing unintended consequences and maintaining unintended consequences and maintaining unintended consequences and maintaining transparency in its decision-m transparency in its decision-m transparency in its decision-m processes. Now that you know about processes. Now that you know about processes. Now that you know about agentic AI, so let us discuss how it agentic AI, so let us discuss how it agentic AI, so let us discuss how it differ from other AI systems. Agentic AI differ from other AI systems. Agentic AI differ from other AI systems. Agentic AI differs significantly from other AI differs significantly from other AI differs significantly from other AI systems in its autonomy, decision making systems in its autonomy, decision making systems in its autonomy, decision making and adaptability to achieve long-term and adaptability to achieve long-term and adaptability to achieve long-term goals. Unlike reactive AI which performs goals. Unlike reactive AI which performs goals. Unlike reactive AI which performs predefined task only when prompted such predefined task only when prompted such predefined task only when prompted such as spam filters or image classifiers, as spam filters or image classifiers, as spam filters or image classifiers, agentic AI takes the initiative and agentic AI takes the initiative and agentic AI takes the initiative and operates independently. It also contrast operates independently. It also contrast operates independently. It also contrast with the generative AI which focuses on with the generative AI which focuses on with the generative AI which focuses on creating content like chat GPT creating content like chat GPT creating content like chat GPT generating text but it is not generating text but it is not generating text but it is not goal-driven by combining autonomous goal-driven by combining autonomous goal-driven by combining autonomous behavior, strategic decision making and behavior, strategic decision making and behavior, strategic decision making and the ability to adapt dynamically. the ability to adapt dynamically. the ability to adapt dynamically. Agentic AI stands out as a powerful Agentic AI stands out as a powerful Agentic AI stands out as a powerful system designed to achieve specific system designed to achieve specific system designed to achieve specific objectives in evolving environments. Now objectives in evolving environments. Now objectives in evolving environments. Now since we know a bit of differences, let since we know a bit of differences, let since we know a bit of differences, let us see the comparison between generative us see the comparison between generative us see the comparison between generative AI and agentic AI. Generative AI and AI and agentic AI. Generative AI and AI and agentic AI. Generative AI and agentic AI differ in several key aspects agentic AI differ in several key aspects agentic AI differ in several key aspects that define their functionality and that define their functionality and that define their functionality and applications. Generative AI is primarily applications. Generative AI is primarily applications. Generative AI is primarily focused on creation, excelling in output focused on creation, excelling in output focused on creation, excelling in output focused tasks such as generating text, focused tasks such as generating text, focused tasks such as generating text, images or other form of content. Its images or other form of content. Its images or other form of content. Its adaptability is limited as it relies adaptability is limited as it relies adaptability is limited as it relies heavily on prompts for guidance and heavily on prompts for guidance and heavily on prompts for guidance and lacks the ability to operate lacks the ability to operate lacks the ability to operate independently. In contrast, agentic AI independently. In contrast, agentic AI independently. In contrast, agentic AI emphasizes autonomy, making it emphasizes autonomy, making it emphasizes autonomy, making it goal-driven and capable of dynamically goal-driven and capable of dynamically goal-driven and capable of dynamically adapting to changing environments. adapting to changing environments. adapting to changing environments. Unlike the prompt dependent nature of Unlike the prompt dependent nature of Unlike the prompt dependent nature of generative AI, agentic AI is generative AI, agentic AI is generative AI, agentic AI is self-directed, enabling it to take the self-directed, enabling it to take the self-directed, enabling it to take the initiative and execute strategic task initiative and execute strategic task initiative and execute strategic task effectively. These differences highlight effectively. These differences highlight effectively. These differences highlight the complimentary roles of both AI types the complimentary roles of both AI types the complimentary roles of both AI types in addressing distinct challenges. Now in addressing distinct challenges. Now in addressing distinct challenges. Now let us see the impact of agentic AI on let us see the impact of agentic AI on let us see the impact of agentic AI on various industries. Agentic AI has had a various industries. Agentic AI has had a various industries. Agentic AI has had a profound impact across various profound impact across various profound impact across various industries transforming operations and industries transforming operations and industries transforming operations and solving long-standing challenges. solving long-standing challenges. solving long-standing challenges. Autonomous logistics systems such as Autonomous logistics systems such as Autonomous logistics systems such as those in Amazon warehouses has those in Amazon warehouses has those in Amazon warehouses has significantly improved operational significantly improved operational significantly improved operational efficiency by 30 to 40%. In healthcare, efficiency by 30 to 40%. In healthcare, efficiency by 30 to 40%. In healthcare, AI enabled surgical robots like the AI enabled surgical robots like the AI enabled surgical robots like the Davinci system have performed over 10 Davinci system have performed over 10 Davinci system have performed over 10 million less invasive procedures million less invasive procedures million less invasive procedures worldwide, enhancing precision and worldwide, enhancing precision and worldwide, enhancing precision and patient outcomes. Scientific patient outcomes. Scientific patient outcomes. Scientific advancements have also been transformed advancements have also been transformed advancements have also been transformed by systems like Deep Minds Alpha Fold, by systems like Deep Minds Alpha Fold, by systems like Deep Minds Alpha Fold, which successfully solved the decades which successfully solved the decades which successfully solved the decades old protein folding problem. On a global old protein folding problem. On a global old protein folding problem. On a global scale, the World Economic Forum predicts scale, the World Economic Forum predicts scale, the World Economic Forum predicts that by 2025, AI will displace 85 that by 2025, AI will displace 85 that by 2025, AI will displace 85 million jobs while creating 97 million million jobs while creating 97 million million jobs while creating 97 million new ones, reshaping the labor market. new ones, reshaping the labor market. new ones, reshaping the labor market. And in the energy sector, AI powered And in the energy sector, AI powered And in the energy sector, AI powered smart grids can reduce electricity waste smart grids can reduce electricity waste smart grids can reduce electricity waste by up to 10%. Promoting greener energy by up to 10%. Promoting greener energy by up to 10%. Promoting greener energy solutions. Additionally, over 90 solutions. Additionally, over 90 solutions. Additionally, over 90 countries are investing in AI enabled countries are investing in AI enabled countries are investing in AI enabled military technology to modernize their military technology to modernize their military technology to modernize their defense systems, showcasing the defense systems, showcasing the defense systems, showcasing the strategic importance of agentic AI in strategic importance of agentic AI in strategic importance of agentic AI in global security. Now, let us see the global security. Now, let us see the global security. Now, let us see the applications of agentic AI. Agentic AI applications of agentic AI. Agentic AI applications of agentic AI. Agentic AI is transforming various industries by is transforming various industries by is transforming various industries by enabling systems to make autonomous enabling systems to make autonomous enabling systems to make autonomous decisions, adapt to changing decisions, adapt to changing decisions, adapt to changing environments, and achieve specific environments, and achieve specific environments, and achieve specific goals. Autonomous vehicle powers goals. Autonomous vehicle powers goals. Autonomous vehicle powers self-driving cars and drones to navigate self-driving cars and drones to navigate self-driving cars and drones to navigate roads, avoid obstacles, and make roads, avoid obstacles, and make roads, avoid obstacles, and make realtime decisions as seen with Tesla realtime decisions as seen with Tesla realtime decisions as seen with Tesla autopilot and autonomous delivery autopilot and autonomous delivery autopilot and autonomous delivery drones. In robotics, agentic AI allows drones. In robotics, agentic AI allows drones. In robotics, agentic AI allows industries, healthcare, and exploration industries, healthcare, and exploration industries, healthcare, and exploration robots to perform complex task robots to perform complex task robots to perform complex task independently as demonstrated by Boston independently as demonstrated by Boston independently as demonstrated by Boston Dynamics robots used in logistics and Dynamics robots used in logistics and Dynamics robots used in logistics and rescue operations. Personalized virtual rescue operations. Personalized virtual rescue operations. Personalized virtual assistants like Google Assistant and assistants like Google Assistant and assistants like Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa leverage agentic AI to Amazon Alexa leverage agentic AI to Amazon Alexa leverage agentic AI to predict user needs, manage schedules, predict user needs, manage schedules, predict user needs, manage schedules, and execute task without direct and execute task without direct and execute task without direct commands. And in gaming, adaptive AI commands. And in gaming, adaptive AI commands. And in gaming, adaptive AI agents enhance the experience by agents enhance the experience by agents enhance the experience by creating challenging humanlike opponents creating challenging humanlike opponents creating challenging humanlike opponents such as Alph Go and AI boards into such as Alph Go and AI boards into such as Alph Go and AI boards into realtime strategy games. In healthcare, realtime strategy games. In healthcare, realtime strategy games. In healthcare, Agentic AI supports personalized Agentic AI supports personalized Agentic AI supports personalized treatments, accurate diagnostics, and treatments, accurate diagnostics, and treatments, accurate diagnostics, and surgical assistance with examples surgical assistance with examples surgical assistance with examples including AIdriven surgical robots and including AIdriven surgical robots and including AIdriven surgical robots and systems for remote patient monitoring. systems for remote patient monitoring. systems for remote patient monitoring. These applications demonstrate the These applications demonstrate the These applications demonstrate the transformative potential of agentic AI transformative potential of agentic AI transformative potential of agentic AI across diverse domains. Agentic AI is across diverse domains. Agentic AI is across diverse domains. Agentic AI is making a significant impact across making a significant impact across making a significant impact across various industries by enabling autonomy, various industries by enabling autonomy, various industries by enabling autonomy, adaptability, and efficiency in diverse adaptability, and efficiency in diverse adaptability, and efficiency in diverse applications. In finance, it powers applications. In finance, it powers applications. In finance, it powers algorithmic trading systems and fraud algorithmic trading systems and fraud algorithmic trading systems and fraud detection tools, optimizing financial detection tools, optimizing financial detection tools, optimizing financial operations such as managing investment operations such as managing investment operations such as managing investment portfolios and identifying fraudulent portfolios and identifying fraudulent portfolios and identifying fraudulent activities. In smart cities, AI systems activities. In smart cities, AI systems activities. In smart cities, AI systems manage energy consumptions, optimize manage energy consumptions, optimize manage energy consumptions, optimize traffic flow, and enhance public safety traffic flow, and enhance public safety traffic flow, and enhance public safety with examples like smart traffic lights with examples like smart traffic lights with examples like smart traffic lights adapting in real time and autonomous adapting in real time and autonomous adapting in real time and autonomous energy grid optimization. In space energy grid optimization. In space energy grid optimization. In space exploration, autonomous spacecraft and exploration, autonomous spacecraft and exploration, autonomous spacecraft and planetary rovers such as NASA's Mars planetary rovers such as NASA's Mars planetary rovers such as NASA's Mars rovers perform exploration task rovers perform exploration task rovers perform exploration task independently. In education, AI powered independently. In education, AI powered independently. In education, AI powered tutors like Carnegie Learning provide tutors like Carnegie Learning provide tutors like Carnegie Learning provide personalized instruction by adapting to personalized instruction by adapting to personalized instruction by adapting to individual learning styles. In military individual learning styles. In military individual learning styles. In military and defense, autonomous drones and and defense, autonomous drones and and defense, autonomous drones and surveillance system improves situational surveillance system improves situational surveillance system improves situational awareness and decision making such as awareness and decision making such as awareness and decision making such as AIdriven surveillance drones in defense AIdriven surveillance drones in defense AIdriven surveillance drones in defense applications. Now let us see the applications. Now let us see the applications. Now let us see the challenges and risk associated with challenges and risk associated with challenges and risk associated with agentic AI. While agentic AI offers agentic AI. While agentic AI offers agentic AI. While agentic AI offers tremendous potential, it also faces tremendous potential, it also faces tremendous potential, it also faces several challenges and risk that must be several challenges and risk that must be several challenges and risk that must be addressed to ensure its safety and addressed to ensure its safety and addressed to ensure its safety and ethical deployment. So one key concern ethical deployment. So one key concern ethical deployment. So one key concern is misalignment with human goals where is misalignment with human goals where is misalignment with human goals where AI system may pursue objectives that AI system may pursue objectives that AI system may pursue objectives that conflict with human intentions due to conflict with human intentions due to conflict with human intentions due to poorly defined parameters or intended poorly defined parameters or intended poorly defined parameters or intended unintended consequences such as unintended consequences such as unintended consequences such as autonomous robot prioritizing efficiency autonomous robot prioritizing efficiency autonomous robot prioritizing efficiency over safety. Ethical questions arise over safety. Ethical questions arise over safety. Ethical questions arise regarding accountability and decision-m regarding accountability and decision-m regarding accountability and decision-m demonstrated by the challenge of demonstrated by the challenge of demonstrated by the challenge of determining who is responsible when an determining who is responsible when an determining who is responsible when an autonomous vehicle causes an accident. autonomous vehicle causes an accident. autonomous vehicle causes an accident. The complexity of decision-m in agentic The complexity of decision-m in agentic The complexity of decision-m in agentic AI can also lead to a lack of AI can also lead to a lack of AI can also lead to a lack of transparency making it difficult to transparency making it difficult to transparency making it difficult to understand or explain its actions understand or explain its actions understand or explain its actions particularly in sensitive fields like particularly in sensitive fields like particularly in sensitive fields like healthcare or finance. Ensuring safety healthcare or finance. Ensuring safety healthcare or finance. Ensuring safety and reliability is another challenge as and reliability is another challenge as and reliability is another challenge as AI systems must operate effectively in AI systems must operate effectively in AI systems must operate effectively in unpredictable environments such as unpredictable environments such as unpredictable environments such as autonomous drones encountering extreme autonomous drones encountering extreme autonomous drones encountering extreme weather or medical failures. weather or medical failures. weather or medical failures. Additionally, agentic AI systems often Additionally, agentic AI systems often Additionally, agentic AI systems often require substantial computational require substantial computational require substantial computational resources making their deployment costly resources making their deployment costly resources making their deployment costly as seen in advanced robotics and as seen in advanced robotics and as seen in advanced robotics and self-driving cars. Security self-driving cars. Security self-driving cars. Security vulnerabilities pose further risk as vulnerabilities pose further risk as vulnerabilities pose further risk as autonomous systems could be targeted by autonomous systems could be targeted by autonomous systems could be targeted by cyber attacks potentially leading to cyber attacks potentially leading to cyber attacks potentially leading to harmful consequences like the harmful consequences like the harmful consequences like the manipulation of autonomous vehicles. manipulation of autonomous vehicles. manipulation of autonomous vehicles. Lastly, overdependence on AI may reduce Lastly, overdependence on AI may reduce Lastly, overdependence on AI may reduce human oversight or lead to skill human oversight or lead to skill human oversight or lead to skill degradation in critical areas such as degradation in critical areas such as degradation in critical areas such as relying too heavily on autonomous relying too heavily on autonomous relying too heavily on autonomous systems for medical diagnosis without systems for medical diagnosis without systems for medical diagnosis without human validation. These challenges human validation. These challenges human validation. These challenges highlight the need for robust design, highlight the need for robust design, highlight the need for robust design, rigorous testing and ethical frameworks rigorous testing and ethical frameworks rigorous testing and ethical frameworks to mitigate risk and maximize the to mitigate risk and maximize the to mitigate risk and maximize the benefits of agentic AI. Now let's see benefits of agentic AI. Now let's see benefits of agentic AI. Now let's see the future of agentic AI. The future of the future of agentic AI. The future of the future of agentic AI. The future of agentic AI is set to be transformative agentic AI is set to be transformative agentic AI is set to be transformative with advancements across various domains with advancements across various domains with advancements across various domains influencing its deployment. Future influencing its deployment. Future influencing its deployment. Future systems will exhibit increased autonomy systems will exhibit increased autonomy systems will exhibit increased autonomy and adaptability, enabling them to make and adaptability, enabling them to make and adaptability, enabling them to make a complex decisions in real time and a complex decisions in real time and a complex decisions in real time and operate effectively in dynamic operate effectively in dynamic operate effectively in dynamic environments without human intervention. environments without human intervention. environments without human intervention. The integration of agentic AI with The integration of agentic AI with The integration of agentic AI with advanced technologies like quantum advanced technologies like quantum advanced technologies like quantum computing, IoT, the edge computing will computing, IoT, the edge computing will computing, IoT, the edge computing will further enhance its capabilities further enhance its capabilities further enhance its capabilities allowing for faster decision making and allowing for faster decision making and allowing for faster decision making and realtime processing at the edge. These realtime processing at the edge. These realtime processing at the edge. These systems will have the widespread systems will have the widespread systems will have the widespread applications in sectors such as applications in sectors such as applications in sectors such as healthcare where they will enable healthcare where they will enable healthcare where they will enable autonomous medical diagnostics, autonomous medical diagnostics, autonomous medical diagnostics, personalized treatment plants and personalized treatment plants and personalized treatment plants and robotic surgery. Climate action with robotic surgery. Climate action with robotic surgery. Climate action with advanced systems for environmental advanced systems for environmental advanced systems for environmental monitoring and response and space monitoring and response and space monitoring and response and space exploration where smart rovers and exploration where smart rovers and exploration where smart rovers and spacecraft will carry out missions on spacecraft will carry out missions on spacecraft will carry out missions on their own. As these technologies evolve, their own. As these technologies evolve, their own. As these technologies evolve, ethical concerns and accountability will ethical concerns and accountability will ethical concerns and accountability will need to be addressed. promoting the need to be addressed. promoting the need to be addressed. promoting the development of regulatory frameworks to development of regulatory frameworks to development of regulatory frameworks to ensure responsive AI usage. ensure responsive AI usage. ensure responsive AI usage. Additionally, agentic AI will foster Additionally, agentic AI will foster Additionally, agentic AI will foster human AI collaboration, enhancing human AI collaboration, enhancing human AI collaboration, enhancing productivity and creativity in the productivity and creativity in the productivity and creativity in the fields such as education, engineering, fields such as education, engineering, fields such as education, engineering, and research. Imagine asking Chad GP for a poem and it Imagine asking Chad GP for a poem and it Imagine asking Chad GP for a poem and it writes one instantly. Now think about an writes one instantly. Now think about an writes one instantly. Now think about an AI assistant planning your entire day, AI assistant planning your entire day, AI assistant planning your entire day, booking meetings, and even handling booking meetings, and even handling booking meetings, and even handling emails without your constant input. emails without your constant input. emails without your constant input. That's the difference between generative That's the difference between generative That's the difference between generative AI which creates content and agentic AI AI which creates content and agentic AI AI which creates content and agentic AI which acts with autonomy making which acts with autonomy making which acts with autonomy making decisions. In 2025, as AI becomes more decisions. In 2025, as AI becomes more decisions. In 2025, as AI becomes more than just a tool, understanding the than just a tool, understanding the than just a tool, understanding the shift is very critical. Are we heading shift is very critical. Are we heading shift is very critical. Are we heading towards just smarter chatbots or truly towards just smarter chatbots or truly towards just smarter chatbots or truly independent digital agents? Let's break independent digital agents? Let's break independent digital agents? Let's break it down through this video. To truly it down through this video. To truly it down through this video. To truly understand the ship, let's first break understand the ship, let's first break understand the ship, let's first break down what generative AI is. Generative down what generative AI is. Generative down what generative AI is. Generative AI is a type of artificial intelligence AI is a type of artificial intelligence AI is a type of artificial intelligence designed to create content, whether it's designed to create content, whether it's designed to create content, whether it's text, images, music, or even code. text, images, music, or even code. text, images, music, or even code. Instead of making decisions or even Instead of making decisions or even Instead of making decisions or even taking action on its own, it focuses on taking action on its own, it focuses on taking action on its own, it focuses on producing outputs based on the patterns producing outputs based on the patterns producing outputs based on the patterns it has learned from the vast amounts of it has learned from the vast amounts of it has learned from the vast amounts of data. At its core, generative AI models data. At its core, generative AI models data. At its core, generative AI models use deep learning techniques like use deep learning techniques like use deep learning techniques like transformers to generate new content transformers to generate new content transformers to generate new content that resembles human created work. For that resembles human created work. For that resembles human created work. For example, chat GPT generates humanlike example, chat GPT generates humanlike example, chat GPT generates humanlike text based on prompts. Midenny and Dali text based on prompts. Midenny and Dali text based on prompts. Midenny and Dali creates stunning images from simple text creates stunning images from simple text creates stunning images from simple text description and GitHub copilots helps description and GitHub copilots helps description and GitHub copilots helps developers suggesting code snippets in developers suggesting code snippets in developers suggesting code snippets in real time. Generative AI has several real time. Generative AI has several real time. Generative AI has several strengths. It enhances creativity and strengths. It enhances creativity and strengths. It enhances creativity and productivity allowing artists, writers productivity allowing artists, writers productivity allowing artists, writers and programmers to work faster and even and programmers to work faster and even and programmers to work faster and even more efficient. It scales effortlessly more efficient. It scales effortlessly more efficient. It scales effortlessly generating unlimited variation of generating unlimited variation of generating unlimited variation of content in just few seconds. It also content in just few seconds. It also content in just few seconds. It also adapts responses based on user input adapts responses based on user input adapts responses based on user input making interactions feel more making interactions feel more making interactions feel more personalized. But it also comes with few personalized. But it also comes with few personalized. But it also comes with few limitations. Generative AI lacks limitations. Generative AI lacks limitations. Generative AI lacks autonomy. It doesn't think or act on its autonomy. It doesn't think or act on its autonomy. It doesn't think or act on its own. It only responds when prompted. It own. It only responds when prompted. It own. It only responds when prompted. It has no real decision-m abilities and has no real decision-m abilities and has no real decision-m abilities and cannot evaluate consequences or make cannot evaluate consequences or make cannot evaluate consequences or make even independent choices. Additionally, even independent choices. Additionally, even independent choices. Additionally, it can generate biased or inaccurate it can generate biased or inaccurate it can generate biased or inaccurate content based on the data that it has content based on the data that it has content based on the data that it has seen. While generative AI is powerful seen. While generative AI is powerful seen. While generative AI is powerful for creating, it cannot act for creating, it cannot act for creating, it cannot act independently. And that's where agentic independently. And that's where agentic independently. And that's where agentic AI comes in. Let's explore what agentic AI comes in. Let's explore what agentic AI comes in. Let's explore what agentic AI is. Agentic AI goes beyond just AI is. Agentic AI goes beyond just AI is. Agentic AI goes beyond just generating content. It acts autonomously generating content. It acts autonomously generating content. It acts autonomously making decisions and executing tasks making decisions and executing tasks making decisions and executing tasks without the need of constant human without the need of constant human without the need of constant human input. Unlike generative AI which can input. Unlike generative AI which can input. Unlike generative AI which can only responds to prompts, agentic AI can only responds to prompts, agentic AI can only responds to prompts, agentic AI can plan, adapt and take initiatives based plan, adapt and take initiatives based plan, adapt and take initiatives based on goals rather than the specific on goals rather than the specific on goals rather than the specific instructions. At its core, agentic AI instructions. At its core, agentic AI instructions. At its core, agentic AI combines reasoning, memory, and decision combines reasoning, memory, and decision combines reasoning, memory, and decision making to operate more like an making to operate more like an making to operate more like an independent agent. It doesn't just independent agent. It doesn't just independent agent. It doesn't just create, it analyzes, strategize, and create, it analyzes, strategize, and create, it analyzes, strategize, and acts. Real world examples include acts. Real world examples include acts. Real world examples include autonomous robots which navigates and autonomous robots which navigates and autonomous robots which navigates and complete the task on their own. AIdriven complete the task on their own. AIdriven complete the task on their own. AIdriven personal assistant like those managing personal assistant like those managing personal assistant like those managing schedules, booking flights and handling schedules, booking flights and handling schedules, booking flights and handling emails without human oversight. Even emails without human oversight. Even emails without human oversight. Even self-driving cars which continuously self-driving cars which continuously self-driving cars which continuously assess their environment and make assess their environment and make assess their environment and make split-second driving decisions. Agent AI split-second driving decisions. Agent AI split-second driving decisions. Agent AI has its own strengths. It reduces the has its own strengths. It reduces the has its own strengths. It reduces the needs for manual intervention automating needs for manual intervention automating needs for manual intervention automating the complex workflows. It adapts to real the complex workflows. It adapts to real the complex workflows. It adapts to real world conditions, learning and improving world conditions, learning and improving world conditions, learning and improving over time. It can even handle multi-step over time. It can even handle multi-step over time. It can even handle multi-step tasks that require planning, execution, tasks that require planning, execution, tasks that require planning, execution, and adjustment. But it also has its own and adjustment. But it also has its own and adjustment. But it also has its own challenges. Developing truly autonomous challenges. Developing truly autonomous challenges. Developing truly autonomous AI requires significant advancements in AI requires significant advancements in AI requires significant advancements in reasoning and adaptability. There are reasoning and adaptability. There are reasoning and adaptability. There are certain risks including behaviors and certain risks including behaviors and certain risks including behaviors and ethical concerns around AI which makes ethical concerns around AI which makes ethical concerns around AI which makes independent decisions. And unlike independent decisions. And unlike independent decisions. And unlike generative AI which focuses on generative AI which focuses on generative AI which focuses on creativity, agentic AI is limited in how creativity, agentic AI is limited in how creativity, agentic AI is limited in how well it can generate novel content. So well it can generate novel content. So well it can generate novel content. So while generative AI creates and agentic while generative AI creates and agentic while generative AI creates and agentic AI acts, the real powers comes when AI acts, the real powers comes when AI acts, the real powers comes when these two work together. Let's see the these two work together. Let's see the these two work together. Let's see the key differences between generative AI key differences between generative AI key differences between generative AI and agentic AI. Generative AI and and agentic AI. Generative AI and and agentic AI. Generative AI and agentic AI serve different purposes, agentic AI serve different purposes, agentic AI serve different purposes, each with unique strengths and each with unique strengths and each with unique strengths and applications. The key distinction comes applications. The key distinction comes applications. The key distinction comes down to creativity versus decision down to creativity versus decision down to creativity versus decision making. As previously discussed, making. As previously discussed, making. As previously discussed, generative AI focuses on producing generative AI focuses on producing generative AI focuses on producing content, whether it's text, image, or content, whether it's text, image, or content, whether it's text, image, or code. It enhances creativity by code. It enhances creativity by code. It enhances creativity by assisting writers, designers, and assisting writers, designers, and assisting writers, designers, and developers, but it lacks true autonomy. developers, but it lacks true autonomy. developers, but it lacks true autonomy. It only works when prompted and doesn't It only works when prompted and doesn't It only works when prompted and doesn't make any decision on its own. Agentic make any decision on its own. Agentic make any decision on its own. Agentic AI, on the other hand, is designed for AI, on the other hand, is designed for AI, on the other hand, is designed for interactions and execution. Instead of interactions and execution. Instead of interactions and execution. Instead of just generating responses, it can just generating responses, it can just generating responses, it can analyze situations, make decisions, and analyze situations, make decisions, and analyze situations, make decisions, and take actions. While it may not create take actions. While it may not create take actions. While it may not create content like generative AI, it can content like generative AI, it can content like generative AI, it can manage workflows, automate task and manage workflows, automate task and manage workflows, automate task and adapt to real world conditions. Another adapt to real world conditions. Another adapt to real world conditions. Another key difference is user dependency. key difference is user dependency. key difference is user dependency. Generative AI is entirely reactive, Generative AI is entirely reactive, Generative AI is entirely reactive, meaning it requires human input to meaning it requires human input to meaning it requires human input to function. It waits for prompts before function. It waits for prompts before function. It waits for prompts before generating anything. In contrast, generating anything. In contrast, generating anything. In contrast, agentic AI is proactive. It can initiate agentic AI is proactive. It can initiate agentic AI is proactive. It can initiate actions independently, setting actions independently, setting actions independently, setting reminders, optimizing schedules, or even reminders, optimizing schedules, or even reminders, optimizing schedules, or even solving problems without human solving problems without human solving problems without human intervention. The applications of these intervention. The applications of these intervention. The applications of these AI types also differ. Generative AI is AI types also differ. Generative AI is AI types also differ. Generative AI is widely used in content creating, widely used in content creating, widely used in content creating, marketing, entertaining, and software marketing, entertaining, and software marketing, entertaining, and software development. And agentic AI powers development. And agentic AI powers development. And agentic AI powers autonomous system like self-driving autonomous system like self-driving autonomous system like self-driving cars, AI powered customer service and cars, AI powered customer service and cars, AI powered customer service and personal assistant that can handle personal assistant that can handle personal assistant that can handle complex workflows. Both AI types are complex workflows. Both AI types are complex workflows. Both AI types are transforming the industries. But when transforming the industries. But when transforming the industries. But when they work together, they unlock even they work together, they unlock even they work together, they unlock even greater potential. Imagine an AI that greater potential. Imagine an AI that greater potential. Imagine an AI that not only generates a marketing campaign, not only generates a marketing campaign, not only generates a marketing campaign, but also launches it, tracks engagement, but also launches it, tracks engagement, but also launches it, tracks engagement, and refine the strategy automatically. and refine the strategy automatically. and refine the strategy automatically. The future isn't just about choosing The future isn't just about choosing The future isn't just about choosing between generative AI and agentic AI. between generative AI and agentic AI. between generative AI and agentic AI. It's about combining them two to build It's about combining them two to build It's about combining them two to build truly intelligent systems. Now that we truly intelligent systems. Now that we truly intelligent systems. Now that we understand the key differences between understand the key differences between understand the key differences between these two, let's explore the future of these two, let's explore the future of these two, let's explore the future of AI by asking, will generative AI be AI by asking, will generative AI be AI by asking, will generative AI be replaced? As AI continues to evolve, one replaced? As AI continues to evolve, one replaced? As AI continues to evolve, one big question arises. Will agentic AI big question arises. Will agentic AI big question arises. Will agentic AI replace generative AI? Right now, replace generative AI? Right now, replace generative AI? Right now, generative AI is everywhere, helping generative AI is everywhere, helping generative AI is everywhere, helping people write, design, and code faster people write, design, and code faster people write, design, and code faster than ever before. But it has one major than ever before. But it has one major than ever before. But it has one major limitation. It relies entirely on human limitation. It relies entirely on human limitation. It relies entirely on human input. Agentic AI on the other hand input. Agentic AI on the other hand input. Agentic AI on the other hand takes things further. It doesn't just takes things further. It doesn't just takes things further. It doesn't just generate, it decides, plans, and even generate, it decides, plans, and even generate, it decides, plans, and even acts. It's the next step towards the acts. It's the next step towards the acts. It's the next step towards the true autonomous intelligence. Does that true autonomous intelligence. Does that true autonomous intelligence. Does that means generative AI will be obsolete? means generative AI will be obsolete? means generative AI will be obsolete? Not necessarily. The future of AI isn't Not necessarily. The future of AI isn't Not necessarily. The future of AI isn't about one replacing the other. It's about one replacing the other. It's about one replacing the other. It's about coexisting. Generative AI will about coexisting. Generative AI will about coexisting. Generative AI will keep getting more creative and even keep getting more creative and even keep getting more creative and even sophisticated, producing even higher sophisticated, producing even higher sophisticated, producing even higher quality content. Agentic AI will become quality content. Agentic AI will become quality content. Agentic AI will become even more autonomous, integrating deeper even more autonomous, integrating deeper even more autonomous, integrating deeper with industries like healthcare, with industries like healthcare, with industries like healthcare, finance, and robotics. finance, and robotics. finance, and robotics. But this shift does comes with some But this shift does comes with some But this shift does comes with some risk. As AI takes on decision-m power, risk. As AI takes on decision-m power, risk. As AI takes on decision-m power, we face new challenges. ethical we face new challenges. ethical we face new challenges. ethical concerns, unintended consequences and concerns, unintended consequences and concerns, unintended consequences and the need for accountability. If an AI the need for accountability. If an AI the need for accountability. If an AI agent makes a bad decision, who is agent makes a bad decision, who is agent makes a bad decision, who is responsible and how do we ensure it responsible and how do we ensure it responsible and how do we ensure it aligns with the human values? The answer aligns with the human values? The answer aligns with the human values? The answer lies in balance. The real future of AI lies in balance. The real future of AI lies in balance. The real future of AI is hybrid approach where generative AI is hybrid approach where generative AI is hybrid approach where generative AI fuels creativity and agentic AI drives fuels creativity and agentic AI drives fuels creativity and agentic AI drives intelligent action. Imagine an AI system intelligent action. Imagine an AI system intelligent action. Imagine an AI system that not only writes a research paper that not only writes a research paper that not only writes a research paper but also submits it to generals, but also submits it to generals, but also submits it to generals, responds to reviews and refine it responds to reviews and refine it responds to reviews and refine it automatically. And this is where we are automatically. And this is where we are automatically. And this is where we are headed. Not just smarter AI, but AI that headed. Not just smarter AI, but AI that headed. Not just smarter AI, but AI that truly works with us as both a creator truly works with us as both a creator truly works with us as both a creator and an agent. The question isn't whether and an agent. The question isn't whether and an agent. The question isn't whether agentic AI will replace generative AI. agentic AI will replace generative AI. agentic AI will replace generative AI. It's how we'll harness both to shape the It's how we'll harness both to shape the It's how we'll harness both to shape the future of intelligence. Now that we have future of intelligence. Now that we have future of intelligence. Now that we have explored the differences between explored the differences between explored the differences between generative AI and agentric AI, let's generative AI and agentric AI, let's generative AI and agentric AI, let's move on to building an intelligent AI move on to building an intelligent AI move on to building an intelligent AI agent that can interact with our agent that can interact with our agent that can interact with our database using natural language. This database using natural language. This database using natural language. This means you can simply ask a question like means you can simply ask a question like means you can simply ask a question like show me all the students who have scored show me all the students who have scored show me all the students who have scored about 80 and the agent will about 80 and the agent will about 80 and the agent will automatically convert it into an SQL automatically convert it into an SQL automatically convert it into an SQL query. Fetch the data and return the query. Fetch the data and return the query. Fetch the data and return the exact result from the database. No need exact result from the database. No need exact result from the database. No need to write complex SQL queries manually. to write complex SQL queries manually. to write complex SQL queries manually. Just ask and the AI responds. Let's dive Just ask and the AI responds. Let's dive Just ask and the AI responds. Let's dive in and build this powerful system. in and build this powerful system. in and build this powerful system. First, we need to set up a cond First, we need to set up a cond First, we need to set up a cond environment to manage our project environment to manage our project environment to manage our project dependency. To do this, we open the dependency. To do this, we open the dependency. To do this, we open the terminal and run the following command. terminal and run the following command. terminal and run the following command. We'll write create p vv python equals to python equals to python equals to 3.10 - y. So, creates a new environment and hyphen So, creates a new environment and hyphen So, creates a new environment and hyphen pvnv specify the environment path as vv. pvnv specify the environment path as vv. pvnv specify the environment path as vv. Python equals to 3.10 installs python Python equals to 3.10 installs python Python equals to 3.10 installs python version 3.10 inside the environment and version 3.10 inside the environment and version 3.10 inside the environment and hyphen y automatically confirms the hyphen y automatically confirms the hyphen y automatically confirms the installation without asking for installation without asking for installation without asking for approval. Once the process is complete, approval. Once the process is complete, approval. Once the process is complete, our virtual environment is ready and we our virtual environment is ready and we our virtual environment is ready and we can move forward with setting up our can move forward with setting up our can move forward with setting up our agentic AI project. Next, we'll create a agentic AI project. Next, we'll create a agentic AI project. Next, we'll create a file named requirements.txt. txt where we'll list all the necessary where we'll list all the necessary where we'll list all the necessary libraries for our project. This will libraries for our project. This will libraries for our project. This will help us easily install dependencies in help us easily install dependencies in help us easily install dependencies in one go. Additionally, we'll create a NV one go. Additionally, we'll create a NV one go. Additionally, we'll create a NV file to securely store our Google file to securely store our Google file to securely store our Google generative AI API key, keeping sensitive generative AI API key, keeping sensitive generative AI API key, keeping sensitive information separate from our main code. information separate from our main code. information separate from our main code. With these files in place, we ensure a With these files in place, we ensure a With these files in place, we ensure a well structured and organized setup for well structured and organized setup for well structured and organized setup for our agentic AI project. our agentic AI project. our agentic AI project. First, we will work with SQLite, a First, we will work with SQLite, a First, we will work with SQLite, a lightweight self-contained database lightweight self-contained database lightweight self-contained database engine to create and manage a student engine to create and manage a student engine to create and manage a student database. Let's break it down step by database. Let's break it down step by database. Let's break it down step by step. So, we'll create a file named SQL. step. So, we'll create a file named SQL. step. So, we'll create a file named SQL. py and import the SQLite 3 module which py and import the SQLite 3 module which py and import the SQLite 3 module which allows us to work with SQLite databases. allows us to work with SQLite databases. allows us to work with SQLite databases. We'll write import SQLite 3. We'll write import SQLite 3. We'll write import SQLite 3. This module provides all the necessary This module provides all the necessary This module provides all the necessary functions to create a database, insert functions to create a database, insert functions to create a database, insert records, retrieve data, and manage records, retrieve data, and manage records, retrieve data, and manage connections. Next, we create a connections. Next, we create a connections. Next, we create a connection to an SQLite database file connection to an SQLite database file connection to an SQLite database file named student db. We'll write connection named student db. We'll write connection named student db. We'll write connection equals to skite3 connect. Connection equals to skite3 connect. Connection equals to skite3 connect. Connection equals to skite3.connect equals to skite3.connect equals to skite3.connect in the bracket in double inverted comma in the bracket in double inverted comma in the bracket in double inverted comma student db. student db. student db. If this file doesn't exist, SQL If this file doesn't exist, SQL If this file doesn't exist, SQL lightweight automatically create it. The lightweight automatically create it. The lightweight automatically create it. The connection object will allow us to connection object will allow us to connection object will allow us to interact with the database. Now we interact with the database. Now we interact with the database. Now we create a cursor object which is used to create a cursor object which is used to create a cursor object which is used to execute SQL commands in Python. We'll execute SQL commands in Python. We'll execute SQL commands in Python. We'll write cursor equals to write cursor equals to write cursor equals to connection.cursor. connection.cursor. connection.cursor. Think of the cursor as a tool that helps Think of the cursor as a tool that helps Think of the cursor as a tool that helps us send queries to the database and us send queries to the database and us send queries to the database and retrieve results. Now we define a SQL retrieve results. Now we define a SQL retrieve results. Now we define a SQL command to create a table named student command to create a table named student command to create a table named student with four columns. We'll write table with four columns. We'll write table with four columns. We'll write table info equals to triple inverted commas. info equals to triple inverted commas. info equals to triple inverted commas. Next we'll create a table. Next we'll create a table. Next we'll create a table. For that we'll write create table. Then For that we'll write create table. Then For that we'll write create table. Then student we'll write in the bracket name student we'll write in the bracket name student we'll write in the bracket name type vcar and we'll have 25 characters. type vcar and we'll have 25 characters. type vcar and we'll have 25 characters. Comma class type vcar and the same 25 Comma class type vcar and the same 25 Comma class type vcar and the same 25 characters. Comma section type var with characters. Comma section type var with characters. Comma section type var with 25 characters and marks type integer. 25 characters and marks type integer. 25 characters and marks type integer. Then we'll write cursor.execute Then we'll write cursor.execute Then we'll write cursor.execute in the bracket in the bracket in the bracket table info. The name stores the students table info. The name stores the students table info. The name stores the students name string up to 25 characters. The name string up to 25 characters. The name string up to 25 characters. The class store the class's name and the class store the class's name and the class store the class's name and the section stores the section of the section stores the section of the section stores the section of the student and lastly the mark stores the student and lastly the mark stores the student and lastly the mark stores the marks obtained as integer. Executing marks obtained as integer. Executing marks obtained as integer. Executing this commands creates the table in the this commands creates the table in the this commands creates the table in the database. Next, we insert five student database. Next, we insert five student database. Next, we insert five student records into the student table using SQL records into the student table using SQL records into the student table using SQL insert statements. I've already created insert statements. I've already created insert statements. I've already created and inserted five values in the table. and inserted five values in the table. and inserted five values in the table. You can create as much as you can. Each You can create as much as you can. Each You can create as much as you can. Each insert commands adds a new role with the insert commands adds a new role with the insert commands adds a new role with the students name, class, section, and students name, class, section, and students name, class, section, and marks. Now, we retrieve and display all marks. Now, we retrieve and display all marks. Now, we retrieve and display all records from the student table. For records from the student table. For records from the student table. For that, we'll have to write print in the that, we'll have to write print in the that, we'll have to write print in the bracket. Print in the bracket the bracket. Print in the bracket the bracket. Print in the bracket the inserted records are. In the next line, inserted records are. In the next line, inserted records are. In the next line, we'll write data equals to cursor we'll write data equals to cursor we'll write data equals to cursor do.executed in the bracket three single do.executed in the bracket three single do.executed in the bracket three single inverted comma select star from student inverted comma select star from student inverted comma select star from student closing the inverted commas in the closing the inverted commas in the closing the inverted commas in the bracket. Then we'll write for row in bracket. Then we'll write for row in bracket. Then we'll write for row in data colon print in the bracket row. The data colon print in the bracket row. The data colon print in the bracket row. The select star from student query fetches select star from student query fetches select star from student query fetches all the data from the table. The for all the data from the table. The for all the data from the table. The for loop iterates through the records and loop iterates through the records and loop iterates through the records and prints them one by one. And finally we prints them one by one. And finally we prints them one by one. And finally we commit our changes and close the commit our changes and close the commit our changes and close the database connection. For that we'll database connection. For that we'll database connection. For that we'll write connection write connection write connection and then connection.close. and then connection.close. and then connection.close. The dotcommit function ensures all the The dotcommit function ensures all the The dotcommit function ensures all the changes are saved in the database. The changes are saved in the database. The changes are saved in the database. The dot closees the connection freeing up dot closees the connection freeing up dot closees the connection freeing up the system resources. And that's it. We the system resources. And that's it. We the system resources. And that's it. We have successfully created a student have successfully created a student have successfully created a student database, inserted records and retrieved database, inserted records and retrieved database, inserted records and retrieved them using SQLite and Python. Now let's them using SQLite and Python. Now let's them using SQLite and Python. Now let's build an interactive stream app that build an interactive stream app that build an interactive stream app that converts natural language questions into converts natural language questions into converts natural language questions into SQL queries using Google's Gemini model. SQL queries using Google's Gemini model. SQL queries using Google's Gemini model. It then retrieves data from an SQLite It then retrieves data from an SQLite It then retrieves data from an SQLite database and display the result. Let's database and display the result. Let's database and display the result. Let's break it down step by step. But before break it down step by step. But before break it down step by step. But before we start, we have to activate the we start, we have to activate the we start, we have to activate the environment. For that we'll write environment. For that we'll write environment. For that we'll write activate venv forward slash. activate venv forward slash. activate venv forward slash. And here our environment is activated. And here our environment is activated. And here our environment is activated. First we'll create a file in app. py and First we'll create a file in app. py and First we'll create a file in app. py and load environment variables using env. load environment variables using env. load environment variables using env. For that we'll write from env we'll For that we'll write from env we'll For that we'll write from env we'll import load env. Next we'll write load import load env. Next we'll write load import load env. Next we'll write load env. It will load all environment env. It will load all environment env. It will load all environment variables. This ensures that sensitive variables. This ensures that sensitive variables. This ensures that sensitive information such as API keys is securely information such as API keys is securely information such as API keys is securely stored and accessed. Next we import the stored and accessed. Next we import the stored and accessed. Next we import the necessary modules. For that we'll write necessary modules. For that we'll write necessary modules. For that we'll write import streamlit as st. Then import OS, import streamlit as st. Then import OS, import streamlit as st. Then import OS, then import SQLite 3 and then import then import SQLite 3 and then import then import SQLite 3 and then import Google.generative AI as genai. Google.generative AI as genai. Google.generative AI as genai. Streamlight here powers the web Streamlight here powers the web Streamlight here powers the web interface. OS helps access the interface. OS helps access the interface. OS helps access the environment variables. SQLite 3 allows environment variables. SQLite 3 allows environment variables. SQLite 3 allows us to interact with the database and us to interact with the database and us to interact with the database and Google generative AI enables the Google generative AI enables the Google generative AI enables the conversion of natural language into SQL conversion of natural language into SQL conversion of natural language into SQL queries. Now we configure the Google queries. Now we configure the Google queries. Now we configure the Google Gemini API key. But before that we'll Gemini API key. But before that we'll Gemini API key. But before that we'll have to create a API key through Google have to create a API key through Google have to create a API key through Google studio itself. I've already generated studio itself. I've already generated studio itself. I've already generated one. You can create yours through Google one. You can create yours through Google one. You can create yours through Google studio itself. Then we'll write studio itself. Then we'll write studio itself. Then we'll write genai.configure genai.configure genai.configure in the bracket API_key in the bracket API_key in the bracket API_key equals to os.get env key. This allows the app to use Gemini key. This allows the app to use Gemini key. This allows the app to use Gemini 1.5 Pro to generate SQL queries. Then we 1.5 Pro to generate SQL queries. Then we 1.5 Pro to generate SQL queries. Then we define a function to generate SQL define a function to generate SQL define a function to generate SQL queries from natural language input queries from natural language input queries from natural language input using gemnai. For that we'll write defaf using gemnai. For that we'll write defaf using gemnai. For that we'll write defaf get gemini get gemini get gemini response in the bracket question, response in the bracket question, response in the bracket question, prompt. Next we'll write model equals to prompt. Next we'll write model equals to prompt. Next we'll write model equals to genai, generative model in the bracket genai, generative model in the bracket genai, generative model in the bracket we'll write models/jna we'll write models/jna we'll write models/jna version 1.5 pro. Then we'll write version 1.5 pro. Then we'll write version 1.5 pro. Then we'll write response equals to model.generate response equals to model.generate response equals to model.generate generate underscore content in the generate underscore content in the generate underscore content in the bracket and in square brackets prompt in bracket and in square brackets prompt in bracket and in square brackets prompt in the square bracket zero and comma the square bracket zero and comma the square bracket zero and comma question and then we'll write return question and then we'll write return question and then we'll write return response text. The function initializes response text. The function initializes response text. The function initializes the Gemini model. It takes a question the Gemini model. It takes a question the Gemini model. It takes a question and predefined prompt as input and the and predefined prompt as input and the and predefined prompt as input and the AI model generates an SQL query as AI model generates an SQL query as AI model generates an SQL query as output. Next, we define a function to output. Next, we define a function to output. Next, we define a function to execute SQL queries on the database and execute SQL queries on the database and execute SQL queries on the database and retrieve results. For that we'll write retrieve results. For that we'll write retrieve results. For that we'll write deaf read_sql_query in the bracket SQL comma db. Next we'll in the bracket SQL comma db. Next we'll in the bracket SQL comma db. Next we'll write con equals to sqlite 3 dot connect write con equals to sqlite 3 dot connect write con equals to sqlite 3 dot connect in the bracket db. Then cur equals to in the bracket db. Then cur equals to in the bracket db. Then cur equals to con.cursor con.cursor con.cursor and then cur equals to execute in the and then cur equals to execute in the and then cur equals to execute in the bracket sql. Then we'll write rows bracket sql. Then we'll write rows bracket sql. Then we'll write rows equals to c dot fetch call. then con dot equals to c dot fetch call. then con dot equals to c dot fetch call. then con dot commit and then con.t close commit and then con.t close commit and then con.t close and then we'll create a loop by writing and then we'll create a loop by writing and then we'll create a loop by writing for row in rows and then we'll print it for row in rows and then we'll print it for row in rows and then we'll print it and then return rows. The function and then return rows. The function and then return rows. The function connects to the student db database. It connects to the student db database. It connects to the student db database. It executes the given SQL's query and it executes the given SQL's query and it executes the given SQL's query and it fetches all the retrieve records and fetches all the retrieve records and fetches all the retrieve records and prints them. Now we define the AI prompt prints them. Now we define the AI prompt prints them. Now we define the AI prompt that instructs Gemini on how to convert that instructs Gemini on how to convert that instructs Gemini on how to convert the questions into SQL queries. As you the questions into SQL queries. As you the questions into SQL queries. As you can see, I've already created a prompt can see, I've already created a prompt can see, I've already created a prompt for my own and you can create yours for my own and you can create yours for my own and you can create yours according to how you want your model to according to how you want your model to according to how you want your model to function. If you want the prompt which function. If you want the prompt which function. If you want the prompt which I've used over here, you can just I've used over here, you can just I've used over here, you can just comment on the video and I'll send it to comment on the video and I'll send it to comment on the video and I'll send it to you. This prompts ensures the Gemini AI you. This prompts ensures the Gemini AI you. This prompts ensures the Gemini AI generates SQL queries accurately without generates SQL queries accurately without generates SQL queries accurately without unnecessary text. Now we'll set page unnecessary text. Now we'll set page unnecessary text. Now we'll set page configuration with a title and icon. For configuration with a title and icon. For configuration with a title and icon. For that we'll write st set_page that we'll write st set_page that we'll write st set_page configuration in the bracket page title configuration in the bracket page title configuration in the bracket page title equals to SQL query generator edurea equals to SQL query generator edurea equals to SQL query generator edurea comma page icon. Then we'll display the comma page icon. Then we'll display the comma page icon. Then we'll display the edureka logo and header. For that we'll edureka logo and header. For that we'll edureka logo and header. For that we'll write st dot image in the bracket write st dot image in the bracket write st dot image in the bracket 123.png, png comma width equals to let's 123.png, png comma width equals to let's 123.png, png comma width equals to let's keep it as 200 keep it as 200 keep it as 200 st dom markdown in the bracket logo plus st dom markdown in the bracket logo plus st dom markdown in the bracket logo plus ederica's gemini app/ your powered sql ederica's gemini app/ your powered sql ederica's gemini app/ your powered sql assistant assistant assistant next we'll write next we'll write next we'll write next we'll write next we'll write next we'll write st.mmarkdown st.mmarkdown st.mmarkdown then the logo and ask any questions and then the logo and ask any questions and then the logo and ask any questions and I'll generate the SQL query for you the I'll generate the SQL query for you the I'll generate the SQL query for you the page title and the icon are set a logo page title and the icon are set a logo page title and the icon are set a logo is displayed at the top and the app's is displayed at the top and the app's is displayed at the top and the app's purpose is to introduce to the user. And purpose is to introduce to the user. And purpose is to introduce to the user. And before we import the logo, just make before we import the logo, just make before we import the logo, just make sure that you have the logo in your sure that you have the logo in your sure that you have the logo in your folder. We take user input for a natural folder. We take user input for a natural folder. We take user input for a natural language query. language query. language query. For that, we'll write question equals to For that, we'll write question equals to For that, we'll write question equals to st.ext_input st.ext_input st.ext_input in the bracket enter your query in plain in the bracket enter your query in plain in the bracket enter your query in plain English colon, key equals to input. This English colon, key equals to input. This English colon, key equals to input. This allows users to type their questions allows users to type their questions allows users to type their questions such as show all students with marks such as show all students with marks such as show all students with marks above 80. A submit button triggers the above 80. A submit button triggers the above 80. A submit button triggers the SQL generation process and for that SQL generation process and for that SQL generation process and for that we'll write submit equals to ST dobutton we'll write submit equals to ST dobutton we'll write submit equals to ST dobutton in the bracket generate SQL query. When in the bracket generate SQL query. When in the bracket generate SQL query. When clicked the app processes the query and clicked the app processes the query and clicked the app processes the query and retrieves the result. Now we define what retrieves the result. Now we define what retrieves the result. Now we define what happens when the submit button is happens when the submit button is happens when the submit button is clicked. clicked. clicked. For that we'll write if submit in the For that we'll write if submit in the For that we'll write if submit in the next line response equals to get gemini next line response equals to get gemini next line response equals to get gemini response in the bracket question, response in the bracket question, response in the bracket question, prompt. This is to convert the question prompt. This is to convert the question prompt. This is to convert the question to SQL. And then we'll print the to SQL. And then we'll print the to SQL. And then we'll print the response. response. response. Then we'll write response equals to Then we'll write response equals to Then we'll write response equals to read_sql_query read_sql_query read_sql_query in the bracket response, student db. And in the bracket response, student db. And in the bracket response, student db. And this is to execute SQL on the database. this is to execute SQL on the database. this is to execute SQL on the database. Then we'll write ST.UB header in the Then we'll write ST.UB header in the Then we'll write ST.UB header in the bracket the response is brackets closed. bracket the response is brackets closed. bracket the response is brackets closed. Next we'll include a loop for then row Next we'll include a loop for then row Next we'll include a loop for then row in response. Then we'll write ST dot in response. Then we'll write ST dot in response. Then we'll write ST dot subheader in the bracket the responses subheader in the bracket the responses subheader in the bracket the responses and then we'll include a loop for row in and then we'll include a loop for row in and then we'll include a loop for row in response. Then we'll print row and then response. Then we'll print row and then response. Then we'll print row and then st header and in the brackets row. The st header and in the brackets row. The st header and in the brackets row. The user's question is converted into an SQL user's question is converted into an SQL user's question is converted into an SQL query using Gemini AI. The SQL query is query using Gemini AI. The SQL query is query using Gemini AI. The SQL query is executed on the student DB database and executed on the student DB database and executed on the student DB database and the retrieve records are displayed on the retrieve records are displayed on the retrieve records are displayed on the streamllet app. And that's it. The the streamllet app. And that's it. The the streamllet app. And that's it. The AI powered stream app allows users to AI powered stream app allows users to AI powered stream app allows users to ask natural language questions which are ask natural language questions which are ask natural language questions which are automatically converted into SQL queries automatically converted into SQL queries automatically converted into SQL queries and executed on a student database. Now and executed on a student database. Now and executed on a student database. Now let's open the terminal and run our let's open the terminal and run our let's open the terminal and run our streamllet app. To do this, we simply streamllet app. To do this, we simply streamllet app. To do this, we simply type streamllet run app. py and hit type streamllet run app. py and hit type streamllet run app. py and hit enter. It's running. And as you can see, enter. It's running. And as you can see, enter. It's running. And as you can see, our agentic AI is up and running, ready our agentic AI is up and running, ready our agentic AI is up and running, ready to interact with our database. Let's to interact with our database. Let's to interact with our database. Let's test it by asking a simple question. test it by asking a simple question. test it by asking a simple question. We'll ask, give me the names of all the We'll ask, give me the names of all the We'll ask, give me the names of all the students. The AI processes our request, students. The AI processes our request, students. The AI processes our request, converts it into an SQL query, and converts it into an SQL query, and converts it into an SQL query, and retrieves the student names from the retrieves the student names from the retrieves the student names from the database. Perfect. As you can see, the database. Perfect. As you can see, the database. Perfect. As you can see, the response is generated. Now, let's try response is generated. Now, let's try response is generated. Now, let's try another query. We'll say, give me the another query. We'll say, give me the another query. We'll say, give me the average of marks. average of marks. average of marks. And just like that, the AI calculates And just like that, the AI calculates And just like that, the AI calculates and returns the average marks. The and returns the average marks. The and returns the average marks. The response which is provided is 72.2. So response which is provided is 72.2. So response which is provided is 72.2. So in this video we successfully built an in this video we successfully built an in this video we successfully built an agentic AI that can understand natural agentic AI that can understand natural agentic AI that can understand natural language generate SQL queries and language generate SQL queries and language generate SQL queries and interact with our data seamlessly. Amazon just dropped a major AI upgrade Amazon just dropped a major AI upgrade Amazon just dropped a major AI upgrade Alexa plus and it's unlike anything we Alexa plus and it's unlike anything we Alexa plus and it's unlike anything we have seen before. It's not just an have seen before. It's not just an have seen before. It's not just an update it's a complete transformation update it's a complete transformation update it's a complete transformation powered by generative AI. But what powered by generative AI. But what powered by generative AI. But what exactly makes Alexa smarter, more exactly makes Alexa smarter, more exactly makes Alexa smarter, more conversational, and more capable? Well, conversational, and more capable? Well, conversational, and more capable? Well, in this video, we will break down how in this video, we will break down how in this video, we will break down how Amazon has leveraged state-of-the-art AI Amazon has leveraged state-of-the-art AI Amazon has leveraged state-of-the-art AI models to make Alexa a true AI models to make Alexa a true AI models to make Alexa a true AI assistance. How it compares to assistance. How it compares to assistance. How it compares to competitors like Chad GBT voice and competitors like Chad GBT voice and competitors like Chad GBT voice and Google Assistants, and whether it's the Google Assistants, and whether it's the Google Assistants, and whether it's the future of voice AI. Let's rewind a bit. future of voice AI. Let's rewind a bit. future of voice AI. Let's rewind a bit. Alexa started as a simple voice Alexa started as a simple voice Alexa started as a simple voice assistance in 2014. It could set assistance in 2014. It could set assistance in 2014. It could set reminders, play music, and control smart reminders, play music, and control smart reminders, play music, and control smart devices. But it had one major devices. But it had one major devices. But it had one major limitation. It wasn't really thinking, limitation. It wasn't really thinking, limitation. It wasn't really thinking, just following predefined rules. As AI just following predefined rules. As AI just following predefined rules. As AI advanced, assistants like Apple Siri and advanced, assistants like Apple Siri and advanced, assistants like Apple Siri and Google Assistants improved. But Amazon Google Assistants improved. But Amazon Google Assistants improved. But Amazon saw an opportunity to turn Alexa into a saw an opportunity to turn Alexa into a saw an opportunity to turn Alexa into a true conversational AI. And that's where true conversational AI. And that's where true conversational AI. And that's where generative AI comes in. Enter Alexa generative AI comes in. Enter Alexa generative AI comes in. Enter Alexa Plus, a brand new AI powered version of Plus, a brand new AI powered version of Plus, a brand new AI powered version of Alexa that understands context, Alexa that understands context, Alexa that understands context, remembers conversations, and sounds more remembers conversations, and sounds more remembers conversations, and sounds more natural than ever. Launched on February natural than ever. Launched on February natural than ever. Launched on February 26, 2025, Alexa Plus is Amazon's next 26, 2025, Alexa Plus is Amazon's next 26, 2025, Alexa Plus is Amazon's next generation AI assistance designed to generation AI assistance designed to generation AI assistance designed to provide more natural conversational provide more natural conversational provide more natural conversational interactions, and enhanced capabilities. interactions, and enhanced capabilities. interactions, and enhanced capabilities. This upgrade enables Alexa to perform This upgrade enables Alexa to perform This upgrade enables Alexa to perform complex tasks such as planning events, complex tasks such as planning events, complex tasks such as planning events, managing schedules, and controlling managing schedules, and controlling managing schedules, and controlling smart home devices more efficiently. smart home devices more efficiently. smart home devices more efficiently. Alexa Plus represents a significant Alexa Plus represents a significant Alexa Plus represents a significant evolution from the original Alexa, evolution from the original Alexa, evolution from the original Alexa, introducing several key enhancements. So introducing several key enhancements. So introducing several key enhancements. So let us see what are they. First we have let us see what are they. First we have let us see what are they. First we have conversational abilities. Alexa plus conversational abilities. Alexa plus conversational abilities. Alexa plus offers more natural and expansive offers more natural and expansive offers more natural and expansive interactions understanding colloquial interactions understanding colloquial interactions understanding colloquial expressions and complex ideas making expressions and complex ideas making expressions and complex ideas making conversational feel smoother and more conversational feel smoother and more conversational feel smoother and more intuitive. Building on that it also intuitive. Building on that it also intuitive. Building on that it also takes a more proactive approach to takes a more proactive approach to takes a more proactive approach to assisting users. Unlike the original assisting users. Unlike the original assisting users. Unlike the original Alexa, which primarily responded to Alexa, which primarily responded to Alexa, which primarily responded to direct commands, Alexa Plus can direct commands, Alexa Plus can direct commands, Alexa Plus can anticipate user needs such as suggesting anticipate user needs such as suggesting anticipate user needs such as suggesting earlier dispatches due to traffic or earlier dispatches due to traffic or earlier dispatches due to traffic or notifying about sales on desired items. notifying about sales on desired items. notifying about sales on desired items. In addition, it has become more In addition, it has become more In addition, it has become more personalized than ever. Alexa Plus can personalized than ever. Alexa Plus can personalized than ever. Alexa Plus can remember user preferences, dietary remember user preferences, dietary remember user preferences, dietary restrictions, and important dates, restrictions, and important dates, restrictions, and important dates, tailoring responses and actions to tailoring responses and actions to tailoring responses and actions to individual needs. Whereas the original individual needs. Whereas the original individual needs. Whereas the original Alexa had limited personalization Alexa had limited personalization Alexa had limited personalization capabilities. Beyond personalization, it capabilities. Beyond personalization, it capabilities. Beyond personalization, it also enhances task management. The new also enhances task management. The new also enhances task management. The new Alexa can handle complex task like Alexa can handle complex task like Alexa can handle complex task like making reservations, ordering groceries, making reservations, ordering groceries, making reservations, ordering groceries, and coordinating multiple services and coordinating multiple services and coordinating multiple services seamlessly, surpassing the more basic seamlessly, surpassing the more basic seamlessly, surpassing the more basic functionalities of the original Alexa. functionalities of the original Alexa. functionalities of the original Alexa. Not just that, it also integrated with Not just that, it also integrated with Not just that, it also integrated with more services than before. Alexa Plus more services than before. Alexa Plus more services than before. Alexa Plus connects with a broader range of connects with a broader range of connects with a broader range of services and devices including GrubHub, services and devices including GrubHub, services and devices including GrubHub, Open Table, Ticket Master and various Open Table, Ticket Master and various Open Table, Ticket Master and various smart home products making it even more smart home products making it even more smart home products making it even more versatile. On top of all these versatile. On top of all these versatile. On top of all these improvements, it now has the ability to improvements, it now has the ability to improvements, it now has the ability to act independently. Agentic capabilities act independently. Agentic capabilities act independently. Agentic capabilities is a notable advancements in Alexa plus. is a notable advancements in Alexa plus. is a notable advancements in Alexa plus. Now that we have seen how Alexa plus has Now that we have seen how Alexa plus has Now that we have seen how Alexa plus has improved. So let's dive into the improved. So let's dive into the improved. So let's dive into the technology behind it and understand how technology behind it and understand how technology behind it and understand how generative AI models and agentic AI generative AI models and agentic AI generative AI models and agentic AI capabilities power this next generation capabilities power this next generation capabilities power this next generation assistance. Alexa is built on cutting assistance. Alexa is built on cutting assistance. Alexa is built on cutting edge generative AI and agentic AI edge generative AI and agentic AI edge generative AI and agentic AI leveraging powerful models and leveraging powerful models and leveraging powerful models and algorithms to process language, algorithms to process language, algorithms to process language, understand context and execute task understand context and execute task understand context and execute task autonomously. So let's break down the autonomously. So let's break down the autonomously. So let's break down the key technologies that make this key technologies that make this key technologies that make this possible. Large language models which is possible. Large language models which is possible. Large language models which is LLMs, the brain behind conversations. At LLMs, the brain behind conversations. At LLMs, the brain behind conversations. At the core of Alexa plus is an advanced the core of Alexa plus is an advanced the core of Alexa plus is an advanced transformer-based language model similar transformer-based language model similar transformer-based language model similar to GPD4 cler and Amazon's preparatory to GPD4 cler and Amazon's preparatory to GPD4 cler and Amazon's preparatory Titan model. This LLMs are trained on Titan model. This LLMs are trained on Titan model. This LLMs are trained on vast data sets allowing Alexa to vast data sets allowing Alexa to vast data sets allowing Alexa to understand complex queries and respond understand complex queries and respond understand complex queries and respond naturally. also maintain context across naturally. also maintain context across naturally. also maintain context across conversations, making interactions feel conversations, making interactions feel conversations, making interactions feel more fluid and generate humanlike more fluid and generate humanlike more fluid and generate humanlike responses, reducing robotic and responses, reducing robotic and responses, reducing robotic and repetitive phrasing. And by using repetitive phrasing. And by using repetitive phrasing. And by using techniques like reinforcement learning techniques like reinforcement learning techniques like reinforcement learning with human feedback, Alexa Plus with human feedback, Alexa Plus with human feedback, Alexa Plus continuously improves its conversations continuously improves its conversations continuously improves its conversations ability based on real world ability based on real world ability based on real world interactions. The next technology is interactions. The next technology is interactions. The next technology is agentic AI, enabling proactive and agentic AI, enabling proactive and agentic AI, enabling proactive and autonomous actions. Beyond just autonomous actions. Beyond just autonomous actions. Beyond just responding to commands, Alexa Plus responding to commands, Alexa Plus responding to commands, Alexa Plus integrates agentic AI models which allow integrates agentic AI models which allow integrates agentic AI models which allow it to act independently. Built on drag it to act independently. Built on drag it to act independently. Built on drag and action models, it can plan and action models, it can plan and action models, it can plan multi-step task, example, finding a multi-step task, example, finding a multi-step task, example, finding a restaurant, booking a table, and restaurant, booking a table, and restaurant, booking a table, and arranging transportation. It retrieves arranging transportation. It retrieves arranging transportation. It retrieves real-time web data to provide the latest real-time web data to provide the latest real-time web data to provide the latest information and execute action across information and execute action across information and execute action across multiple apps and services without user multiple apps and services without user multiple apps and services without user micromanagement. This enables a fully micromanagement. This enables a fully micromanagement. This enables a fully autonomous AI assistance experience, autonomous AI assistance experience, autonomous AI assistance experience, reducing the need for manual user input. reducing the need for manual user input. reducing the need for manual user input. After agentic AI, the technology that After agentic AI, the technology that After agentic AI, the technology that makes Alexa so versatile is neural makes Alexa so versatile is neural makes Alexa so versatile is neural network architectures, enabling speech network architectures, enabling speech network architectures, enabling speech and context awareness. Alexa plus and context awareness. Alexa plus and context awareness. Alexa plus utilizes deep learning techniques such utilizes deep learning techniques such utilizes deep learning techniques such as sequencetose sequence models for as sequencetose sequence models for as sequencetose sequence models for natural language generation but which natural language generation but which natural language generation but which stands for birectional encoder stands for birectional encoder stands for birectional encoder representations from transformers for representations from transformers for representations from transformers for understanding user intent with greater understanding user intent with greater understanding user intent with greater accuracy. Next, whisper ASR automatic accuracy. Next, whisper ASR automatic accuracy. Next, whisper ASR automatic speech recognition for improved voice speech recognition for improved voice speech recognition for improved voice processing making Alexa more responsive processing making Alexa more responsive processing making Alexa more responsive to different accent and speech patterns. to different accent and speech patterns. to different accent and speech patterns. These advancements enable highly These advancements enable highly These advancements enable highly accurate speech recognition, accurate speech recognition, accurate speech recognition, contextually understanding, and contextually understanding, and contextually understanding, and real-time adaption to user behavior. real-time adaption to user behavior. real-time adaption to user behavior. Alexa Plus integrates long-term memory Alexa Plus integrates long-term memory Alexa Plus integrates long-term memory storage using vector databases like FISS storage using vector databases like FISS storage using vector databases like FISS or Amazon Aurora, allowing it to or Amazon Aurora, allowing it to or Amazon Aurora, allowing it to remember user preferences over time, remember user preferences over time, remember user preferences over time, adapt to individual habits and routines adapt to individual habits and routines adapt to individual habits and routines for a more personalized experience, also for a more personalized experience, also for a more personalized experience, also provide contextual reminders based on provide contextual reminders based on provide contextual reminders based on past interactions. This deep past interactions. This deep past interactions. This deep personalization is what makes Alexa plus personalization is what makes Alexa plus personalization is what makes Alexa plus feel more like a true digital assistant feel more like a true digital assistant feel more like a true digital assistant rather than just a voice control device. rather than just a voice control device. rather than just a voice control device. Then comes the technology that makes Then comes the technology that makes Then comes the technology that makes Alexa plus capable of understanding and Alexa plus capable of understanding and Alexa plus capable of understanding and interacting with user which is interacting with user which is interacting with user which is multimodel AI. Alexa plus leverages multimodel AI. Alexa plus leverages multimodel AI. Alexa plus leverages multimodel AI combining natural language multimodel AI combining natural language multimodel AI combining natural language processing for textbased queries processing for textbased queries processing for textbased queries computer vision for eco show devices computer vision for eco show devices computer vision for eco show devices enabling it to process and analyze on enabling it to process and analyze on enabling it to process and analyze on screen content. Also this speed screen content. Also this speed screen content. Also this speed synthesis is used to generate humanlike synthesis is used to generate humanlike synthesis is used to generate humanlike voice responses and this makes Alexa voice responses and this makes Alexa voice responses and this makes Alexa elixir plus capable of understanding and elixir plus capable of understanding and elixir plus capable of understanding and interacting with user in multiple ways interacting with user in multiple ways interacting with user in multiple ways enhancing its overall functionality and enhancing its overall functionality and enhancing its overall functionality and by combining LLM agentic AI deep by combining LLM agentic AI deep by combining LLM agentic AI deep learning models and real-time data learning models and real-time data learning models and real-time data retrieval. Alexa represent a significant retrieval. Alexa represent a significant retrieval. Alexa represent a significant leap in AIdriven virtual assistance. It leap in AIdriven virtual assistance. It leap in AIdriven virtual assistance. It is no longer just a voice assistance. It is no longer just a voice assistance. It is no longer just a voice assistance. It is an autonomous context aware and is an autonomous context aware and is an autonomous context aware and highly personalized AI companion highly personalized AI companion highly personalized AI companion designed to make daily life easier. Now designed to make daily life easier. Now designed to make daily life easier. Now that we have explored the technology that we have explored the technology that we have explored the technology behind Alexa plus, so let us see how it behind Alexa plus, so let us see how it behind Alexa plus, so let us see how it stack up against other leading AI stack up against other leading AI stack up against other leading AI assistants. Alexa plus enters the AI assistants. Alexa plus enters the AI assistants. Alexa plus enters the AI assistant space with generative AI and assistant space with generative AI and assistant space with generative AI and agentic AI making it smarter and more agentic AI making it smarter and more agentic AI making it smarter and more proactive. But how does it compare to proactive. But how does it compare to proactive. But how does it compare to the top AI models available today? So the top AI models available today? So the top AI models available today? So let's break it down across key aspects. let's break it down across key aspects. let's break it down across key aspects. So we will compare them based on five So we will compare them based on five So we will compare them based on five key factors such as AI powered and key factors such as AI powered and key factors such as AI powered and capabilities, personalization and capabilities, personalization and capabilities, personalization and memory. Then proactive and autonomous memory. Then proactive and autonomous memory. Then proactive and autonomous task. Next is the ecosystem and third task. Next is the ecosystem and third task. Next is the ecosystem and third party integration and finally party integration and finally party integration and finally conversational abilities. So first let conversational abilities. So first let conversational abilities. So first let us compare it with AI power and us compare it with AI power and us compare it with AI power and capabilities. So how powerful is the AI capabilities. So how powerful is the AI capabilities. So how powerful is the AI behind each assistant? Alexa plus uses behind each assistant? Alexa plus uses behind each assistant? Alexa plus uses Amazon Titan plus custom LLM with Amazon Titan plus custom LLM with Amazon Titan plus custom LLM with generative AI and agentic AI for smart generative AI and agentic AI for smart generative AI and agentic AI for smart proactive responses. Whereas chat GP proactive responses. Whereas chat GP proactive responses. Whereas chat GP voice runs on GPT4 great for deep voice runs on GPT4 great for deep voice runs on GPT4 great for deep conversation but lacks real world task conversation but lacks real world task conversation but lacks real world task execution. Whereas Google assistants execution. Whereas Google assistants execution. Whereas Google assistants uses Gemini AI best for search and uses Gemini AI best for search and uses Gemini AI best for search and multimodel inputs such as text, voice multimodel inputs such as text, voice multimodel inputs such as text, voice and images. And Apple Siri uses Ajax LLM and images. And Apple Siri uses Ajax LLM and images. And Apple Siri uses Ajax LLM improving in language but still rule improving in language but still rule improving in language but still rule based and limited. So Alexa plus leads based and limited. So Alexa plus leads based and limited. So Alexa plus leads in proactive AI while GPT4 dominates in in proactive AI while GPT4 dominates in in proactive AI while GPT4 dominates in conversation. Next let us compare it in conversation. Next let us compare it in conversation. Next let us compare it in terms of personalization and memory. So terms of personalization and memory. So terms of personalization and memory. So can the assistant remember your can the assistant remember your can the assistant remember your preferences and adapt? Let us see. So preferences and adapt? Let us see. So preferences and adapt? Let us see. So Alexa plus long-term memory of routines, Alexa plus long-term memory of routines, Alexa plus long-term memory of routines, preferences and contextual adaption. preferences and contextual adaption. preferences and contextual adaption. Charge voice limited memory resets after Charge voice limited memory resets after Charge voice limited memory resets after sessions. Whereas Google assistants sessions. Whereas Google assistants sessions. Whereas Google assistants remembers preferences inside Google apps remembers preferences inside Google apps remembers preferences inside Google apps but lacks deep personalizations. Apple but lacks deep personalizations. Apple but lacks deep personalizations. Apple Siri is minimal memory. Mostly relies on Siri is minimal memory. Mostly relies on Siri is minimal memory. Mostly relies on Apple's preset commands. So, Alexa Plus Apple's preset commands. So, Alexa Plus Apple's preset commands. So, Alexa Plus leads in remembering and adapting to leads in remembering and adapting to leads in remembering and adapting to users. Next is the proactive and users. Next is the proactive and users. Next is the proactive and autonomous task execution. So, can it autonomous task execution. So, can it autonomous task execution. So, can it handle task on its own? Let's see. Alexa handle task on its own? Let's see. Alexa handle task on its own? Let's see. Alexa plus uses agentic AI for multi-step plus uses agentic AI for multi-step plus uses agentic AI for multi-step automation. For example, booking, automation. For example, booking, automation. For example, booking, ordering, and reminders. Chat GP voice ordering, and reminders. Chat GP voice ordering, and reminders. Chat GP voice assist with planning but can't perform assist with planning but can't perform assist with planning but can't perform real world automation. Google Assistants real world automation. Google Assistants real world automation. Google Assistants can set reminders and retrieve can set reminders and retrieve can set reminders and retrieve information but lacks deep automation information but lacks deep automation information but lacks deep automation whereas Apple Siri limited to commands whereas Apple Siri limited to commands whereas Apple Siri limited to commands relies on shortcuts for basic relies on shortcuts for basic relies on shortcuts for basic automation. So here the Alexa plus is automation. So here the Alexa plus is automation. So here the Alexa plus is the most proactive handling task the most proactive handling task the most proactive handling task automatically. Next is the ecosystem and automatically. Next is the ecosystem and automatically. Next is the ecosystem and third party integration. How well does third party integration. How well does third party integration. How well does it work with other devices and apps? it work with other devices and apps? it work with other devices and apps? Well, Alexa plus is best for smartome Well, Alexa plus is best for smartome Well, Alexa plus is best for smartome such as Amazon Eco Ring third party such as Amazon Eco Ring third party such as Amazon Eco Ring third party integrations. Chantity voice can connect integrations. Chantity voice can connect integrations. Chantity voice can connect to some external tools but no smart home to some external tools but no smart home to some external tools but no smart home control. Google assistance is deep control. Google assistance is deep control. Google assistance is deep integration with Google apps and integration with Google apps and integration with Google apps and services whereas Apple Siri is limited services whereas Apple Siri is limited services whereas Apple Siri is limited to Apple devices with minimal third to Apple devices with minimal third to Apple devices with minimal third party support. So here again Alexa plus party support. So here again Alexa plus party support. So here again Alexa plus and Google Assistant lead but Alexa has and Google Assistant lead but Alexa has and Google Assistant lead but Alexa has better smart home control and finally better smart home control and finally better smart home control and finally conversational abilities. So how natural conversational abilities. So how natural conversational abilities. So how natural and humanlike are the conversations? and humanlike are the conversations? and humanlike are the conversations? Alexa plus is natural, expressive and Alexa plus is natural, expressive and Alexa plus is natural, expressive and context aware. Chat GPD voice is best context aware. Chat GPD voice is best context aware. Chat GPD voice is best for deep intelligent conversations. for deep intelligent conversations. for deep intelligent conversations. Google assistance is accurate but more Google assistance is accurate but more Google assistance is accurate but more search focused. Apple series still search focused. Apple series still search focused. Apple series still command based with limited depth. So command based with limited depth. So command based with limited depth. So chat GPD voice is best for deep chat GPD voice is best for deep chat GPD voice is best for deep conversations but Alexa plus is most conversations but Alexa plus is most conversations but Alexa plus is most natural for voice interactions. So now natural for voice interactions. So now natural for voice interactions. So now let us see the future of AI assistance. let us see the future of AI assistance. let us see the future of AI assistance. Let's see what's next. So here we have Let's see what's next. So here we have Let's see what's next. So here we have smarter AI memory. assistants will smarter AI memory. assistants will smarter AI memory. assistants will remember and personalized even better. remember and personalized even better. remember and personalized even better. Next, more autonomy. AI will handle Next, more autonomy. AI will handle Next, more autonomy. AI will handle complex multi-step task independently. complex multi-step task independently. complex multi-step task independently. And then more humanlike conversations. And then more humanlike conversations. And then more humanlike conversations. AI will feel more natural and intuitive. AI will feel more natural and intuitive. AI will feel more natural and intuitive. Next, seamless integration. AI will Next, seamless integration. AI will Next, seamless integration. AI will connect effortlessly across devices and connect effortlessly across devices and connect effortlessly across devices and services. Next, realtime decision services. Next, realtime decision services. Next, realtime decision making. AI will anticipate needs and making. AI will anticipate needs and making. AI will anticipate needs and offer proactive help. So Alexa plus is offer proactive help. So Alexa plus is offer proactive help. So Alexa plus is best for automation, memory and smart best for automation, memory and smart best for automation, memory and smart home control. Whereas chative voice is home control. Whereas chative voice is home control. Whereas chative voice is best for deep intelligent conversation. best for deep intelligent conversation. best for deep intelligent conversation. Google assistance is best for search and Google assistance is best for search and Google assistance is best for search and Google productivity. Whereas Apple Siri Google productivity. Whereas Apple Siri Google productivity. Whereas Apple Siri is best for Apple users but still is best for Apple users but still is best for Apple users but still limited in AI features. And Alexa plus limited in AI features. And Alexa plus limited in AI features. And Alexa plus is not just an upgraded. It's a is not just an upgraded. It's a is not just an upgraded. It's a redefinition of AI assistance with redefinition of AI assistance with redefinition of AI assistance with generative AI and agentic AI for smarter generative AI and agentic AI for smarter generative AI and agentic AI for smarter proactive help. So what do you think? proactive help. So what do you think? proactive help. So what do you think? Which AI assistance is your favorite? Which AI assistance is your favorite? Which AI assistance is your favorite? Let me know in the comments below. AI is no longer just responding. It's AI is no longer just responding. It's AI is no longer just responding. It's acting, planning, and automating entire acting, planning, and automating entire acting, planning, and automating entire workflows. Welcome to the era of agentic workflows. Welcome to the era of agentic workflows. Welcome to the era of agentic AI, where AI agents can write code, run AI, where AI agents can write code, run AI, where AI agents can write code, run businesses, and make decisions without businesses, and make decisions without businesses, and make decisions without human input. By 2030, AI automation is human input. By 2030, AI automation is human input. By 2030, AI automation is projected to be a $200 billion industry. projected to be a $200 billion industry. projected to be a $200 billion industry. And those who master agentic AI tools And those who master agentic AI tools And those who master agentic AI tools like AutoGPT, Devon AI and Langchain like AutoGPT, Devon AI and Langchain like AutoGPT, Devon AI and Langchain will lead the future. Now let's dive will lead the future. Now let's dive will lead the future. Now let's dive into the ultimate road map to mastering into the ultimate road map to mastering into the ultimate road map to mastering agentic AI. So first let's see how you agentic AI. So first let's see how you agentic AI. So first let's see how you can build a strong foundation in can build a strong foundation in can build a strong foundation in generative AI. To truly master agentic generative AI. To truly master agentic generative AI. To truly master agentic AI, you need a strong foundation in AI, you need a strong foundation in AI, you need a strong foundation in generative AI. Understanding how AI generative AI. Understanding how AI generative AI. Understanding how AI models work, their evolution, and their models work, their evolution, and their models work, their evolution, and their impact on automation. So start by impact on automation. So start by impact on automation. So start by exploring how AI has evolved from exploring how AI has evolved from exploring how AI has evolved from rule-based systems to advanced models rule-based systems to advanced models rule-based systems to advanced models like chart GPD, autogen. like chart GPD, autogen. like chart GPD, autogen. You can check out Edureka's video on You can check out Edureka's video on You can check out Edureka's video on what is generative AI and generative AI what is generative AI and generative AI what is generative AI and generative AI examples for valuable insights into the examples for valuable insights into the examples for valuable insights into the fundamentals of generative AI, its real fundamentals of generative AI, its real fundamentals of generative AI, its real world applications and how it is world applications and how it is world applications and how it is transforming various industries. So transforming various industries. So transforming various industries. So first understand the core concepts of first understand the core concepts of first understand the core concepts of agentic AI where AI can perceive, plan agentic AI where AI can perceive, plan agentic AI where AI can perceive, plan and act independently to automate and act independently to automate and act independently to automate complex workflows. Next learn about real complex workflows. Next learn about real complex workflows. Next learn about real world applications such as business world applications such as business world applications such as business automation, AI powered software automation, AI powered software automation, AI powered software engineering and autonomous research engineering and autonomous research engineering and autonomous research agents. And to deepen your knowledge, agents. And to deepen your knowledge, agents. And to deepen your knowledge, familiarize yourself with the key AI familiarize yourself with the key AI familiarize yourself with the key AI models like GPD4 Turbo, CL AI, Gemini, models like GPD4 Turbo, CL AI, Gemini, models like GPD4 Turbo, CL AI, Gemini, and Mistral. And stay updated on multi- and Mistral. And stay updated on multi- and Mistral. And stay updated on multi- aent systems and self-improving AI aent systems and self-improving AI aent systems and self-improving AI trends. And for hands-on exploration, trends. And for hands-on exploration, trends. And for hands-on exploration, leverage open AI's API, Clut AI, and leverage open AI's API, Clut AI, and leverage open AI's API, Clut AI, and Llama 3, or experiment with different AI Llama 3, or experiment with different AI Llama 3, or experiment with different AI models on hugging face spaces. models on hugging face spaces. models on hugging face spaces. You can also stay updated with AI You can also stay updated with AI You can also stay updated with AI research papers from archive and hugging research papers from archive and hugging research papers from archive and hugging feed to keep up with the latest feed to keep up with the latest feed to keep up with the latest breakthroughs. Edureka's generative AI breakthroughs. Edureka's generative AI breakthroughs. Edureka's generative AI certification and training will teach certification and training will teach certification and training will teach you Python programming, data science, you Python programming, data science, you Python programming, data science, artificial intelligence, natural artificial intelligence, natural artificial intelligence, natural language processing and so many other language processing and so many other language processing and so many other updated technologies that a beginner or updated technologies that a beginner or updated technologies that a beginner or advanced learners is seeking. And by advanced learners is seeking. And by advanced learners is seeking. And by understanding this concepts and understanding this concepts and understanding this concepts and experimenting with these tools, you will experimenting with these tools, you will experimenting with these tools, you will have a strong foundation to start have a strong foundation to start have a strong foundation to start working with agentic AI. Next, let's working with agentic AI. Next, let's working with agentic AI. Next, let's dive into the programming for AI. To dive into the programming for AI. To dive into the programming for AI. To build and experiment with agentic AI, build and experiment with agentic AI, build and experiment with agentic AI, you need to understand the fundamentals you need to understand the fundamentals you need to understand the fundamentals of programming, especially in Python, of programming, especially in Python, of programming, especially in Python, which is backbone of AI development. which is backbone of AI development. which is backbone of AI development. Start by learning Python basics, Start by learning Python basics, Start by learning Python basics, focusing on data structures, loops, focusing on data structures, loops, focusing on data structures, loops, functions, and object-oriented functions, and object-oriented functions, and object-oriented programming. programming. programming. Then explore essential AI and machine Then explore essential AI and machine Then explore essential AI and machine learning libraries like NumPy and Pandas learning libraries like NumPy and Pandas learning libraries like NumPy and Pandas for data manipulation. Mplot lib and for data manipulation. Mplot lib and for data manipulation. Mplot lib and seabborn for data visualization and seabborn for data visualization and seabborn for data visualization and tensorflow and pytorch for deep tensorflow and pytorch for deep tensorflow and pytorch for deep learning. To work with AI agents, you learning. To work with AI agents, you learning. To work with AI agents, you must also understand API interactions as must also understand API interactions as must also understand API interactions as most AI tools like open AAI's API lang most AI tools like open AAI's API lang most AI tools like open AAI's API lang chain and hugging face models require chain and hugging face models require chain and hugging face models require API calls. Additionally, learning API calls. Additionally, learning API calls. Additionally, learning automation with fast API flask and web automation with fast API flask and web automation with fast API flask and web scraping can help you integrate AI into scraping can help you integrate AI into scraping can help you integrate AI into real world applications. For hands-on real world applications. For hands-on real world applications. For hands-on practice, start small projects like practice, start small projects like practice, start small projects like building a chatbot, creating an AI building a chatbot, creating an AI building a chatbot, creating an AI powered summarizer or automating data powered summarizer or automating data powered summarizer or automating data analysis. You can also explore Edurea's analysis. You can also explore Edurea's analysis. You can also explore Edurea's Python training and certification course Python training and certification course Python training and certification course designed by industry experts where you designed by industry experts where you designed by industry experts where you will learn Python from scratch along will learn Python from scratch along will learn Python from scratch along with key libraries like NumPy, Pandas, with key libraries like NumPy, Pandas, with key libraries like NumPy, Pandas, Mattplot, Lib and Scikitlearn through Mattplot, Lib and Scikitlearn through Mattplot, Lib and Scikitlearn through hands-on project and real world hands-on project and real world hands-on project and real world applications. With this powerful applications. With this powerful applications. With this powerful promptic techniques and tools, you will promptic techniques and tools, you will promptic techniques and tools, you will be able to optimize AI responses and be able to optimize AI responses and be able to optimize AI responses and unlock the full potential of agentic AI. unlock the full potential of agentic AI. unlock the full potential of agentic AI. To leverage agentic AI, start To leverage agentic AI, start To leverage agentic AI, start experimenting with cuttingedge tools experimenting with cuttingedge tools experimenting with cuttingedge tools that enable autonomous workflows. Auto that enable autonomous workflows. Auto that enable autonomous workflows. Auto GPT and Crew AI allows you to create GPT and Crew AI allows you to create GPT and Crew AI allows you to create multi- aent AI systems where AI agents multi- aent AI systems where AI agents multi- aent AI systems where AI agents collaborate to complete task. Baby AGI collaborate to complete task. Baby AGI collaborate to complete task. Baby AGI is perfect for automated research and is perfect for automated research and is perfect for automated research and decision-m helping AI iterate on task decision-m helping AI iterate on task decision-m helping AI iterate on task dynamically. Daving AI, the first AI dynamically. Daving AI, the first AI dynamically. Daving AI, the first AI software engineer, showcases how AI can software engineer, showcases how AI can software engineer, showcases how AI can independently write, debug, and deploy independently write, debug, and deploy independently write, debug, and deploy code for hands-on learning. Build real code for hands-on learning. Build real code for hands-on learning. Build real world projects like AI powered world projects like AI powered world projects like AI powered automation assistance, autonomous automation assistance, autonomous automation assistance, autonomous research tools, or self-improving research tools, or self-improving research tools, or self-improving chatbots to see agentic AI in action. By chatbots to see agentic AI in action. By chatbots to see agentic AI in action. By working with these tools, you will working with these tools, you will working with these tools, you will understand how AI can move beyond just understand how AI can move beyond just understand how AI can move beyond just responding to acting intelligently and responding to acting intelligently and responding to acting intelligently and autonomously. autonomously. autonomously. Next, explore lang chain and rack. Next, explore lang chain and rack. Next, explore lang chain and rack. Powerful tools that give AI the ability Powerful tools that give AI the ability Powerful tools that give AI the ability to retrieve real-time information, to retrieve real-time information, to retrieve real-time information, process external data, and enhance process external data, and enhance process external data, and enhance decision making to build more powerful decision making to build more powerful decision making to build more powerful and contextaware AI applications. and contextaware AI applications. and contextaware AI applications. Understanding lang and rack is Understanding lang and rack is Understanding lang and rack is essential. Langchain is must learn essential. Langchain is must learn essential. Langchain is must learn framework that enables seamless framework that enables seamless framework that enables seamless integration of LLMs with external data integration of LLMs with external data integration of LLMs with external data sources allowing AI agents to interact sources allowing AI agents to interact sources allowing AI agents to interact with APIs, databases, and documents. Rag with APIs, databases, and documents. Rag with APIs, databases, and documents. Rag enhances AI models by providing memory enhances AI models by providing memory enhances AI models by providing memory and real-time knowledge retrieval, and real-time knowledge retrieval, and real-time knowledge retrieval, making responses more accurate and making responses more accurate and making responses more accurate and upto-date. For hands-on learning, try upto-date. For hands-on learning, try upto-date. For hands-on learning, try building your own AI chatbot with lang building your own AI chatbot with lang building your own AI chatbot with lang capable of retrieving real-time capable of retrieving real-time capable of retrieving real-time information instead of relying on static information instead of relying on static information instead of relying on static training data. A great project idea to training data. A great project idea to training data. A great project idea to explore is an AI powered research explore is an AI powered research explore is an AI powered research assistant capable of summarizing papers, assistant capable of summarizing papers, assistant capable of summarizing papers, fetching real world data, and answering fetching real world data, and answering fetching real world data, and answering domain specific questions. And to dive domain specific questions. And to dive domain specific questions. And to dive deeper, check out our dedicated video on deeper, check out our dedicated video on deeper, check out our dedicated video on lang chain and rag where we cover lang chain and rag where we cover lang chain and rag where we cover everything in detail. Next, here are the everything in detail. Next, here are the everything in detail. Next, here are the extra tips for your success. To excel in extra tips for your success. To excel in extra tips for your success. To excel in agentic AI, consistent practice and agentic AI, consistent practice and agentic AI, consistent practice and community engagement are key. So, start community engagement are key. So, start community engagement are key. So, start by pushing your AI projects to GitHub by pushing your AI projects to GitHub by pushing your AI projects to GitHub and using version control like Git to and using version control like Git to and using version control like Git to track your progress and collaborate. track your progress and collaborate. track your progress and collaborate. Join AI communities on Discord, Twitter, Join AI communities on Discord, Twitter, Join AI communities on Discord, Twitter, and HuggingFace spaces where you can and HuggingFace spaces where you can and HuggingFace spaces where you can interact with experts and stay updated interact with experts and stay updated interact with experts and stay updated on trends and get feedback on your work. on trends and get feedback on your work. on trends and get feedback on your work. Take advantages of AI internships and Take advantages of AI internships and Take advantages of AI internships and opensource projects to gain real world opensource projects to gain real world opensource projects to gain real world experience and build a strong portfolio. experience and build a strong portfolio. experience and build a strong portfolio. Also, stay updated by regularly reading Also, stay updated by regularly reading Also, stay updated by regularly reading AI research papers on archive and Google AI research papers on archive and Google AI research papers on archive and Google Scholar, keeping up with the latest Scholar, keeping up with the latest Scholar, keeping up with the latest advancements in multi- aent AI and advancements in multi- aent AI and advancements in multi- aent AI and automation. automation. automation. And by following these extra tips, you And by following these extra tips, you And by following these extra tips, you will accelerate your AI learning with will accelerate your AI learning with will accelerate your AI learning with career growth. Think about this. Instead of you doing Think about this. Instead of you doing Think about this. Instead of you doing all your work, you have a machine to all your work, you have a machine to all your work, you have a machine to finish it for you or it can do something finish it for you or it can do something finish it for you or it can do something which you thought was not possible. For which you thought was not possible. For which you thought was not possible. For instance, predicting the future like instance, predicting the future like instance, predicting the future like predicting earthquakes, tsunamis so that predicting earthquakes, tsunamis so that predicting earthquakes, tsunamis so that preventive measures can be taken to save preventive measures can be taken to save preventive measures can be taken to save lives. chat bots, virtual personal lives. chat bots, virtual personal lives. chat bots, virtual personal assistants like Siri in iPhones, Google assistants like Siri in iPhones, Google assistants like Siri in iPhones, Google Assistant and believe me, it is getting Assistant and believe me, it is getting Assistant and believe me, it is getting smarter day by day with deep learning smarter day by day with deep learning smarter day by day with deep learning self-driving cars. It will be a blessing self-driving cars. It will be a blessing self-driving cars. It will be a blessing for elderly people and disabled people for elderly people and disabled people for elderly people and disabled people who find it difficult to drive on their who find it difficult to drive on their who find it difficult to drive on their own and on top of that it can also avoid own and on top of that it can also avoid own and on top of that it can also avoid a lot of accidents that happen due to a lot of accidents that happen due to a lot of accidents that happen due to human error. Google AI eye doctor. So human error. Google AI eye doctor. So human error. Google AI eye doctor. So this is a recent initiative by Google this is a recent initiative by Google this is a recent initiative by Google where Google is working with an Indian where Google is working with an Indian where Google is working with an Indian eye care chain to develop an AI software eye care chain to develop an AI software eye care chain to develop an AI software which can examine retina scans to which can examine retina scans to which can examine retina scans to identify a condition called diabetic identify a condition called diabetic identify a condition called diabetic retinopathy which can cause blindness. retinopathy which can cause blindness. retinopathy which can cause blindness. AI music composer. Who thought that we AI music composer. Who thought that we AI music composer. Who thought that we can have an AI music composer using deep can have an AI music composer using deep can have an AI music composer using deep learning? And maybe in the coming years learning? And maybe in the coming years learning? And maybe in the coming years even machines will start winning even machines will start winning even machines will start winning Grammys. And one of my favorites, a Grammys. And one of my favorites, a Grammys. And one of my favorites, a dream reading machine with so many dream reading machine with so many dream reading machine with so many unrealistic applications of AI and deep unrealistic applications of AI and deep unrealistic applications of AI and deep learning that we have seen so far. I was learning that we have seen so far. I was learning that we have seen so far. I was wondering that whether we can capture wondering that whether we can capture wondering that whether we can capture dreams in the form of a video or dreams in the form of a video or dreams in the form of a video or something. And I wasn't surprised to something. And I wasn't surprised to something. And I wasn't surprised to find out that this was tried in Japan a find out that this was tried in Japan a find out that this was tried in Japan a few years back on three test subjects few years back on three test subjects few years back on three test subjects and they were able to achieve close to and they were able to achieve close to and they were able to achieve close to 60% accuracy and that is amazing. But 60% accuracy and that is amazing. But 60% accuracy and that is amazing. But I'm not sure that whether people would I'm not sure that whether people would I'm not sure that whether people would want to be a test subject for this or want to be a test subject for this or want to be a test subject for this or not because it can reveal all your not because it can reveal all your not because it can reveal all your dreams. Great. So this sets the base for dreams. Great. So this sets the base for dreams. Great. So this sets the base for you and we are ready to understand what you and we are ready to understand what you and we are ready to understand what is artificial intelligence. Artificial is artificial intelligence. Artificial is artificial intelligence. Artificial intelligence is nothing but the intelligence is nothing but the intelligence is nothing but the capability of a machine to imitate capability of a machine to imitate capability of a machine to imitate intelligent human behavior. AI is intelligent human behavior. AI is intelligent human behavior. AI is achieved by mimicking a human brain by achieved by mimicking a human brain by achieved by mimicking a human brain by understanding how it thinks, how it understanding how it thinks, how it understanding how it thinks, how it learns and work while trying to solve a learns and work while trying to solve a learns and work while trying to solve a problem. For example, a machine playing problem. For example, a machine playing problem. For example, a machine playing chess or a voice activated software chess or a voice activated software chess or a voice activated software which helps you with various things in which helps you with various things in which helps you with various things in your phone or a number plate recognition your phone or a number plate recognition your phone or a number plate recognition system which captures the number plate system which captures the number plate system which captures the number plate of an oversp speeding car and processes of an oversp speeding car and processes of an oversp speeding car and processes it to extract the registration number it to extract the registration number it to extract the registration number and identify the owner of the car so and identify the owner of the car so and identify the owner of the car so that he can be charged and all of these that he can be charged and all of these that he can be charged and all of these wasn't very easy to implement before wasn't very easy to implement before wasn't very easy to implement before deep learning. Now let's understand the deep learning. Now let's understand the deep learning. Now let's understand the various subsets of artificial various subsets of artificial various subsets of artificial intelligence. So till now you'd have intelligence. So till now you'd have intelligence. So till now you'd have heard a lot about artificial heard a lot about artificial heard a lot about artificial intelligence, machine learning and deep intelligence, machine learning and deep intelligence, machine learning and deep learning. However, do you know the learning. However, do you know the learning. However, do you know the relationship between all three of them? relationship between all three of them? relationship between all three of them? So deep learning is a sub field of a sub So deep learning is a sub field of a sub So deep learning is a sub field of a sub field of artificial intelligence. So it field of artificial intelligence. So it field of artificial intelligence. So it is a sub field of machine learning which is a sub field of machine learning which is a sub field of machine learning which is a sub field of artificial is a sub field of artificial is a sub field of artificial intelligence. So when we look at intelligence. So when we look at intelligence. So when we look at something like Alph Go, it is often something like Alph Go, it is often something like Alph Go, it is often portrayed as a big success for deep portrayed as a big success for deep portrayed as a big success for deep learning. But it's actually a learning. But it's actually a learning. But it's actually a combination of ideas from several combination of ideas from several combination of ideas from several different areas of AI and machine different areas of AI and machine different areas of AI and machine learning like deep learning, learning like deep learning, learning like deep learning, reinforcement learning, self-play etc. reinforcement learning, self-play etc. reinforcement learning, self-play etc. And the idea behind deep neural networks And the idea behind deep neural networks And the idea behind deep neural networks is not new but it dates back to 1950s. is not new but it dates back to 1950s. is not new but it dates back to 1950s. However, it became possible to However, it became possible to However, it became possible to practically implement it only when we practically implement it only when we practically implement it only when we had the new high-end resource had the new high-end resource had the new high-end resource capability. So I hope that you have capability. So I hope that you have capability. So I hope that you have understood what is artificial understood what is artificial understood what is artificial intelligence. So let's explore machine intelligence. So let's explore machine intelligence. So let's explore machine learning followed by its limitations. learning followed by its limitations. learning followed by its limitations. So machine learning is a subset of So machine learning is a subset of So machine learning is a subset of artificial intelligence which provide artificial intelligence which provide artificial intelligence which provide computers with the ability to learn computers with the ability to learn computers with the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed. In without being explicitly programmed. In without being explicitly programmed. In machine learning, we do not have to machine learning, we do not have to machine learning, we do not have to define all the steps or conditions like define all the steps or conditions like define all the steps or conditions like any other programming application. any other programming application. any other programming application. However, we have to train the machine on However, we have to train the machine on However, we have to train the machine on a training data set large enough to a training data set large enough to a training data set large enough to create a model which helps the machine create a model which helps the machine create a model which helps the machine to take decisions based on its learning. to take decisions based on its learning. to take decisions based on its learning. For example, if we have to determine the For example, if we have to determine the For example, if we have to determine the species of a flower using machine, then species of a flower using machine, then species of a flower using machine, then first we need to train the machine using first we need to train the machine using first we need to train the machine using a flower data set which contains various a flower data set which contains various a flower data set which contains various characteristics of different flowers characteristics of different flowers characteristics of different flowers along with the respective species as you along with the respective species as you along with the respective species as you can see here in the image. We have got can see here in the image. We have got can see here in the image. We have got the sele length, sele width, petal the sele length, sele width, petal the sele length, sele width, petal length, petal width and the species of length, petal width and the species of length, petal width and the species of the flower too. So using this input data the flower too. So using this input data the flower too. So using this input data set, the machine will create a model set, the machine will create a model set, the machine will create a model which can be used to classify a flower. which can be used to classify a flower. which can be used to classify a flower. Next, we'll pass on a set of Next, we'll pass on a set of Next, we'll pass on a set of characteristics as input to the model characteristics as input to the model characteristics as input to the model and it will output the name of the and it will output the name of the and it will output the name of the flower. And this process of training a flower. And this process of training a flower. And this process of training a machine to create a model and use it for machine to create a model and use it for machine to create a model and use it for decision making is called machine decision making is called machine decision making is called machine learning. However, this process had some learning. However, this process had some learning. However, this process had some limitations. Machine learning is not limitations. Machine learning is not limitations. Machine learning is not capable of handling highdimensional data capable of handling highdimensional data capable of handling highdimensional data that is where input and output is large that is where input and output is large that is where input and output is large and it is present in multiple dimensions and it is present in multiple dimensions and it is present in multiple dimensions and handling and processing such a data and handling and processing such a data and handling and processing such a data becomes very complex and resource becomes very complex and resource becomes very complex and resource exhaustive and this is termed as the exhaustive and this is termed as the exhaustive and this is termed as the curse of dimensionality. curse of dimensionality. curse of dimensionality. So to understand this in simpler terms, So to understand this in simpler terms, So to understand this in simpler terms, let us consider a line of 100 yards and let us consider a line of 100 yards and let us consider a line of 100 yards and let us assume that you dropped the coin let us assume that you dropped the coin let us assume that you dropped the coin somewhere in the line. You'll easily somewhere in the line. You'll easily somewhere in the line. You'll easily find the coin by simply walking on the find the coin by simply walking on the find the coin by simply walking on the line. A lion is a single dimension line. A lion is a single dimension line. A lion is a single dimension entity. Now let's consider that you have entity. Now let's consider that you have entity. Now let's consider that you have got a square of side 100 yard each and got a square of side 100 yard each and got a square of side 100 yard each and you dropped a coin somewhere inside the you dropped a coin somewhere inside the you dropped a coin somewhere inside the square. Now definitely you'll take more square. Now definitely you'll take more square. Now definitely you'll take more time to find the coin within that time to find the coin within that time to find the coin within that square. A square is a two-dimensional square. A square is a two-dimensional square. A square is a two-dimensional entity. Now let's take it a step ahead entity. Now let's take it a step ahead entity. Now let's take it a step ahead and consider a cube of side 100 yards and consider a cube of side 100 yards and consider a cube of side 100 yards each and you dropped a coin somewhere each and you dropped a coin somewhere each and you dropped a coin somewhere inside the cube. Now it is even more inside the cube. Now it is even more inside the cube. Now it is even more difficult to find the coin. So if we see difficult to find the coin. So if we see difficult to find the coin. So if we see that the complexity is increasing as the that the complexity is increasing as the that the complexity is increasing as the dimensions are increasing and in real dimensions are increasing and in real dimensions are increasing and in real life the highdimensional data that we're life the highdimensional data that we're life the highdimensional data that we're talking about has got many dimensions talking about has got many dimensions talking about has got many dimensions which makes it very very complex to which makes it very very complex to which makes it very very complex to handle and process. The highdimensional handle and process. The highdimensional handle and process. The highdimensional data can be easily found in use cases data can be easily found in use cases data can be easily found in use cases like image processing, natural language like image processing, natural language like image processing, natural language processing, image translation etc. and processing, image translation etc. and processing, image translation etc. and machine learning was not capable of machine learning was not capable of machine learning was not capable of solving this use cases and hence deep solving this use cases and hence deep solving this use cases and hence deep learning came to the rescue. So deep learning came to the rescue. So deep learning came to the rescue. So deep learning is capable of handling the learning is capable of handling the learning is capable of handling the highdimensional data and is also highdimensional data and is also highdimensional data and is also efficient in focusing on the right efficient in focusing on the right efficient in focusing on the right features on its own. And this process is features on its own. And this process is features on its own. And this process is called feature extraction. Now let's try called feature extraction. Now let's try called feature extraction. Now let's try and understand how deep learning works. and understand how deep learning works. and understand how deep learning works. So in an attempt to re-engineer a human So in an attempt to re-engineer a human So in an attempt to re-engineer a human brain, deep learning studies the basic brain, deep learning studies the basic brain, deep learning studies the basic unit of a brain called a brain cell or a unit of a brain called a brain cell or a unit of a brain called a brain cell or a neuron and inspired from a neuron an neuron and inspired from a neuron an neuron and inspired from a neuron an artificial neuron or a perceptron was artificial neuron or a perceptron was artificial neuron or a perceptron was developed. So if we focus on the developed. So if we focus on the developed. So if we focus on the structure of a biological neuron, it has structure of a biological neuron, it has structure of a biological neuron, it has got dendrites and these are used to got dendrites and these are used to got dendrites and these are used to receive inputs and these inputs are receive inputs and these inputs are receive inputs and these inputs are summed up inside the cell body and using summed up inside the cell body and using summed up inside the cell body and using the axon it is passed on to the next the axon it is passed on to the next the axon it is passed on to the next biological neuron. So similarly a biological neuron. So similarly a biological neuron. So similarly a perceptron receives multiple inputs perceptron receives multiple inputs perceptron receives multiple inputs applies various transformations and applies various transformations and applies various transformations and functions and provides an output. As we functions and provides an output. As we functions and provides an output. As we know that our brain consists of multiple know that our brain consists of multiple know that our brain consists of multiple connected neurons called neural network. connected neurons called neural network. connected neurons called neural network. We can also have a network of artificial We can also have a network of artificial We can also have a network of artificial neurons called perceptrons to form a neurons called perceptrons to form a neurons called perceptrons to form a deep neural network. Let's understand deep neural network. Let's understand deep neural network. Let's understand how a deep neural network looks like. So how a deep neural network looks like. So how a deep neural network looks like. So any deep neural network will consist of any deep neural network will consist of any deep neural network will consist of three types of layers. the input layer, three types of layers. the input layer, three types of layers. the input layer, the hidden layer and the output layer. the hidden layer and the output layer. the hidden layer and the output layer. So if you see in the diagram, the first So if you see in the diagram, the first So if you see in the diagram, the first layer is the input layer which receives layer is the input layer which receives layer is the input layer which receives all the inputs. The last layer is the all the inputs. The last layer is the all the inputs. The last layer is the output layer which gives the desired output layer which gives the desired output layer which gives the desired output. And all the layers in between output. And all the layers in between output. And all the layers in between these layers are called hidden layers. these layers are called hidden layers. these layers are called hidden layers. And there can be n number of hidden And there can be n number of hidden And there can be n number of hidden layers thanks to the high-end resources layers thanks to the high-end resources layers thanks to the high-end resources available these days. And the number of available these days. And the number of available these days. And the number of hidden layers and the number of hidden layers and the number of hidden layers and the number of perceptrons in each layer will be perceptrons in each layer will be perceptrons in each layer will be entirely dependent on the use case that entirely dependent on the use case that entirely dependent on the use case that you're trying to solve. you're trying to solve. you're trying to solve. And there is mechanics to decide the And there is mechanics to decide the And there is mechanics to decide the number of hidden layers. However, we'll number of hidden layers. However, we'll number of hidden layers. However, we'll not get into that in this session. Now, not get into that in this session. Now, not get into that in this session. Now, since you have a picture of deep neural since you have a picture of deep neural since you have a picture of deep neural network, let's try to get a highle view network, let's try to get a highle view network, let's try to get a highle view of how deep neural network solves a of how deep neural network solves a of how deep neural network solves a problem. For example, we want to perform problem. For example, we want to perform problem. For example, we want to perform image recognition using deep networks. image recognition using deep networks. image recognition using deep networks. So, we'll have to pass this So, we'll have to pass this So, we'll have to pass this highdimensional data to the input layer. highdimensional data to the input layer. highdimensional data to the input layer. And to match the dimensionality of the And to match the dimensionality of the And to match the dimensionality of the input data, the input layer will contain input data, the input layer will contain input data, the input layer will contain multiple sub layers of perceptron so multiple sub layers of perceptron so multiple sub layers of perceptron so that it can consume the entire input. that it can consume the entire input. that it can consume the entire input. And the output received from the input And the output received from the input And the output received from the input layer will contain patterns and will layer will contain patterns and will layer will contain patterns and will only be able to identify the edges and only be able to identify the edges and only be able to identify the edges and images based on the contrast levels. And images based on the contrast levels. And images based on the contrast levels. And this output will be fed to hidden layer this output will be fed to hidden layer this output will be fed to hidden layer 1 where it will be able to identify 1 where it will be able to identify 1 where it will be able to identify various face features like eyes, nose, various face features like eyes, nose, various face features like eyes, nose, ears, etc. Now this will be fed to ears, etc. Now this will be fed to ears, etc. Now this will be fed to hidden layer 2 where it will be able to hidden layer 2 where it will be able to hidden layer 2 where it will be able to form the entire faces and sent to the form the entire faces and sent to the form the entire faces and sent to the output layer to be classified and given output layer to be classified and given output layer to be classified and given a name. Now think if any of this layers a name. Now think if any of this layers a name. Now think if any of this layers is missing or the neural network is not is missing or the neural network is not is missing or the neural network is not deep enough then what will happen? deep enough then what will happen? deep enough then what will happen? Simple we'll not be able to accurately Simple we'll not be able to accurately Simple we'll not be able to accurately identify the images and this is the very identify the images and this is the very identify the images and this is the very reason why these use cases did not have reason why these use cases did not have reason why these use cases did not have a solution all these years prior to deep a solution all these years prior to deep a solution all these years prior to deep learning. So just to take this further, learning. So just to take this further, learning. So just to take this further, we'll try to apply deep network on an we'll try to apply deep network on an we'll try to apply deep network on an MNEST data set. So the MNEST data set MNEST data set. So the MNEST data set MNEST data set. So the MNEST data set consists of 60,000 training samples and consists of 60,000 training samples and consists of 60,000 training samples and 10,000 testing samples of handwritten 10,000 testing samples of handwritten 10,000 testing samples of handwritten digit images. And the task here is to digit images. And the task here is to digit images. And the task here is to train a model which can accurately train a model which can accurately train a model which can accurately identify the digit present on the image. identify the digit present on the image. identify the digit present on the image. And to solve this use case, a deep And to solve this use case, a deep And to solve this use case, a deep network will be created with multiple network will be created with multiple network will be created with multiple hidden layers to process all the 60,000 hidden layers to process all the 60,000 hidden layers to process all the 60,000 images pixel by pixel and finally will images pixel by pixel and finally will images pixel by pixel and finally will receive an output. So the output will be receive an output. So the output will be receive an output. So the output will be an array of index 0 to 9 where each an array of index 0 to 9 where each an array of index 0 to 9 where each index corresponds to the respective index corresponds to the respective index corresponds to the respective digit. So index 0 contains the digit. So index 0 contains the digit. So index 0 contains the probability of 0 being the digit present probability of 0 being the digit present probability of 0 being the digit present on the input image. Similarly, index 2 on the input image. Similarly, index 2 on the input image. Similarly, index 2 which has a value of 0.1 actually which has a value of 0.1 actually which has a value of 0.1 actually represents the probability of two being represents the probability of two being represents the probability of two being the digit present on the input image. So the digit present on the input image. So the digit present on the input image. So if we see that the highest probability if we see that the highest probability if we see that the highest probability in this area is 0.8 which is present at in this area is 0.8 which is present at in this area is 0.8 which is present at seven index of the array. Hence the seven index of the array. Hence the seven index of the array. Hence the number present on the image will be number present on the image will be number present on the image will be seven. So this is how the handwritten seven. So this is how the handwritten seven. So this is how the handwritten image processing happens. Let me image processing happens. Let me image processing happens. Let me practically execute this use case for practically execute this use case for practically execute this use case for you. So this is my PyCharm IDE. First of you. So this is my PyCharm IDE. First of you. So this is my PyCharm IDE. First of all, let me show you the data set. So all, let me show you the data set. So all, let me show you the data set. So this is my emnest data set and it has this is my emnest data set and it has this is my emnest data set and it has got four GZ files which gets extracted got four GZ files which gets extracted got four GZ files which gets extracted when my program gets executed. Now the when my program gets executed. Now the when my program gets executed. Now the program or the deep neural network using program or the deep neural network using program or the deep neural network using which I was able to create a model to which I was able to create a model to which I was able to create a model to process all these images and train my process all these images and train my process all these images and train my machine is this create model_2. machine is this create model_2. machine is this create model_2. py and it's a good lengthy program. So py and it's a good lengthy program. So py and it's a good lengthy program. So I'll not be explaining the entire I'll not be explaining the entire I'll not be explaining the entire program for you. But let me tell you the program for you. But let me tell you the program for you. But let me tell you the technology or the framework with which I technology or the framework with which I technology or the framework with which I was able to implement this. So I've been was able to implement this. So I've been was able to implement this. So I've been using tensorflow which is one of the using tensorflow which is one of the using tensorflow which is one of the open-source Google libraries for deep open-source Google libraries for deep open-source Google libraries for deep learning. And right here I have imported learning. And right here I have imported learning. And right here I have imported tensorflow and then I'm using this mnest tensorflow and then I'm using this mnest tensorflow and then I'm using this mnest data and finally going ahead and data and finally going ahead and data and finally going ahead and creating a deep neural network. So these creating a deep neural network. So these creating a deep neural network. So these all things are here. It is creating a all things are here. It is creating a all things are here. It is creating a deep neural network and the hidden layer deep neural network and the hidden layer deep neural network and the hidden layer that is required to process all these that is required to process all these that is required to process all these images. And finally, I'm creating a images. And finally, I'm creating a images. And finally, I'm creating a model and I'm saving this model with model and I'm saving this model with model and I'm saving this model with this name right here, model 2. CKpt. this name right here, model 2. CKpt. this name right here, model 2. CKpt. Now, if I run this code, it is going to Now, if I run this code, it is going to Now, if I run this code, it is going to take a very long time. So, give it some take a very long time. So, give it some take a very long time. So, give it some time. time. time. It has extracted all the files and it It has extracted all the files and it It has extracted all the files and it has started its training. It is at step has started its training. It is at step has started its training. It is at step zero now. So in order to completely zero now. So in order to completely zero now. So in order to completely train this model, it is going to take train this model, it is going to take train this model, it is going to take 20,000 steps. Let me show you in the 20,000 steps. Let me show you in the 20,000 steps. Let me show you in the program as well. So here it is. So in program as well. So here it is. So in program as well. So here it is. So in here I've set the steps to 20,000. But here I've set the steps to 20,000. But here I've set the steps to 20,000. But you can always configure it to a number you can always configure it to a number you can always configure it to a number that is,000 2,000. However, you'll have that is,000 2,000. However, you'll have that is,000 2,000. However, you'll have to run this code for n number of times to run this code for n number of times to run this code for n number of times so that you can achieve a particular so that you can achieve a particular so that you can achieve a particular accuracy. accuracy. accuracy. So after executing for 20,000 times what So after executing for 20,000 times what So after executing for 20,000 times what happens is a model is created with an happens is a model is created with an happens is a model is created with an accuracy of 92%. accuracy of 92%. accuracy of 92%. So what does it mean? It means that if So what does it mean? It means that if So what does it mean? It means that if you pass a particular image out of 100 you pass a particular image out of 100 you pass a particular image out of 100 images of the model 92 predictions will images of the model 92 predictions will images of the model 92 predictions will be correct. 92 of times this model will be correct. 92 of times this model will be correct. 92 of times this model will be able to tell you the exact number be able to tell you the exact number be able to tell you the exact number that is present on the image. Let's now that is present on the image. Let's now that is present on the image. Let's now wait for this program to execute wait for this program to execute wait for this program to execute completely otherwise we have to wait for completely otherwise we have to wait for completely otherwise we have to wait for ours. So I've already executed it once ours. So I've already executed it once ours. So I've already executed it once and the model is already created. So and the model is already created. So and the model is already created. So what is a model? A model is nothing but what is a model? A model is nothing but what is a model? A model is nothing but a set of files and these three files a set of files and these three files a set of files and these three files along with the checkpoint files. Now along with the checkpoint files. Now along with the checkpoint files. Now there is another code which is there is another code which is there is another code which is predict_2. predict_2. predict_2. py in which I'm restoring the model and py in which I'm restoring the model and py in which I'm restoring the model and let me show you the line where I'm let me show you the line where I'm let me show you the line where I'm restoring it. restoring it. restoring it. So it's right here saver.restore So it's right here saver.restore So it's right here saver.restore model 2.CAP. model 2.CAP. model 2.CAP. So this is the name of my model. So I'm So this is the name of my model. So I'm So this is the name of my model. So I'm restoring my entire model that was restoring my entire model that was restoring my entire model that was created after training of 20,000 steps created after training of 20,000 steps created after training of 20,000 steps on MNEST data set and I'm passing an on MNEST data set and I'm passing an on MNEST data set and I'm passing an image that is 7_o.png. So it is in this folder in the test So it is in this folder in the test So it is in this folder in the test folders. I've got other images and I've folders. I've got other images and I've folders. I've got other images and I've got here 7_o. got here 7_o. got here 7_o. Now this is an image. It's the name of Now this is an image. It's the name of Now this is an image. It's the name of the image. I'm not telling the program the image. I'm not telling the program the image. I'm not telling the program what is the number. So I'll just stop what is the number. So I'll just stop what is the number. So I'll just stop this training now and now I'll execute this training now and now I'll execute this training now and now I'll execute the prediction part where I'm restoring the prediction part where I'm restoring the prediction part where I'm restoring the model and this model will tell me the model and this model will tell me the model and this model will tell me the number the handwritten number that the number the handwritten number that the number the handwritten number that is there in the image. So this was the is there in the image. So this was the is there in the image. So this was the image 7 O and the prediction for this image 7 O and the prediction for this image 7 O and the prediction for this image is 7. So my model was accurately image is 7. So my model was accurately image is 7. So my model was accurately able to identify or predict the number able to identify or predict the number able to identify or predict the number that was there on the handwritten image. that was there on the handwritten image. that was there on the handwritten image. So let me change the image now and let So let me change the image now and let So let me change the image now and let me execute this again just to show you me execute this again just to show you me execute this again just to show you the image. the image. the image. All right, there's one good question All right, there's one good question All right, there's one good question that I would like to take. So Akil asked that I would like to take. So Akil asked that I would like to take. So Akil asked that how are you saving the weight for that how are you saving the weight for that how are you saving the weight for the neural net? Can you show us? Sure, the neural net? Can you show us? Sure, the neural net? Can you show us? Sure, Akil. So in the previous file that I Akil. So in the previous file that I Akil. So in the previous file that I executed, I showed you that I'm using a executed, I showed you that I'm using a executed, I showed you that I'm using a object called saver. And using the saver object called saver. And using the saver object called saver. And using the saver object I can save the entire model and object I can save the entire model and object I can save the entire model and weights are also automatically saved weights are also automatically saved weights are also automatically saved along with this model in the checkpoint along with this model in the checkpoint along with this model in the checkpoint file. So using checkpoint we can file. So using checkpoint we can file. So using checkpoint we can actually reach the final state of the actually reach the final state of the actually reach the final state of the training and then we can use the training and then we can use the training and then we can use the prediction model. I hope that is fine. prediction model. I hope that is fine. prediction model. I hope that is fine. All right. So if you see this seven, All right. So if you see this seven, All right. So if you see this seven, this is a handwritten image. This is this is a handwritten image. This is this is a handwritten image. This is somebody who writes seven like this with somebody who writes seven like this with somebody who writes seven like this with a strike in between. And now I'm passing a strike in between. And now I'm passing a strike in between. And now I'm passing a different image of 7. It's 7_1. a different image of 7. It's 7_1. a different image of 7. It's 7_1. So it's different from the first one. So it's different from the first one. So it's different from the first one. And I'll run this code again. And I'll run this code again. And I'll run this code again. Now this time the seven is different. Now this time the seven is different. Now this time the seven is different. And my machine learning model should be And my machine learning model should be And my machine learning model should be able to predict that this is a seven able to predict that this is a seven able to predict that this is a seven because people write seven in different because people write seven in different because people write seven in different ways. Somebody likes seven like this. ways. Somebody likes seven like this. ways. Somebody likes seven like this. Somebody writes seven and makes it look Somebody writes seven and makes it look Somebody writes seven and makes it look like a one. They make the top part very like a one. They make the top part very like a one. They make the top part very small. So there are different ways of small. So there are different ways of small. So there are different ways of writing seven. So however a machine writing seven. So however a machine writing seven. So however a machine learning model should be capable enough learning model should be capable enough learning model should be capable enough to find out that as well. So let me just to find out that as well. So let me just to find out that as well. So let me just close this and see the prediction. close this and see the prediction. close this and see the prediction. Our model was able to predict the seven Our model was able to predict the seven Our model was able to predict the seven as well and predict the value is seven as well and predict the value is seven as well and predict the value is seven as well. So let me execute it again for as well. So let me execute it again for as well. So let me execute it again for you. you. you. So both the sevens were different but So both the sevens were different but So both the sevens were different but still the prediction is correct for both still the prediction is correct for both still the prediction is correct for both of them. of them. of them. So now let us go back to our So now let us go back to our So now let us go back to our presentation. So after the MNEST presentation. So after the MNEST presentation. So after the MNEST application, let me show you a few more application, let me show you a few more application, let me show you a few more applications of deep learning. The very applications of deep learning. The very applications of deep learning. The very first is face recognition. Let me give first is face recognition. Let me give first is face recognition. Let me give you an example. So all of you are using you an example. So all of you are using you an example. So all of you are using Facebook and you do spend some time on Facebook and you do spend some time on Facebook and you do spend some time on it. So if you remember a few years back it. So if you remember a few years back it. So if you remember a few years back when you used to upload pictures with when you used to upload pictures with when you used to upload pictures with your friends, it makes a box around a your friends, it makes a box around a your friends, it makes a box around a human face with a box appearing at the human face with a box appearing at the human face with a box appearing at the bottom to ask you to type the name of bottom to ask you to type the name of bottom to ask you to type the name of the person to tag him. So it was able to the person to tag him. So it was able to the person to tag him. So it was able to identify that it was a human face. But identify that it was a human face. But identify that it was a human face. But now it is able to autotag. It is not now it is able to autotag. It is not now it is able to autotag. It is not only able to detect faces but also only able to detect faces but also only able to detect faces but also identify who it is. And how is this identify who it is. And how is this identify who it is. And how is this possible? It is only possible using deep possible? It is only possible using deep possible? It is only possible using deep learning. And Facebook also has a deep learning. And Facebook also has a deep learning. And Facebook also has a deep learning library called cafe 2 using learning library called cafe 2 using learning library called cafe 2 using which they have applied all these which they have applied all these which they have applied all these things. The next use case that is things. The next use case that is things. The next use case that is implemented using deep learning is implemented using deep learning is implemented using deep learning is Google lens. This is one of those Google lens. This is one of those Google lens. This is one of those applications that has been recently applications that has been recently applications that has been recently launched for smartphones by Google. What launched for smartphones by Google. What launched for smartphones by Google. What does this app do? You just have to does this app do? You just have to does this app do? You just have to install it, open it, point your camera install it, open it, point your camera install it, open it, point your camera on a particular thing like this flower on a particular thing like this flower on a particular thing like this flower over here and in real time image over here and in real time image over here and in real time image processing happens and Google will get processing happens and Google will get processing happens and Google will get back with the entire details of the back with the entire details of the back with the entire details of the object like the name of the flower where object like the name of the flower where object like the name of the flower where it is found etc etc. So if you point it it is found etc etc. So if you point it it is found etc etc. So if you point it at a building or any shop it will tell at a building or any shop it will tell at a building or any shop it will tell you what kind of a store it is. If it's you what kind of a store it is. If it's you what kind of a store it is. If it's a restaurant it will show you reviews, a restaurant it will show you reviews, a restaurant it will show you reviews, the ratings, menu etc. So what is the ratings, menu etc. So what is the ratings, menu etc. So what is happening here is that in real time you happening here is that in real time you happening here is that in real time you are able to use a deep learning net and are able to use a deep learning net and are able to use a deep learning net and get all the information you want and get all the information you want and get all the information you want and these applications are really amazing these applications are really amazing these applications are really amazing because it directly brings deep learning because it directly brings deep learning because it directly brings deep learning to the end users or the common people. to the end users or the common people. to the end users or the common people. So they can easily use the benefits of So they can easily use the benefits of So they can easily use the benefits of deep learning without worrying about deep learning without worrying about deep learning without worrying about what is happening at the background. The what is happening at the background. The what is happening at the background. The next use case is the machine next use case is the machine next use case is the machine translation. This is again a very translation. This is again a very translation. This is again a very important use case and there is also an important use case and there is also an important use case and there is also an app in play store and this is called a app in play store and this is called a app in play store and this is called a translation app. So here is an image translation app. So here is an image translation app. So here is an image that says more chocolate. that says more chocolate. that says more chocolate. I don't know what it means. I don't even I don't know what it means. I don't even I don't know what it means. I don't even know which language it is. But with this know which language it is. But with this know which language it is. But with this app what you can do is that you can app what you can do is that you can app what you can do is that you can capture the picture of the packet and capture the picture of the packet and capture the picture of the packet and this app will first detect the text in this app will first detect the text in this app will first detect the text in the image then extract the text like the image then extract the text like the image then extract the text like this and then translate it for you. So this and then translate it for you. So this and then translate it for you. So for example it has detected the text for example it has detected the text for example it has detected the text extracted it like this and here it has extracted it like this and here it has extracted it like this and here it has translated morg which means dark and translated morg which means dark and translated morg which means dark and then it writes back again on the image. then it writes back again on the image. then it writes back again on the image. So what is happening in this particular So what is happening in this particular So what is happening in this particular use case is that first an image is use case is that first an image is use case is that first an image is captured. Image processing takes place, captured. Image processing takes place, captured. Image processing takes place, text is extracted through processing and text is extracted through processing and text is extracted through processing and once we have the text, we translate it once we have the text, we translate it once we have the text, we translate it to the desired language which is English to the desired language which is English to the desired language which is English in this case and then again image in this case and then again image in this case and then again image processing happens where we are writing processing happens where we are writing processing happens where we are writing the text on an image again. So more the text on an image again. So more the text on an image again. So more chocolate means dark chocolate. So this chocolate means dark chocolate. So this chocolate means dark chocolate. So this is a really great use case because this is a really great use case because this is a really great use case because this is a combination of multiple learning is a combination of multiple learning is a combination of multiple learning algorithms like CNN and RNN. So these algorithms like CNN and RNN. So these algorithms like CNN and RNN. So these were a few more applications of deep were a few more applications of deep were a few more applications of deep learning. I hope that you found them learning. I hope that you found them learning. I hope that you found them interesting. So first thing which comes to our mind So first thing which comes to our mind So first thing which comes to our mind there have been lot of emphasis on this there have been lot of emphasis on this there have been lot of emphasis on this term called artificial intelligence. So term called artificial intelligence. So term called artificial intelligence. So let's first try to understand that what let's first try to understand that what let's first try to understand that what is artificial intelligence on a very is artificial intelligence on a very is artificial intelligence on a very high level and why we may need it in high level and why we may need it in high level and why we may need it in first place for solving a problem. So first place for solving a problem. So first place for solving a problem. So let's try to understand with an example. let's try to understand with an example. let's try to understand with an example. Person goes to a doctor and he wants to Person goes to a doctor and he wants to Person goes to a doctor and he wants to get checked at whether he got diabetes get checked at whether he got diabetes get checked at whether he got diabetes or not. And what doctor would say is or not. And what doctor would say is or not. And what doctor would say is okay there are some tests which you need okay there are some tests which you need okay there are some tests which you need to get done and based on the test to get done and based on the test to get done and based on the test results doctor would have a look and results doctor would have a look and results doctor would have a look and from his experience from his studies and from his experience from his studies and from his experience from his studies and previous examples the patients he had previous examples the patients he had previous examples the patients he had seen he would be able to evaluate the seen he would be able to evaluate the seen he would be able to evaluate the reports and say that the patient has reports and say that the patient has reports and say that the patient has diabetes or not. So if you just take a diabetes or not. So if you just take a diabetes or not. So if you just take a step back and think I said the doctor step back and think I said the doctor step back and think I said the doctor has experience. So what do we mean by has experience. So what do we mean by has experience. So what do we mean by experience? The doctor has learned what experience? The doctor has learned what experience? The doctor has learned what are the characteristics of somebody are the characteristics of somebody are the characteristics of somebody having diabetes. Will it be possible if having diabetes. Will it be possible if having diabetes. Will it be possible if we can provide this experience in the we can provide this experience in the we can provide this experience in the form of data to a machine and let form of data to a machine and let form of data to a machine and let machine take this decision whether a machine take this decision whether a machine take this decision whether a person has diabetes or not? So the person has diabetes or not? So the person has diabetes or not? So the experience which doctor learned through experience which doctor learned through experience which doctor learned through his studies and his practice what we are his studies and his practice what we are his studies and his practice what we are doing is we are taking customers data doing is we are taking customers data doing is we are taking customers data who have with different reports and who have with different reports and who have with different reports and different parameters on different things different parameters on different things different parameters on different things like the glucose count in blood or the like the glucose count in blood or the like the glucose count in blood or the weight and height and all these weight and height and all these weight and height and all these parameters about a human being and based parameters about a human being and based parameters about a human being and based on that we have fed it to a machine and on that we have fed it to a machine and on that we have fed it to a machine and tell that what are the characteristics tell that what are the characteristics tell that what are the characteristics of a person who has diabetes and from of a person who has diabetes and from of a person who has diabetes and from this let's say we have 1 million this let's say we have 1 million this let's say we have 1 million customers data we have given to a customers data we have given to a customers data we have given to a machine and let machine do this stuff machine and let machine do this stuff machine and let machine do this stuff from his experience which comes from the from his experience which comes from the from his experience which comes from the data or historical data to be precise data or historical data to be precise data or historical data to be precise and do the same task which a doctor is and do the same task which a doctor is and do the same task which a doctor is doing. So what we have done is if you doing. So what we have done is if you doing. So what we have done is if you see from this example what an artificial see from this example what an artificial see from this example what an artificial machine or artificial intelligent machine or artificial intelligent machine or artificial intelligent machine is doing that it's learning from machine is doing that it's learning from machine is doing that it's learning from the historical data and trying to do the the historical data and trying to do the the historical data and trying to do the same thing which an experienced and same thing which an experienced and same thing which an experienced and intelligent doctor was doing. So this intelligent doctor was doing. So this intelligent doctor was doing. So this kind of area or domain activities which kind of area or domain activities which kind of area or domain activities which human beings were doing if we can make human beings were doing if we can make human beings were doing if we can make machine intelligent enough to do the machine intelligent enough to do the machine intelligent enough to do the same task. Why we should create these same task. Why we should create these same task. Why we should create these artificial intelligence based machine artificial intelligence based machine artificial intelligence based machine systems on a very high level. There may systems on a very high level. There may systems on a very high level. There may be a lot of points but if you just be a lot of points but if you just be a lot of points but if you just discuss a few points that human beings discuss a few points that human beings discuss a few points that human beings have limited computational power and we have limited computational power and we have limited computational power and we guys may be good in terms of classifying guys may be good in terms of classifying guys may be good in terms of classifying things like you know you can see your things like you know you can see your things like you know you can see your friend in a group photograph and easily friend in a group photograph and easily friend in a group photograph and easily can say who is your friend and who are can say who is your friend and who are can say who is your friend and who are others. You can easily listen to a others. You can easily listen to a others. You can easily listen to a language and comprehend what a person is language and comprehend what a person is language and comprehend what a person is doing. But human beings are not very doing. But human beings are not very doing. But human beings are not very good in doing lot of mathematical. If good in doing lot of mathematical. If good in doing lot of mathematical. If you try doing good amount of you try doing good amount of you try doing good amount of mathematical computations in your head, mathematical computations in your head, mathematical computations in your head, probably it will not be very easy. And probably it will not be very easy. And probably it will not be very easy. And second is that it's not possible for second is that it's not possible for second is that it's not possible for human beings to work continuously let's human beings to work continuously let's human beings to work continuously let's say 24 by 7 a day for 30 days say 24 by 7 a day for 30 days say 24 by 7 a day for 30 days continuously. If we can make machine do continuously. If we can make machine do continuously. If we can make machine do such stuff, one they would be able to such stuff, one they would be able to such stuff, one they would be able to kind of do these computations very fast kind of do these computations very fast kind of do these computations very fast and like we spent a good amount of time and like we spent a good amount of time and like we spent a good amount of time in discussing the GPUs and I also in discussing the GPUs and I also in discussing the GPUs and I also mentioned that Google is talking about a mentioned that Google is talking about a mentioned that Google is talking about a TPU machine transfer processing units TPU machine transfer processing units TPU machine transfer processing units which would be hugely changing the which would be hugely changing the which would be hugely changing the entire paradigm of computations and entire paradigm of computations and entire paradigm of computations and machine would become more and more machine would become more and more machine would become more and more competitive or even better than human competitive or even better than human competitive or even better than human beings in some of the fields. This is beings in some of the fields. This is beings in some of the fields. This is the formal definition but if I loosely the formal definition but if I loosely the formal definition but if I loosely translate it's basically that artificial translate it's basically that artificial translate it's basically that artificial intelligence machines are those machines intelligence machines are those machines intelligence machines are those machines which can do task which human beings can which can do task which human beings can which can do task which human beings can easily do. So things like identifying easily do. So things like identifying easily do. So things like identifying what's written let's say in a license what's written let's say in a license what's written let's say in a license plate or playing games and I'm sure some plate or playing games and I'm sure some plate or playing games and I'm sure some of you would already heard that machine of you would already heard that machine of you would already heard that machine have defeated the go champion and the have defeated the go champion and the have defeated the go champion and the chess players. uh now we have digital chess players. uh now we have digital chess players. uh now we have digital agents like Siri and others which can agents like Siri and others which can agents like Siri and others which can understand what we want them to do and understand what we want them to do and understand what we want them to do and can take intelligent decisions from the can take intelligent decisions from the can take intelligent decisions from the text or from the voice itself basically text or from the voice itself basically text or from the voice itself basically these are very high level and some of these are very high level and some of these are very high level and some of the fields where deep learning is made a the fields where deep learning is made a the fields where deep learning is made a great great inroads something like game great great inroads something like game great great inroads something like game playing expert systems self-driving cars playing expert systems self-driving cars playing expert systems self-driving cars robotics natural language processing so robotics natural language processing so robotics natural language processing so there may be different and new areas there may be different and new areas there may be different and new areas where we are implementing all of you where we are implementing all of you where we are implementing all of you know that everything every experience know that everything every experience know that everything every experience experience of human beings is getting experience of human beings is getting experience of human beings is getting digitalized. The kind of things you buy, digitalized. The kind of things you buy, digitalized. The kind of things you buy, kind of things you watch and what your kind of things you watch and what your kind of things you watch and what your preferences are, who do you like on preferences are, who do you like on preferences are, who do you like on Facebook, who you don't like, what kind Facebook, who you don't like, what kind Facebook, who you don't like, what kind of movies you like and all these things of movies you like and all these things of movies you like and all these things in terms of reviews being captured in terms of reviews being captured in terms of reviews being captured online. So once your data is going and online. So once your data is going and online. So once your data is going and captured online, there are systems which captured online, there are systems which captured online, there are systems which can analyze this data. So given this can analyze this data. So given this can analyze this data. So given this huge data generation as well as now we huge data generation as well as now we huge data generation as well as now we have machines which can process it and have machines which can process it and have machines which can process it and make some intelligent decisions are make some intelligent decisions are make some intelligent decisions are available. So that's why you will see available. So that's why you will see available. So that's why you will see there have been lot of emphasis now in there have been lot of emphasis now in there have been lot of emphasis now in last couple of years lot of new things last couple of years lot of new things last couple of years lot of new things are coming in. Some of you who have been are coming in. Some of you who have been are coming in. Some of you who have been reading these papers on different reading these papers on different reading these papers on different subjects different architectures would subjects different architectures would subjects different architectures would know that most of these architectures know that most of these architectures know that most of these architectures are not very old. It's a very dynamic are not very old. It's a very dynamic are not very old. It's a very dynamic field every day. In fact, on a weekly field every day. In fact, on a weekly field every day. In fact, on a weekly basis, you will be hearing about a new basis, you will be hearing about a new basis, you will be hearing about a new API or a new kind of architecture being API or a new kind of architecture being API or a new kind of architecture being developed by somebody. Most of the stuff developed by somebody. Most of the stuff developed by somebody. Most of the stuff we will be studying in these classes are we will be studying in these classes are we will be studying in these classes are not very old like convolution neural not very old like convolution neural not very old like convolution neural network and recurren neural network. network and recurren neural network. network and recurren neural network. Some of their variants are as new as as Some of their variants are as new as as Some of their variants are as new as as last year. If you guys follow TensorFlow last year. If you guys follow TensorFlow last year. If you guys follow TensorFlow closely, they introduced a library closely, they introduced a library closely, they introduced a library called object identification. Object called object identification. Object called object identification. Object identification, object detection API identification, object detection API identification, object detection API which TensorFlow has made available for which TensorFlow has made available for which TensorFlow has made available for everybody. you would be able to see it everybody. you would be able to see it everybody. you would be able to see it yourself that this API works. There are yourself that this API works. There are yourself that this API works. There are five different options of selecting five different options of selecting five different options of selecting different deep learning architectures or different deep learning architectures or different deep learning architectures or convolution neural networks for this convolution neural networks for this convolution neural networks for this API. But it's been able to identify API. But it's been able to identify API. But it's been able to identify human beings and all other 90 objects human beings and all other 90 objects human beings and all other 90 objects there with almost 99% accuracy. In some there with almost 99% accuracy. In some there with almost 99% accuracy. In some cases from even human beings would be cases from even human beings would be cases from even human beings would be finding it difficult to kind of see and finding it difficult to kind of see and finding it difficult to kind of see and predict what the object is. But this predict what the object is. But this predict what the object is. But this machine has gone even beyond a human machine has gone even beyond a human machine has gone even beyond a human capability in terms of identifying capability in terms of identifying capability in terms of identifying objects. Given that we have a fair objects. Given that we have a fair objects. Given that we have a fair understanding or very high level understanding or very high level understanding or very high level understanding, we haven't got into understanding, we haven't got into understanding, we haven't got into details of artificial intelligence. But details of artificial intelligence. But details of artificial intelligence. But basically from a loose understanding basically from a loose understanding basically from a loose understanding that artificial intelligence of making that artificial intelligence of making that artificial intelligence of making decisions or machine making decisions decisions or machine making decisions decisions or machine making decisions which human beings were earlier doing which human beings were earlier doing which human beings were earlier doing the task something like game playing and the task something like game playing and the task something like game playing and natural language and driving of car. natural language and driving of car. natural language and driving of car. Let's understand how this machine Let's understand how this machine Let's understand how this machine learning and deep learning are related learning and deep learning are related learning and deep learning are related to artificial intelligence. Given this to artificial intelligence. Given this to artificial intelligence. Given this learning that now your machine is able learning that now your machine is able learning that now your machine is able to understand and learn from the data, to understand and learn from the data, to understand and learn from the data, we can solve multiple business problems we can solve multiple business problems we can solve multiple business problems with the help of this. So let's take a with the help of this. So let's take a with the help of this. So let's take a very small example. It was like whether very small example. It was like whether very small example. It was like whether a person has diabetes or not. And I was a person has diabetes or not. And I was a person has diabetes or not. And I was mentioning that this kind of decision mentioning that this kind of decision mentioning that this kind of decision being taken by the doctor based on the being taken by the doctor based on the being taken by the doctor based on the reports he has got. And these reports reports he has got. And these reports reports he has got. And these reports have some numbers like number of time a have some numbers like number of time a have some numbers like number of time a patient had a particular kind of issues patient had a particular kind of issues patient had a particular kind of issues or what is the glucose count and what is or what is the glucose count and what is or what is the glucose count and what is BMI and what the person's a and bas of BMI and what the person's a and bas of BMI and what the person's a and bas of these numbers the doctor was able to these numbers the doctor was able to these numbers the doctor was able to make this kind of decision. We can take make this kind of decision. We can take make this kind of decision. We can take the same analogy where we were trying to the same analogy where we were trying to the same analogy where we were trying to predict which species of FL it is. We predict which species of FL it is. We predict which species of FL it is. We can take information of patients and can take information of patients and can take information of patients and different attributes on different different attributes on different different attributes on different features of a report and the patient and features of a report and the patient and features of a report and the patient and the machine would be able to learn from the machine would be able to learn from the machine would be able to learn from these data sets and for a new customer these data sets and for a new customer these data sets and for a new customer or a new patient it would be able to or a new patient it would be able to or a new patient it would be able to classify whether the patient has classify whether the patient has classify whether the patient has diabetes or not. So there are two diabetes or not. So there are two diabetes or not. So there are two sections of it. First one is the sections of it. First one is the sections of it. First one is the information about the patient and information about the patient and information about the patient and different characteristics of his health. different characteristics of his health. different characteristics of his health. So from this which is number of time and So from this which is number of time and So from this which is number of time and glucose count till age these are the glucose count till age these are the glucose count till age these are the information points about the patients information points about the patients information points about the patients and the last column is the information and the last column is the information and the last column is the information whether the patient has diabetes or not. whether the patient has diabetes or not. whether the patient has diabetes or not. This kind of problem where we have some This kind of problem where we have some This kind of problem where we have some information points where they explain information points where they explain information points where they explain what the situation is and other in the what the situation is and other in the what the situation is and other in the last column or the information of output last column or the information of output last column or the information of output is in some kind of classes. There's a is in some kind of classes. There's a is in some kind of classes. There's a specific type of machine learning specific type of machine learning specific type of machine learning problem. it is but as of now the problem. it is but as of now the problem. it is but as of now the characteristic is that we have some characteristic is that we have some characteristic is that we have some information about the patient and the information about the patient and the information about the patient and the last column is telling me whether the last column is telling me whether the last column is telling me whether the patient has diabetes or not. So what a patient has diabetes or not. So what a patient has diabetes or not. So what a machine basically learns it that it machine basically learns it that it machine basically learns it that it learns all those rules in the example learns all those rules in the example learns all those rules in the example which I was quoting that earlier cases which I was quoting that earlier cases which I was quoting that earlier cases people used to create these handcoded people used to create these handcoded people used to create these handcoded rules to predict whether an event will rules to predict whether an event will rules to predict whether an event will happen or not. But in machine learning, happen or not. But in machine learning, happen or not. But in machine learning, your algorithm will learn from the your algorithm will learn from the your algorithm will learn from the historical data and see what are the historical data and see what are the historical data and see what are the combinations which decide whether a combinations which decide whether a combinations which decide whether a patient has diabetes or not. And these patient has diabetes or not. And these patient has diabetes or not. And these combinations would be of something of combinations would be of something of combinations would be of something of this type. It is only for illustration. this type. It is only for illustration. this type. It is only for illustration. It's not the real numbers. But it's for It's not the real numbers. But it's for It's not the real numbers. But it's for illustration that your machine or your illustration that your machine or your illustration that your machine or your machine learning algorithm is being able machine learning algorithm is being able machine learning algorithm is being able to identify these rules based on the to identify these rules based on the to identify these rules based on the historical data. So after learning it historical data. So after learning it historical data. So after learning it has created the glucose count is less has created the glucose count is less has created the glucose count is less than 99.5. than 99.5. than 99.5. If yes then go to next one. If no the If yes then go to next one. If no the If yes then go to next one. If no the person does not have diabetes. If person does not have diabetes. If person does not have diabetes. If glucose count is greater than 166.5 yes glucose count is greater than 166.5 yes glucose count is greater than 166.5 yes the person has diabetes and if no then the person has diabetes and if no then the person has diabetes and if no then there are further drill down of rules. there are further drill down of rules. there are further drill down of rules. So all these combinations or rules are So all these combinations or rules are So all these combinations or rules are dynamic in nature and what I mean is dynamic in nature and what I mean is dynamic in nature and what I mean is that these rules would be changing if that these rules would be changing if that these rules would be changing if your data says changes and you can take your data says changes and you can take your data says changes and you can take the same model can do the work whether a the same model can do the work whether a the same model can do the work whether a patient has diabetes or not and you can patient has diabetes or not and you can patient has diabetes or not and you can take the same model and make it learn on take the same model and make it learn on take the same model and make it learn on a new data set let's say flower species a new data set let's say flower species a new data set let's say flower species it would be able to learn the new rule it would be able to learn the new rule it would be able to learn the new rule from itself. So the intuition like human from itself. So the intuition like human from itself. So the intuition like human beings were learning from examples your beings were learning from examples your beings were learning from examples your machine learning algorithms also learn machine learning algorithms also learn machine learning algorithms also learn from examples. But just to frame our from examples. But just to frame our from examples. But just to frame our problem statement that machine learning problem statement that machine learning problem statement that machine learning we know it learn by experiences and from we know it learn by experiences and from we know it learn by experiences and from the data from the historical events the data from the historical events the data from the historical events there are three kind of problems which there are three kind of problems which there are three kind of problems which may be interested in solving. First one may be interested in solving. First one may be interested in solving. First one is called a supervised learning problem is called a supervised learning problem is called a supervised learning problem and supervised learning problem is and supervised learning problem is and supervised learning problem is basically occurs when you have some basically occurs when you have some basically occurs when you have some input variables and one output column. input variables and one output column. input variables and one output column. So both the examples which we discussed So both the examples which we discussed So both the examples which we discussed till now one was on the flower species till now one was on the flower species till now one was on the flower species where we are taking data on different where we are taking data on different where we are taking data on different features of a flower and then which features of a flower and then which features of a flower and then which species of flower it was. So the last species of flower it was. So the last species of flower it was. So the last column is the dependent variable or column is the dependent variable or column is the dependent variable or output variable we are trying to predict output variable we are trying to predict output variable we are trying to predict and all the information variables are and all the information variables are and all the information variables are called input features or input called input features or input called input features or input variables. So input features or input variables. So input features or input variables. So input features or input variables it's kind of interchangeably variables it's kind of interchangeably variables it's kind of interchangeably been used in different texts. Input and been used in different texts. Input and been used in different texts. Input and output these are the two different output these are the two different output these are the two different sections of supervised learning. Why it sections of supervised learning. Why it sections of supervised learning. Why it is called supervised learning? Another is called supervised learning? Another is called supervised learning? Another take if I need to explain it that we take if I need to explain it that we take if I need to explain it that we have a column to guide the algorithm have a column to guide the algorithm have a column to guide the algorithm whether it's making the correct whether it's making the correct whether it's making the correct decisions or not. So let's say your decisions or not. So let's say your decisions or not. So let's say your model says person has diabetes but the model says person has diabetes but the model says person has diabetes but the actual data says the person does not actual data says the person does not actual data says the person does not have diabetes. So you have some kind of have diabetes. So you have some kind of have diabetes. So you have some kind of correction mechanism within your data correction mechanism within your data correction mechanism within your data itself which can help your model tune itself which can help your model tune itself which can help your model tune itself to make better predictions. So itself to make better predictions. So itself to make better predictions. So this kind of output variable some text this kind of output variable some text this kind of output variable some text it's also been called a teacher it's also been called a teacher it's also been called a teacher variable. So it's guiding the algorithm variable. So it's guiding the algorithm variable. So it's guiding the algorithm to decide those rules which I just go to decide those rules which I just go to decide those rules which I just go through. Another type of machine through. Another type of machine through. Another type of machine learning is called unsupervised learning is called unsupervised learning is called unsupervised learning. And in unsupervised learning learning. And in unsupervised learning learning. And in unsupervised learning we have only the input features and our we have only the input features and our we have only the input features and our objective is that we should be able to objective is that we should be able to objective is that we should be able to identify the patterns within the data identify the patterns within the data identify the patterns within the data itself. So some of you who are working itself. So some of you who are working itself. So some of you who are working in telecom domain or marketing campaigns in telecom domain or marketing campaigns in telecom domain or marketing campaigns you would be very much familiar with you would be very much familiar with you would be very much familiar with segmentation analysis or cluster segmentation analysis or cluster segmentation analysis or cluster analysis where our objective is to analysis where our objective is to analysis where our objective is to identify coherent groups within the identify coherent groups within the identify coherent groups within the larger population. We take the customers larger population. We take the customers larger population. We take the customers as it is the whole population and based as it is the whole population and based as it is the whole population and based on different parameters and variables we on different parameters and variables we on different parameters and variables we identify some of the groups of customers identify some of the groups of customers identify some of the groups of customers or products whichever the business or products whichever the business or products whichever the business problem is to identify which are similar problem is to identify which are similar problem is to identify which are similar in nature so that we can take either in nature so that we can take either in nature so that we can take either marketing campaign or develop new marketing campaign or develop new marketing campaign or develop new products for those specific groups. products for those specific groups. products for those specific groups. Final is called a reinforcement Final is called a reinforcement Final is called a reinforcement learning. A reinforcement learning is a learning. A reinforcement learning is a learning. A reinforcement learning is a kind of learning where the agent learn kind of learning where the agent learn kind of learning where the agent learn from the environment. So it works kind from the environment. So it works kind from the environment. So it works kind of reward and penalty. You can think of of reward and penalty. You can think of of reward and penalty. You can think of a self-flying helicopter. So you leave a self-flying helicopter. So you leave a self-flying helicopter. So you leave it in the environment and it'll be it in the environment and it'll be it in the environment and it'll be deciding based on the wind speed and deciding based on the wind speed and deciding based on the wind speed and other parameters in the environment that other parameters in the environment that other parameters in the environment that how much it should fly and the reward is how much it should fly and the reward is how much it should fly and the reward is that the fuel should be efficiently be that the fuel should be efficiently be that the fuel should be efficiently be spent and more time it should be spent and more time it should be spent and more time it should be spending in the environment. So spending in the environment. So spending in the environment. So supervised learning as I said that the supervised learning as I said that the supervised learning as I said that the objective here is that we have some objective here is that we have some objective here is that we have some input features and input features would input features and input features would input features and input features would be holding information about different be holding information about different be holding information about different aspects of a given problem or customers aspects of a given problem or customers aspects of a given problem or customers and we have an output variable which and we have an output variable which and we have an output variable which would be explaining whether the event would be explaining whether the event would be explaining whether the event happened or not some kind of output happened or not some kind of output happened or not some kind of output variable. So there are two types within variable. So there are two types within variable. So there are two types within supervised learning. One is called as supervised learning. One is called as supervised learning. One is called as regression, second is classification. regression, second is classification. regression, second is classification. And the differentiation happens only And the differentiation happens only And the differentiation happens only because of the type of output column. If because of the type of output column. If because of the type of output column. If your output column is the type of your output column is the type of your output column is the type of numerical values or continuous values numerical values or continuous values numerical values or continuous values like numbers, so that would be a like numbers, so that would be a like numbers, so that would be a regression kind of problem, a very high regression kind of problem, a very high regression kind of problem, a very high intuition level. For example, you're intuition level. For example, you're intuition level. For example, you're working on a problem where you need to working on a problem where you need to working on a problem where you need to predict how much would be the sale of predict how much would be the sale of predict how much would be the sale of your company given the information that your company given the information that your company given the information that how much they're spending on marketing, how much they're spending on marketing, how much they're spending on marketing, how many employees are working, which how many employees are working, which how many employees are working, which month it is of the year. And if you have month it is of the year. And if you have month it is of the year. And if you have this information, you are going to this information, you are going to this information, you are going to predict what is the million dollar of predict what is the million dollar of predict what is the million dollar of sales your company would be doing. So sales your company would be doing. So sales your company would be doing. So these kind of problems where your output these kind of problems where your output these kind of problems where your output variable is of numerical values, then variable is of numerical values, then variable is of numerical values, then it's a regression problem. On the other it's a regression problem. On the other it's a regression problem. On the other hand, if the dependent variable is of hand, if the dependent variable is of hand, if the dependent variable is of categorical nature or of discrete categorical nature or of discrete categorical nature or of discrete values, it signifies that it's a values, it signifies that it's a values, it signifies that it's a classification problem. Given that it's classification problem. Given that it's classification problem. Given that it's a categorical values, your objective is a categorical values, your objective is a categorical values, your objective is that how you can put the different that how you can put the different that how you can put the different customers or products into different customers or products into different customers or products into different classes. So that's why the name suggests classes. So that's why the name suggests classes. So that's why the name suggests classification problem. So as I said classification problem. So as I said classification problem. So as I said there are two kind of supervised there are two kind of supervised there are two kind of supervised learning problems. One is regression and learning problems. One is regression and learning problems. One is regression and another one is classification. So let's another one is classification. So let's another one is classification. So let's take a use case where we need to predict take a use case where we need to predict take a use case where we need to predict the housing price of a particular the housing price of a particular the housing price of a particular locality. And we have information about locality. And we have information about locality. And we have information about these houses on different parameters and these houses on different parameters and these houses on different parameters and these parameters are like these. So these parameters are like these. So these parameters are like these. So let's say what is the crime rate in that let's say what is the crime rate in that let's say what is the crime rate in that area? How old is the home? The distance area? How old is the home? The distance area? How old is the home? The distance is how far it is from the city. This is is how far it is from the city. This is is how far it is from the city. This is from Boston housing data. So this is if from Boston housing data. So this is if from Boston housing data. So this is if I'm not wrong it's percentage of black I'm not wrong it's percentage of black I'm not wrong it's percentage of black population or some variable. We have the population or some variable. We have the population or some variable. We have the description later on and what is the description later on and what is the description later on and what is the actual price of the home and all these actual price of the home and all these actual price of the home and all these features from crime to is the features from crime to is the features from crime to is the information about the house. So these information about the house. So these information about the house. So these are my input features and the output are my input features and the output are my input features and the output feature is the price of the house. This feature is the price of the house. This feature is the price of the house. This is in million dollars. And our objective is in million dollars. And our objective is in million dollars. And our objective is that we should be able to fit an is that we should be able to fit an is that we should be able to fit an algorithm that it should be able to algorithm that it should be able to algorithm that it should be able to learn from all the historical homes learn from all the historical homes learn from all the historical homes which were sold based on all the which were sold based on all the which were sold based on all the features and what was the price it was features and what was the price it was features and what was the price it was sold for. And once the model is trained, sold for. And once the model is trained, sold for. And once the model is trained, it should be able to predict that how it should be able to predict that how it should be able to predict that how much should be the price for a given much should be the price for a given much should be the price for a given home. Let's take an example. Let's say home. Let's take an example. Let's say home. Let's take an example. Let's say one of you is interested in buying a one of you is interested in buying a one of you is interested in buying a home in the Boston area and you would home in the Boston area and you would home in the Boston area and you would like to know that what is the ballpark like to know that what is the ballpark like to know that what is the ballpark figure for a two-bedroom flat which is figure for a two-bedroom flat which is figure for a two-bedroom flat which is of some square ft and let's say 20 miles of some square ft and let's say 20 miles of some square ft and let's say 20 miles from a specific location what should be from a specific location what should be from a specific location what should be the price. So one way would be you go the price. So one way would be you go the price. So one way would be you go and talk to people and try to understand and talk to people and try to understand and talk to people and try to understand that what has been the average price or that what has been the average price or that what has been the average price or if you have this kind of algorithm if you have this kind of algorithm if you have this kind of algorithm available which can help you understand available which can help you understand available which can help you understand that given these features that was the that given these features that was the that given these features that was the price and if you can create a regression price and if you can create a regression price and if you can create a regression model it would be able to help you that model it would be able to help you that model it would be able to help you that given some features of the new home given some features of the new home given some features of the new home which you are interested in buying what which you are interested in buying what which you are interested in buying what should be the price of it. So as I said should be the price of it. So as I said should be the price of it. So as I said there are two sections. One is the there are two sections. One is the there are two sections. One is the independent variables. All these independent variables. All these independent variables. All these information about the home and the last information about the home and the last information about the home and the last variable is dependent variable which variable is dependent variable which variable is dependent variable which would be information about what was the would be information about what was the would be information about what was the price. You see this is a kind of scatter price. You see this is a kind of scatter price. You see this is a kind of scatter plot between the distance from the city plot between the distance from the city plot between the distance from the city and price for the home. Keeping all and price for the home. Keeping all and price for the home. Keeping all other variables constant. We are not other variables constant. We are not other variables constant. We are not looking at the influence of other looking at the influence of other looking at the influence of other features. But we are looking if we just features. But we are looking if we just features. But we are looking if we just need to model or if you need to find a need to model or if you need to find a need to model or if you need to find a relationship between the distance from relationship between the distance from relationship between the distance from the city and what is the price from this the city and what is the price from this the city and what is the price from this graph you can make out that further the graph you can make out that further the graph you can make out that further the city houses the lower the price would be city houses the lower the price would be city houses the lower the price would be if you keep all other things constant. if you keep all other things constant. if you keep all other things constant. So here it's like if you can identify So here it's like if you can identify So here it's like if you can identify this kind of relationship it's called this kind of relationship it's called this kind of relationship it's called linear regression but for a given linear regression but for a given linear regression but for a given distance from the city you would be able distance from the city you would be able distance from the city you would be able to predict what should be the ballpark to predict what should be the ballpark to predict what should be the ballpark figure for a house if you just have this figure for a house if you just have this figure for a house if you just have this information not all other information information not all other information information not all other information which we have talked about in a similar which we have talked about in a similar which we have talked about in a similar fashion how it's been done is that there fashion how it's been done is that there fashion how it's been done is that there would be a relationship between the would be a relationship between the would be a relationship between the price of the house and all the features price of the house and all the features price of the house and all the features which we discussed. So this is only a which we discussed. So this is only a which we discussed. So this is only a relationship between one of the relationship between one of the relationship between one of the variables distance to the city and the variables distance to the city and the variables distance to the city and the price of the home. In a similar fashion price of the home. In a similar fashion price of the home. In a similar fashion we would be able to find relationship we would be able to find relationship we would be able to find relationship between the price and all other between the price and all other between the price and all other features. So all other features if you features. So all other features if you features. So all other features if you know like how old is the home, how big know like how old is the home, how big know like how old is the home, how big it is, what is the crime rate and all. it is, what is the crime rate and all. it is, what is the crime rate and all. So this kind of model is called a So this kind of model is called a So this kind of model is called a regression model and it's a very basic regression model and it's a very basic regression model and it's a very basic equation of a straight line. Y here is equation of a straight line. Y here is equation of a straight line. Y here is called the dependent variable. A is called the dependent variable. A is called the dependent variable. A is intercept and B is called slope and X is intercept and B is called slope and X is intercept and B is called slope and X is called independent variable. If you go called independent variable. If you go called independent variable. If you go deeper and try to understand what it's deeper and try to understand what it's deeper and try to understand what it's basically doing is this equation is basically doing is this equation is basically doing is this equation is trying to tell me that if I already know trying to tell me that if I already know trying to tell me that if I already know the relationship, if I know the value of the relationship, if I know the value of the relationship, if I know the value of A and B from my historical data which is A and B from my historical data which is A and B from my historical data which is about different homes given the value of about different homes given the value of about different homes given the value of X, I should be able to calculate the Y. X, I should be able to calculate the Y. X, I should be able to calculate the Y. Y in our particular example is price of Y in our particular example is price of Y in our particular example is price of the home. Let me try giving an example the home. Let me try giving an example the home. Let me try giving an example what slope means. So slope is the change what slope means. So slope is the change what slope means. So slope is the change in dependent variable. If we change x in dependent variable. If we change x in dependent variable. If we change x which is the independent variable by one which is the independent variable by one which is the independent variable by one unit. So let's say if I change x by one unit. So let's say if I change x by one unit. So let's say if I change x by one unit how much change in happen in y. unit how much change in happen in y. unit how much change in happen in y. Help me understand what is the kind of Help me understand what is the kind of Help me understand what is the kind of relationship between x and y and a is relationship between x and y and a is relationship between x and y and a is the value which tells the value of y the value which tells the value of y the value which tells the value of y when the x is zero. And you can think of when the x is zero. And you can think of when the x is zero. And you can think of it something like that. If you put the it something like that. If you put the it something like that. If you put the value of x equal to0 whatever the value value of x equal to0 whatever the value value of x equal to0 whatever the value is y then that's the intercept but is y then that's the intercept but is y then that's the intercept but basically from intuition perspective you basically from intuition perspective you basically from intuition perspective you can think that an intercept is the value can think that an intercept is the value can think that an intercept is the value which is there even though you don't which is there even though you don't which is there even though you don't have any information about x. For have any information about x. For have any information about x. For example we were discussing the example we were discussing the example we were discussing the relationship between the distance from relationship between the distance from relationship between the distance from the city and the housing price. Even the city and the housing price. Even the city and the housing price. Even though the house is exactly in the city though the house is exactly in the city though the house is exactly in the city then there would be some value and even then there would be some value and even then there would be some value and even though the house is 100 miles from the though the house is 100 miles from the though the house is 100 miles from the city there would still be some price. So city there would still be some price. So city there would still be some price. So it help us kind of intuitionally it help us kind of intuitionally it help us kind of intuitionally understand the relationship. It also understand the relationship. It also understand the relationship. It also help the line to understand where it help the line to understand where it help the line to understand where it start whether it start from the origin start whether it start from the origin start whether it start from the origin or some place within your axis. And this or some place within your axis. And this or some place within your axis. And this kind of equation is called equation of kind of equation is called equation of kind of equation is called equation of linear regression because if you see linear regression because if you see linear regression because if you see here the power of x is one. So that's here the power of x is one. So that's here the power of x is one. So that's why it's linear in nature. And it is why it's linear in nature. And it is why it's linear in nature. And it is also that we are fitting the also that we are fitting the also that we are fitting the relationship between x and only one of relationship between x and only one of relationship between x and only one of the variables. multiple regression where the variables. multiple regression where the variables. multiple regression where what we do is that instead of finding what we do is that instead of finding what we do is that instead of finding the relationship between only one the relationship between only one the relationship between only one variable and the dependent variable in variable and the dependent variable in variable and the dependent variable in most of the practical scenarios the most of the practical scenarios the most of the practical scenarios the dependent variable Y is dependent on dependent variable Y is dependent on dependent variable Y is dependent on more than one features. So for an more than one features. So for an more than one features. So for an example, your house price is dependent example, your house price is dependent example, your house price is dependent on all these features, all these on all these features, all these on all these features, all these information points available and all you information points available and all you information points available and all you want is that your regression model would want is that your regression model would want is that your regression model would be able to identify relationship giving be able to identify relationship giving be able to identify relationship giving all the information together and then all the information together and then all the information together and then predict what is the price. The equation predict what is the price. The equation predict what is the price. The equation becomes y equal to b1 x1 b2 x2 or b3 x3. becomes y equal to b1 x1 b2 x2 or b3 x3. becomes y equal to b1 x1 b2 x2 or b3 x3. this kind of equation where B, B1, B2, this kind of equation where B, B1, B2, this kind of equation where B, B1, B2, B3 and all these coefficients help us B3 and all these coefficients help us B3 and all these coefficients help us understand that what is the contribution understand that what is the contribution understand that what is the contribution of a single or of a given variable into of a single or of a given variable into of a single or of a given variable into your regression equation. So let's have your regression equation. So let's have your regression equation. So let's have a look that how you can fit this model a look that how you can fit this model a look that how you can fit this model in Python. So if you look at the first in Python. So if you look at the first in Python. So if you look at the first block of the code where we are saying block of the code where we are saying block of the code where we are saying import panda as pen pd, import numpy as import panda as pen pd, import numpy as import panda as pen pd, import numpy as np and import num plot lib as plt. This np and import num plot lib as plt. This np and import num plot lib as plt. This is the convention in Python to import is the convention in Python to import is the convention in Python to import some of the libraries which we'll be some of the libraries which we'll be some of the libraries which we'll be using. So these are the libraries which using. So these are the libraries which using. So these are the libraries which are required for running this module or are required for running this module or are required for running this module or this this regression model. So once we this this regression model. So once we this this regression model. So once we import these all the functions available import these all the functions available import these all the functions available in these libraries we can call them very in these libraries we can call them very in these libraries we can call them very easily and we will be seeing that how easily and we will be seeing that how easily and we will be seeing that how you can call them. So once you have you can call them. So once you have you can call them. So once you have imported these libraries if you see that imported these libraries if you see that imported these libraries if you see that we are loading the data called Boston we are loading the data called Boston we are loading the data called Boston and that this is the same data set which and that this is the same data set which and that this is the same data set which we have been discussing in terms of a we have been discussing in terms of a we have been discussing in terms of a use case here. So next line of code. So use case here. So next line of code. So use case here. So next line of code. So here we are importing the data and here we are importing the data and here we are importing the data and loading the Boston data set. The next loading the Boston data set. The next loading the Boston data set. The next line of code we are calling the pandas line of code we are calling the pandas line of code we are calling the pandas library because we have imported the library because we have imported the library because we have imported the pandas library as pd. Then we are pandas library as pd. Then we are pandas library as pd. Then we are calling a function called data frame so calling a function called data frame so calling a function called data frame so that we can you know create a data frame that we can you know create a data frame that we can you know create a data frame in python and we are creating it Boston in python and we are creating it Boston in python and we are creating it Boston data. So it will be creating boss as a data. So it will be creating boss as a data. So it will be creating boss as a data frame. So data frame on a very data frame. So data frame on a very data frame. So data frame on a very loose term you can think of kind of loose term you can think of kind of loose term you can think of kind of spreadsheet kind of format where your spreadsheet kind of format where your spreadsheet kind of format where your data is being put in rows and columns data is being put in rows and columns data is being put in rows and columns and you can think of an excel file kind and you can think of an excel file kind and you can think of an excel file kind of framework for a data frame though it of framework for a data frame though it of framework for a data frame though it will be different but just for intuition will be different but just for intuition will be different but just for intuition purpose and after importing I'm calling purpose and after importing I'm calling purpose and after importing I'm calling dot head. So what do head does it'll be dot head. So what do head does it'll be dot head. So what do head does it'll be giving top 10 rows of my data set. So giving top 10 rows of my data set. So giving top 10 rows of my data set. So there are all the 13 columns in Python there are all the 13 columns in Python there are all the 13 columns in Python index start from zero. You can see that index start from zero. You can see that index start from zero. You can see that index started from 0 1 2 3. So you can index started from 0 1 2 3. So you can index started from 0 1 2 3. So you can see what this data is. This line of see what this data is. This line of see what this data is. This line of command which says dot columns. So dot command which says dot columns. So dot command which says dot columns. So dot column gives you all the features column gives you all the features column gives you all the features available in your data set. So these are available in your data set. So these are available in your data set. So these are the different feature names. So these the different feature names. So these the different feature names. So these are the different column names for the are the different column names for the are the different column names for the data and the price. In the end of the data and the price. In the end of the data and the price. In the end of the code, I have written actually one line code, I have written actually one line code, I have written actually one line of code which can give you all the of code which can give you all the of code which can give you all the details that what the target variable details that what the target variable details that what the target variable is. What was the history of data where is. What was the history of data where is. What was the history of data where it was recorded and all. So you can it was recorded and all. So you can it was recorded and all. So you can easily look at this. We are calling this easily look at this. We are calling this easily look at this. We are calling this Boston.target and we are calling it as a Boston.target and we are calling it as a Boston.target and we are calling it as a boss. So we creating a column in our boss. So we creating a column in our boss. So we creating a column in our data frame which was boss from data frame which was boss from data frame which was boss from Boston.target. So there is another data Boston.target. So there is another data Boston.target. So there is another data vector available in the Boston data set vector available in the Boston data set vector available in the Boston data set itself. And now specifically we are itself. And now specifically we are itself. And now specifically we are saying y is equal to this particular saying y is equal to this particular saying y is equal to this particular variable y we will be representing our variable y we will be representing our variable y we will be representing our dependent variable all the features plus dependent variable all the features plus dependent variable all the features plus the Boston price. So boss dot drop price the Boston price. So boss dot drop price the Boston price. So boss dot drop price x is equal to 1. It means that we are x is equal to 1. It means that we are x is equal to 1. It means that we are dropped the price variable from the dropped the price variable from the dropped the price variable from the overall data frame and xis one specify overall data frame and xis one specify overall data frame and xis one specify that we are removing the column. So x's that we are removing the column. So x's that we are removing the column. So x's 0 represent the rowle operations in 0 represent the rowle operations in 0 represent the rowle operations in python and x's one represent the column python and x's one represent the column python and x's one represent the column level operations. Print statement we are level operations. Print statement we are level operations. Print statement we are just printing now the x. So this x is just printing now the x. So this x is just printing now the x. So this x is all the input features of our data set. all the input features of our data set. all the input features of our data set. So all these columns which we will be So all these columns which we will be So all these columns which we will be using for predicting the housing price using for predicting the housing price using for predicting the housing price and how it will be working. So it's not and how it will be working. So it's not and how it will be working. So it's not an actual model but what actually an actual model but what actually an actual model but what actually happening is once we have created the happening is once we have created the happening is once we have created the model it will be doing that it'll be model it will be doing that it'll be model it will be doing that it'll be fitting a line which would be going fitting a line which would be going fitting a line which would be going through the actual data set would be through the actual data set would be through the actual data set would be something like this that price is equal something like this that price is equal something like this that price is equal to some intercept term plus b1 to some intercept term plus b1 to some intercept term plus b1 multiplied by crime b2 multiplied by multiplied by crime b2 multiplied by multiplied by crime b2 multiplied by another variable z and then b3 another variable z and then b3 another variable z and then b3 multiplied by another variable and so on multiplied by another variable and so on multiplied by another variable and so on and so forth and this intercept and b1 and so forth and this intercept and b1 and so forth and this intercept and b1 b2 and bn would be the coefficient which b2 and bn would be the coefficient which b2 and bn would be the coefficient which your model would be learning from your your model would be learning from your your model would be learning from your already available data and here we are already available data and here we are already available data and here we are showcasing top five values of our showcasing top five values of our showcasing top five values of our housing price. So y is the dependent housing price. So y is the dependent housing price. So y is the dependent variable and we are looking at what is variable and we are looking at what is variable and we are looking at what is the top five values. So this was only a the top five values. So this was only a the top five values. So this was only a very brief and very basic introduction very brief and very basic introduction very brief and very basic introduction that how do you import our data how you that how do you import our data how you that how do you import our data how you can see what are the different columns. can see what are the different columns. can see what are the different columns. It has nothing to do with machine It has nothing to do with machine It has nothing to do with machine learning but it is only for people who learning but it is only for people who learning but it is only for people who are new to Python and for people who are new to Python and for people who are new to Python and for people who have been out of touch in Python if just have been out of touch in Python if just have been out of touch in Python if just want to brush up skills and this line of want to brush up skills and this line of want to brush up skills and this line of code if you have a look which I'm code if you have a look which I'm code if you have a look which I'm highlighting now it is we are using a highlighting now it is we are using a highlighting now it is we are using a scikitlearn model for test train and scikitlearn model for test train and scikitlearn model for test train and split and what it's doing is for both split and what it's doing is for both split and what it's doing is for both because we have already x and y the test because we have already x and y the test because we have already x and y the test sizes we are saying 33 so it's basically sizes we are saying 33 so it's basically sizes we are saying 33 so it's basically we are randomly selecting 33% of the we are randomly selecting 33% of the we are randomly selecting 33% of the data for we putting it sep separate in data for we putting it sep separate in data for we putting it sep separate in the test bucket so that we can test it the test bucket so that we can test it the test bucket so that we can test it later on. And this random state five later on. And this random state five later on. And this random state five means because we'll be randomly means because we'll be randomly means because we'll be randomly selecting if you specify a random state. selecting if you specify a random state. selecting if you specify a random state. Every time you run this code, you will Every time you run this code, you will Every time you run this code, you will be selecting the same set of elements be selecting the same set of elements be selecting the same set of elements from your data set. It help you from your data set. It help you from your data set. It help you understand that the variation if you run understand that the variation if you run understand that the variation if you run the code multiple times by changing the the code multiple times by changing the the code multiple times by changing the variation is not coming because of the variation is not coming because of the variation is not coming because of the selection of sample. It should be selection of sample. It should be selection of sample. It should be because of the different model changes because of the different model changes because of the different model changes you are making. This dotshape function you are making. This dotshape function you are making. This dotshape function in Python specify that what is the in Python specify that what is the in Python specify that what is the dimensions and if I mention the first dimensions and if I mention the first dimensions and if I mention the first one X train.shape is giving me 339 and one X train.shape is giving me 339 and one X train.shape is giving me 339 and 13. Basically it's telling me that there 13. Basically it's telling me that there 13. Basically it's telling me that there are 339 rows and 13 columns in the data are 339 rows and 13 columns in the data are 339 rows and 13 columns in the data set. X test there are 167 rows and 13 set. X test there are 167 rows and 13 set. X test there are 167 rows and 13 columns. And your Y test is just 339 columns. And your Y test is just 339 columns. And your Y test is just 339 rows and there's just one column or it's rows and there's just one column or it's rows and there's just one column or it's just one vector. The number of rows in X just one vector. The number of rows in X just one vector. The number of rows in X train and Y train are same. In X test train and Y train are same. In X test train and Y train are same. In X test and Y test the number of rows are same and Y test the number of rows are same and Y test the number of rows are same because they have been selected for the because they have been selected for the because they have been selected for the same combination. So same houses we have same combination. So same houses we have same combination. So same houses we have selected the input features as well as selected the input features as well as selected the input features as well as the corresponding values of output and the corresponding values of output and the corresponding values of output and same has been done for the test section. same has been done for the test section. same has been done for the test section. What we are doing here as I was saying What we are doing here as I was saying What we are doing here as I was saying that we have imported a library called that we have imported a library called that we have imported a library called scikitlearn and scikitlearn has scikitlearn and scikitlearn has scikitlearn and scikitlearn has different modules for different machine different modules for different machine different modules for different machine learning algorithms and linear learning algorithms and linear learning algorithms and linear regression is one of the modules in regression is one of the modules in regression is one of the modules in scikitlearn. So we can call this scikitlearn. So we can call this scikitlearn. So we can call this scikitlearn module from linear scikitlearn module from linear scikitlearn module from linear regression called lm and this equal to regression called lm and this equal to regression called lm and this equal to and in python it's called assignment and in python it's called assignment and in python it's called assignment variable. So we are assigning LM as a variable. So we are assigning LM as a variable. So we are assigning LM as a linear regression module in the linear regression module in the linear regression module in the scikitlearn. And now what we are doing scikitlearn. And now what we are doing scikitlearn. And now what we are doing is if you look at this line only lm.fit. is if you look at this line only lm.fit. is if you look at this line only lm.fit. So basically we are telling that use the So basically we are telling that use the So basically we are telling that use the linear regression module from linear regression module from linear regression module from scikitlearn and fit the model between x scikitlearn and fit the model between x scikitlearn and fit the model between x train and y train. So basically what we train and y train. So basically what we train and y train. So basically what we are telling the model that you learn are telling the model that you learn are telling the model that you learn those coefficients for different x those coefficients for different x those coefficients for different x values given y values in the training values given y values in the training values given y values in the training data set. Basically what the fit data set. Basically what the fit data set. Basically what the fit function does it calculate the values of function does it calculate the values of function does it calculate the values of your intercept B1 B2 B3 for all the your intercept B1 B2 B3 for all the your intercept B1 B2 B3 for all the features in your input features for a features in your input features for a features in your input features for a given Y variable. So once we have fit in given Y variable. So once we have fit in given Y variable. So once we have fit in the model and once that has been fit we the model and once that has been fit we the model and once that has been fit we can use the same model for doing the can use the same model for doing the can use the same model for doing the predictions. So let me remove it. It predictions. So let me remove it. It predictions. So let me remove it. It should be like this. So lm.fit fit we should be like this. So lm.fit fit we should be like this. So lm.fit fit we have fit in the model and once there has have fit in the model and once there has have fit in the model and once there has been fit we can use the learned model been fit we can use the learned model been fit we can use the learned model which is lm with a function called which is lm with a function called which is lm with a function called predict x train. So what it will be predict x train. So what it will be predict x train. So what it will be doing is once it has learned those doing is once it has learned those doing is once it has learned those coefficients B intercept and B1 B2 B3 coefficients B intercept and B1 B2 B3 coefficients B intercept and B1 B2 B3 for all the features and input you can for all the features and input you can for all the features and input you can use the predict function for making the use the predict function for making the use the predict function for making the predictions for your training data set predictions for your training data set predictions for your training data set and you already have actual values as Y and you already have actual values as Y and you already have actual values as Y train and then you can compare that how train and then you can compare that how train and then you can compare that how good your model is doing and how you can good your model is doing and how you can good your model is doing and how you can compare it that if you look that we are compare it that if you look that we are compare it that if you look that we are put together same thing we have used for put together same thing we have used for put together same thing we have used for the X test data set LM.predict predict X the X test data set LM.predict predict X the X test data set LM.predict predict X test and again the prediction has been test and again the prediction has been test and again the prediction has been done. So if you see here I have put done. So if you see here I have put done. So if you see here I have put together as a data frame Y test and Y together as a data frame Y test and Y together as a data frame Y test and Y test bread and the difference look like test bread and the difference look like test bread and the difference look like this for the first value which was 37.6 this for the first value which was 37.6 this for the first value which was 37.6 and the actual value was 37 this value and the actual value was 37 this value and the actual value was 37 this value then the predicted value this actual then the predicted value this actual then the predicted value this actual value is this and this difference value is this and this difference value is this and this difference between the actual value and the between the actual value and the between the actual value and the predicted value signifies that how much predicted value signifies that how much predicted value signifies that how much is the error in your data set. So had it is the error in your data set. So had it is the error in your data set. So had it been that your model is giving the same been that your model is giving the same been that your model is giving the same prediction as it was the actual value prediction as it was the actual value prediction as it was the actual value you would say there is no error your you would say there is no error your you would say there is no error your model is 100% accurate and all the model is 100% accurate and all the model is 100% accurate and all the predictions being made by the model is predictions being made by the model is predictions being made by the model is absolutely you know bang gone but absolutely you know bang gone but absolutely you know bang gone but normally doesn't happen you end up normally doesn't happen you end up normally doesn't happen you end up having predictions which are a bit off having predictions which are a bit off having predictions which are a bit off from the actual value and we measure the from the actual value and we measure the from the actual value and we measure the difference as one of the characteristics difference as one of the characteristics difference as one of the characteristics or one of the parameters to identify how or one of the parameters to identify how or one of the parameters to identify how correct your model is. In this correct your model is. In this correct your model is. In this particular statistic there are two particular statistic there are two particular statistic there are two metrics being used for identifying but metrics being used for identifying but metrics being used for identifying but the most uh basic one used is called the most uh basic one used is called the most uh basic one used is called mean squared errors. And what mean mean squared errors. And what mean mean squared errors. And what mean squared error is it is basically the squared error is it is basically the squared error is it is basically the difference between actual value and the difference between actual value and the difference between actual value and the predicted value by the model. And what I predicted value by the model. And what I predicted value by the model. And what I mean by this is that let's say this is mean by this is that let's say this is mean by this is that let's say this is your predicted value 37.6 and this is your predicted value 37.6 and this is your predicted value 37.6 and this is your actual value. What you do is you your actual value. What you do is you your actual value. What you do is you take the difference of these two and take the difference of these two and take the difference of these two and then take the square of it. Why we take then take the square of it. Why we take then take the square of it. Why we take the square of it? Because this in some the square of it? Because this in some the square of it? Because this in some values the difference may be negative or values the difference may be negative or values the difference may be negative or positive and if you sum it up the positive and if you sum it up the positive and if you sum it up the difference may come to zero and you may difference may come to zero and you may difference may come to zero and you may end up thinking that okay model is doing end up thinking that okay model is doing end up thinking that okay model is doing really good stuff. To avoid it, what we really good stuff. To avoid it, what we really good stuff. To avoid it, what we do is that we take the square of it so do is that we take the square of it so do is that we take the square of it so that the difference between actual and that the difference between actual and that the difference between actual and the predicted becomes positive and you the predicted becomes positive and you the predicted becomes positive and you can sum it up to showcase that how far can sum it up to showcase that how far can sum it up to showcase that how far your predicted values are from the your predicted values are from the your predicted values are from the actual value and then you take a mean of actual value and then you take a mean of actual value and then you take a mean of it to showcase that what is the mean it to showcase that what is the mean it to showcase that what is the mean difference between the actual value and difference between the actual value and difference between the actual value and the predicted value. It can also be used the predicted value. It can also be used the predicted value. It can also be used for model comparisons. Here I can show for model comparisons. Here I can show for model comparisons. Here I can show you that how it is working that let's you that how it is working that let's you that how it is working that let's say you have some actual values say you have some actual values say you have some actual values something like this and let's say you something like this and let's say you something like this and let's say you fit a model I fit a model so there is fit a model I fit a model so there is fit a model I fit a model so there is one model prediction one another model one model prediction one another model one model prediction one another model is prediction two so what you can do is is prediction two so what you can do is is prediction two so what you can do is you can take the difference between the you can take the difference between the you can take the difference between the actual and the predict so 10 minus 2 is actual and the predict so 10 minus 2 is actual and the predict so 10 minus 2 is 2 and then you take the square of it 2 and then you take the square of it 2 and then you take the square of it which is four 23 and 21 again two square which is four 23 and 21 again two square which is four 23 and 21 again two square of 2 4 then third one the difference is of 2 4 then third one the difference is of 2 4 then third one the difference is five and then square of is 25 and so and five and then square of is 25 and so and five and then square of is 25 and so and so forth for all the values You get the so forth for all the values You get the so forth for all the values You get the total value of sum of squared errors and total value of sum of squared errors and total value of sum of squared errors and you divide it by the number of inputs you divide it by the number of inputs you divide it by the number of inputs which is five and you get the mean of which is five and you get the mean of which is five and you get the mean of the squared errors and you do the same the squared errors and you do the same the squared errors and you do the same thing for the second one and if you see thing for the second one and if you see thing for the second one and if you see it is very less five. So probably it it is very less five. So probably it it is very less five. So probably it would be able to help you understand would be able to help you understand would be able to help you understand that which model is doing a better job that which model is doing a better job that which model is doing a better job in terms of predicting the housing in terms of predicting the housing in terms of predicting the housing prices or any other numerical variable. prices or any other numerical variable. prices or any other numerical variable. And there is another statistic which has And there is another statistic which has And there is another statistic which has been used for identifying how good your been used for identifying how good your been used for identifying how good your model is which is called mean absolute model is which is called mean absolute model is which is called mean absolute percentage error. And that's basically percentage error. And that's basically percentage error. And that's basically the absolute difference between the the absolute difference between the the absolute difference between the actual value and the predicted value actual value and the predicted value actual value and the predicted value absolute terms. and you sum it up all absolute terms. and you sum it up all absolute terms. and you sum it up all the values for all the entries and the values for all the entries and the values for all the entries and divide it by number of all the value of divide it by number of all the value of divide it by number of all the value of absolute value of your actual values and absolute value of your actual values and absolute value of your actual values and it can help you understand that what is it can help you understand that what is it can help you understand that what is the average percentage your predicted the average percentage your predicted the average percentage your predicted values are different from the actual values are different from the actual values are different from the actual values. So sometime if you see it will values. So sometime if you see it will values. So sometime if you see it will be somewhere in percentages. So what be somewhere in percentages. So what be somewhere in percentages. So what I've done is I've taken the absolute I've done is I've taken the absolute I've done is I've taken the absolute difference between this value and the difference between this value and the difference between this value and the predictions I sum it up and divide it by predictions I sum it up and divide it by predictions I sum it up and divide it by sum of my input values. So whatever sum of my input values. So whatever sum of my input values. So whatever value comes in you can say okay it's 5%. value comes in you can say okay it's 5%. value comes in you can say okay it's 5%. So it'll be fair to say that your model So it'll be fair to say that your model So it'll be fair to say that your model is 5% off from the actual values or the is 5% off from the actual values or the is 5% off from the actual values or the error term in your model is let's say 5% error term in your model is let's say 5% error term in your model is let's say 5% or 6%. And whatever predictions you're or 6%. And whatever predictions you're or 6%. And whatever predictions you're making from the model you can keep a making from the model you can keep a making from the model you can keep a buffer of that percentage when you share buffer of that percentage when you share buffer of that percentage when you share it with the team. And what I mean is it with the team. And what I mean is it with the team. And what I mean is that let's say your mean absolute that let's say your mean absolute that let's say your mean absolute percentage error is around 10% and it's percentage error is around 10% and it's percentage error is around 10% and it's about the sales of a company. So when about the sales of a company. So when about the sales of a company. So when you share this forecast you say that my you share this forecast you say that my you share this forecast you say that my predictions are around 90% accurate they predictions are around 90% accurate they predictions are around 90% accurate they may be actual sales may be plus - 10 may be actual sales may be plus - 10 may be actual sales may be plus - 10 percentage. So this can help you giving percentage. So this can help you giving percentage. So this can help you giving this kind of variability in your this kind of variability in your this kind of variability in your predictions. However you have predictions. However you have predictions. However you have implemented code in python itself or the implemented code in python itself or the implemented code in python itself or the scikitlearn library you can call mean scikitlearn library you can call mean scikitlearn library you can call mean squared error the function from skarn squared error the function from skarn squared error the function from skarn and it can help you calculate the MSC and it can help you calculate the MSC and it can help you calculate the MSC for a given model. So basically there for a given model. So basically there for a given model. So basically there was a very quick introduction to linear was a very quick introduction to linear was a very quick introduction to linear regression. Though there are different regression. Though there are different regression. Though there are different applications but one thing remain common applications but one thing remain common applications but one thing remain common that we are trying to predict the that we are trying to predict the that we are trying to predict the dependent variable whose nature or the dependent variable whose nature or the dependent variable whose nature or the type of dependent variable is a type of dependent variable is a type of dependent variable is a numerical or continuous data. Some of numerical or continuous data. Some of numerical or continuous data. Some of the applications like predicting life the applications like predicting life the applications like predicting life expectancy based on these features like expectancy based on these features like expectancy based on these features like eating patterns, medications, disease eating patterns, medications, disease eating patterns, medications, disease etc. You can predict housing price. We etc. You can predict housing price. We etc. You can predict housing price. We have already seen the example on that. have already seen the example on that. have already seen the example on that. We can predict the weight on different We can predict the weight on different We can predict the weight on different features like sex, weight, prior features like sex, weight, prior features like sex, weight, prior information about parents and all. And information about parents and all. And information about parents and all. And you can also predict the crop yield of you can also predict the crop yield of you can also predict the crop yield of crop based on different parameters like crop based on different parameters like crop based on different parameters like rainfall and all. And as I said this rainfall and all. And as I said this rainfall and all. And as I said this like very limited uh use case uh list. like very limited uh use case uh list. like very limited uh use case uh list. I'm sure people who are working with I'm sure people who are working with I'm sure people who are working with sales department you have to make sales department you have to make sales department you have to make predictions how much would be the sales. predictions how much would be the sales. predictions how much would be the sales. People who are working with call centers People who are working with call centers People who are working with call centers you need to predict what would be the you need to predict what would be the you need to predict what would be the number of calls for next month. people number of calls for next month. people number of calls for next month. people who are working with marketing you need who are working with marketing you need who are working with marketing you need to predict what would be the footfall in to predict what would be the footfall in to predict what would be the footfall in a given company or a mall. So there are a given company or a mall. So there are a given company or a mall. So there are different applications of regression different applications of regression different applications of regression models but one thing is common across models but one thing is common across models but one thing is common across all these applications is that the all these applications is that the all these applications is that the dependent variable which we are trying dependent variable which we are trying dependent variable which we are trying to forecast is of continuous data type. to forecast is of continuous data type. to forecast is of continuous data type. So let's get moving to the next agenda So let's get moving to the next agenda So let's get moving to the next agenda for logistic regression. So at the time for logistic regression. So at the time for logistic regression. So at the time of the introduction to machine learning, of the introduction to machine learning, of the introduction to machine learning, we discussed there are two kind of we discussed there are two kind of we discussed there are two kind of supervised learning techniques, one is supervised learning techniques, one is supervised learning techniques, one is regression and other one is regression and other one is regression and other one is classification. And the major classification. And the major classification. And the major differentiating factor between the two differentiating factor between the two differentiating factor between the two were that in regression we held a were that in regression we held a were that in regression we held a dependent variable of continuous values dependent variable of continuous values dependent variable of continuous values and in classification problems we had a and in classification problems we had a and in classification problems we had a dependent variable of categorical types. dependent variable of categorical types. dependent variable of categorical types. So let's take an example of how we can So let's take an example of how we can So let's take an example of how we can do it. So here let's take a use case do it. So here let's take a use case do it. So here let's take a use case where we have got some information about where we have got some information about where we have got some information about some customers and the data set looks some customers and the data set looks some customers and the data set looks like this that we have some customer ID like this that we have some customer ID like this that we have some customer ID or user ids gender of the customer or or user ids gender of the customer or or user ids gender of the customer or the user his or her age estimated salary the user his or her age estimated salary the user his or her age estimated salary every month so you can think of in any every month so you can think of in any every month so you can think of in any one of the currency either INR or one of the currency either INR or one of the currency either INR or dollars and whether this user purchased dollars and whether this user purchased dollars and whether this user purchased an SUV or not. So as I was saying an SUV or not. So as I was saying an SUV or not. So as I was saying earlier the dependent variable here is 0 earlier the dependent variable here is 0 earlier the dependent variable here is 0 and one. So it's a discrete value or and one. So it's a discrete value or and one. So it's a discrete value or categorical value which we need to categorical value which we need to categorical value which we need to predict and the features which we'll be predict and the features which we'll be predict and the features which we'll be using in the model are age and using in the model are age and using in the model are age and estimation. estimation. estimation. Why we would need a logistic regression Why we would need a logistic regression Why we would need a logistic regression kind of algorithm? It would be a kind of algorithm? It would be a kind of algorithm? It would be a straightforward process that if I take straightforward process that if I take straightforward process that if I take purchase as a numerical value 0 and one purchase as a numerical value 0 and one purchase as a numerical value 0 and one and I take some input features like age and I take some input features like age and I take some input features like age and estimated salary and you will be and estimated salary and you will be and estimated salary and you will be right in saying to some extent that this right in saying to some extent that this right in saying to some extent that this is a possibility of doing it. So there is a possibility of doing it. So there is a possibility of doing it. So there are two major problems coming if we are two major problems coming if we are two major problems coming if we follow this and some of you can help me follow this and some of you can help me follow this and some of you can help me what may be the problems if I try using what may be the problems if I try using what may be the problems if I try using the linear regression for solving this the linear regression for solving this the linear regression for solving this kind of problem. But one limitation I kind of problem. But one limitation I kind of problem. But one limitation I can think of is that here I'm looking can think of is that here I'm looking can think of is that here I'm looking for an output which can give me some for an output which can give me some for an output which can give me some kind of probability that how likely I am kind of probability that how likely I am kind of probability that how likely I am to buy a product or service. So one to buy a product or service. So one to buy a product or service. So one thing the limitation or the restriction thing the limitation or the restriction thing the limitation or the restriction with probability is that the probability with probability is that the probability with probability is that the probability term should be between zero and one and term should be between zero and one and term should be between zero and one and zero signifies that there is no zero signifies that there is no zero signifies that there is no probability or there is no likelihood of probability or there is no likelihood of probability or there is no likelihood of event happening and one means that it's event happening and one means that it's event happening and one means that it's certain that the event will happen. certain that the event will happen. certain that the event will happen. There is no possibility that we can have There is no possibility that we can have There is no possibility that we can have probability values less than zero or probability values less than zero or probability values less than zero or greater than one. So if I'm fitting a greater than one. So if I'm fitting a greater than one. So if I'm fitting a linear model taking the purchased column linear model taking the purchased column linear model taking the purchased column as my dependent variable, my values as my dependent variable, my values as my dependent variable, my values because the linear regression has no because the linear regression has no because the linear regression has no such limitations can pass these values such limitations can pass these values such limitations can pass these values beyond one or less than zero. So what I beyond one or less than zero. So what I beyond one or less than zero. So what I require is that I fit the model in the require is that I fit the model in the require is that I fit the model in the similar fashion like I did the linear similar fashion like I did the linear similar fashion like I did the linear regression the equation I used earlier. that I want that information would be that I want that information would be that I want that information would be coming from my features in the similar coming from my features in the similar coming from my features in the similar fashion. But what I want actually is fashion. But what I want actually is fashion. But what I want actually is that this y should be mapped to the that this y should be mapped to the that this y should be mapped to the values between 0 and one. And given the values between 0 and one. And given the values between 0 and one. And given the limitation we have just talked about limitation we have just talked about limitation we have just talked about probability that it should be between 0 probability that it should be between 0 probability that it should be between 0 and 1. It should not go beyond one and and 1. It should not go beyond one and and 1. It should not go beyond one and less than zero. I need to find ways if I less than zero. I need to find ways if I less than zero. I need to find ways if I can kind of force fit or kind of force can kind of force fit or kind of force can kind of force fit or kind of force this y value which would be coming from this y value which would be coming from this y value which would be coming from this equation and I force fit into a this equation and I force fit into a this equation and I force fit into a values between 0 and 1. So to solve this values between 0 and 1. So to solve this values between 0 and 1. So to solve this problem there was a function called problem there was a function called problem there was a function called sigmoid activation function which would sigmoid activation function which would sigmoid activation function which would be extensively being used in our uh deep be extensively being used in our uh deep be extensively being used in our uh deep learning as well at different places. learning as well at different places. learning as well at different places. But logistic regression comes from this But logistic regression comes from this But logistic regression comes from this activation function itself which is a activation function itself which is a activation function itself which is a function looks something like this that function looks something like this that function looks something like this that output value would be 1 / 1 + e ^ - x output value would be 1 / 1 + e ^ - x output value would be 1 / 1 + e ^ - x and x is not actually the one of the and x is not actually the one of the and x is not actually the one of the input but any value we are giving it. input but any value we are giving it. input but any value we are giving it. And if you fit any value into this And if you fit any value into this And if you fit any value into this particular equation it can convert any particular equation it can convert any particular equation it can convert any value between minus infinity to plus value between minus infinity to plus value between minus infinity to plus infinity. It will map it to between 0 infinity. It will map it to between 0 infinity. It will map it to between 0 and 1. If your value of x which you are and 1. If your value of x which you are and 1. If your value of x which you are putting in here, I could have selected a putting in here, I could have selected a putting in here, I could have selected a different value, different name at different value, different name at different value, different name at least. But if you give the highly least. But if you give the highly least. But if you give the highly negative value, the output would be very negative value, the output would be very negative value, the output would be very very close to zero. If this input is very close to zero. If this input is very close to zero. If this input is positive, then the output would be close positive, then the output would be close positive, then the output would be close to 1. If the value of x the input here to 1. If the value of x the input here to 1. If the value of x the input here becomes zero, what would be the output? becomes zero, what would be the output? becomes zero, what would be the output? 1x2 because any values power 0 is equal 1x2 because any values power 0 is equal 1x2 because any values power 0 is equal to 1 and 1 / 1 + 1 would be equal to 1x to 1 and 1 / 1 + 1 would be equal to 1x to 1 and 1 / 1 + 1 would be equal to 1x 2 or half. So logistic regression is 2 or half. So logistic regression is 2 or half. So logistic regression is nothing but an extension of your linear nothing but an extension of your linear nothing but an extension of your linear regression itself with one additional regression itself with one additional regression itself with one additional fact that you want to force fit your fact that you want to force fit your fact that you want to force fit your output between zero and one and for that output between zero and one and for that output between zero and one and for that you are using activation function called you are using activation function called you are using activation function called sigmoid activation function or sometime sigmoid activation function or sometime sigmoid activation function or sometime it's also been called logistic it's also been called logistic it's also been called logistic activation function to do the same task. activation function to do the same task. activation function to do the same task. So this is an intuition behind your So this is an intuition behind your So this is an intuition behind your logistic regression where you take logistic regression where you take logistic regression where you take values of your equation from intercept values of your equation from intercept values of your equation from intercept and different coefficients for your and different coefficients for your and different coefficients for your input and you map these outputs between input and you map these outputs between input and you map these outputs between 0 and one. So once we have understood 0 and one. So once we have understood 0 and one. So once we have understood that logistic regression is nothing but that logistic regression is nothing but that logistic regression is nothing but the extension of your linear regression the extension of your linear regression the extension of your linear regression only with a restriction on the output only with a restriction on the output only with a restriction on the output being mapped between 0 and one. We are being mapped between 0 and one. We are being mapped between 0 and one. We are shifting had we are fitting the shifting had we are fitting the shifting had we are fitting the regression equation we would be having regression equation we would be having regression equation we would be having scenarios where the value would be going scenarios where the value would be going scenarios where the value would be going beyond one or less than zero and to beyond one or less than zero and to beyond one or less than zero and to avoid this scenario we fit in logistic avoid this scenario we fit in logistic avoid this scenario we fit in logistic regression with the help of sigmoid regression with the help of sigmoid regression with the help of sigmoid activation function which looks like activation function which looks like activation function which looks like this and if you see as I was saying when this and if you see as I was saying when this and if you see as I was saying when your value of your model go beyond let's your value of your model go beyond let's your value of your model go beyond let's say this is R0 so all the values which say this is R0 so all the values which say this is R0 so all the values which are positive and greater than zero the are positive and greater than zero the are positive and greater than zero the curve goes and tangential towards one curve goes and tangential towards one curve goes and tangential towards one and for all the values which are less and for all the values which are less and for all the values which are less than zero it goes towards zero and at than zero it goes towards zero and at than zero it goes towards zero and at the place of zero the probability is 0.5 the place of zero the probability is 0.5 the place of zero the probability is 0.5 so it's a 50% probability if your output so it's a 50% probability if your output so it's a 50% probability if your output is very much close to zero or it's zero is very much close to zero or it's zero is very much close to zero or it's zero it can be used for multiple scenarios it can be used for multiple scenarios it can be used for multiple scenarios one of the example we are taking is the one of the example we are taking is the one of the example we are taking is the example whether somebody will buy an SUV example whether somebody will buy an SUV example whether somebody will buy an SUV or not but if you're trying to solve or not but if you're trying to solve or not but if you're trying to solve problems like somebody will say yes or problems like somebody will say yes or problems like somebody will say yes or no to a product or service or whether no to a product or service or whether no to a product or service or whether something is true or false or high low something is true or false or high low something is true or false or high low or any different categories theories but or any different categories theories but or any different categories theories but logistic regression can easily be put in logistic regression can easily be put in logistic regression can easily be put in for multiclass classification problems for multiclass classification problems for multiclass classification problems and basically if I just give you a very and basically if I just give you a very and basically if I just give you a very quick introduction how it works is that quick introduction how it works is that quick introduction how it works is that in multiclass classifications it kind of in multiclass classifications it kind of in multiclass classifications it kind of does mapping that one class versus rest does mapping that one class versus rest does mapping that one class versus rest of the other classes and then same of the other classes and then same of the other classes and then same analogy follows that which class a analogy follows that which class a analogy follows that which class a particular event would be associated particular event would be associated particular event would be associated with but end of the day for whichever with but end of the day for whichever with but end of the day for whichever class or category the probability is class or category the probability is class or category the probability is highest the model will predict that uh highest the model will predict that uh highest the model will predict that uh it should we belong to that particular it should we belong to that particular it should we belong to that particular class like MSC. We have a statistic or a class like MSC. We have a statistic or a class like MSC. We have a statistic or a parameter to evaluate how good your parameter to evaluate how good your parameter to evaluate how good your model is doing and that was a parameter model is doing and that was a parameter model is doing and that was a parameter to check that what is the difference to check that what is the difference to check that what is the difference between the actual value and the between the actual value and the between the actual value and the predicted value and how we were doing predicted value and how we were doing predicted value and how we were doing it. We were taking the value which was it. We were taking the value which was it. We were taking the value which was actual subtracting the predicted value actual subtracting the predicted value actual subtracting the predicted value taking square of it. Do it for all the taking square of it. Do it for all the taking square of it. Do it for all the examples and divide it by number of examples and divide it by number of examples and divide it by number of training examples we have and then it training examples we have and then it training examples we have and then it gives you some number and I was also gives you some number and I was also gives you some number and I was also saying that this number is helpful in saying that this number is helpful in saying that this number is helpful in kind of comparing different models. So kind of comparing different models. So kind of comparing different models. So let's say you fit a model, I fit a model let's say you fit a model, I fit a model let's say you fit a model, I fit a model and we compare MSC for both of them. and we compare MSC for both of them. and we compare MSC for both of them. Whichever model is giving me a lesser Whichever model is giving me a lesser Whichever model is giving me a lesser MSE, it is kind of an indication that MSE, it is kind of an indication that MSE, it is kind of an indication that probably your model is doing a better probably your model is doing a better probably your model is doing a better job in terms of prediction than mine. In job in terms of prediction than mine. In job in terms of prediction than mine. In a similar fashion, we needed a kind of a a similar fashion, we needed a kind of a a similar fashion, we needed a kind of a statistic to see how good your model is statistic to see how good your model is statistic to see how good your model is doing when your model is doing a doing when your model is doing a doing when your model is doing a classification problem. So here there classification problem. So here there classification problem. So here there are four categories that let's say we are four categories that let's say we are four categories that let's say we have only two classes good and bad have only two classes good and bad have only two classes good and bad actual values good and bad and what your actual values good and bad and what your actual values good and bad and what your model is predicting good and bad. So model is predicting good and bad. So model is predicting good and bad. So four examples which belong to good four examples which belong to good four examples which belong to good category and your model is also category and your model is also category and your model is also predicting them good category. So this predicting them good category. So this predicting them good category. So this type of events or examples are called type of events or examples are called type of events or examples are called true positives because your model is true positives because your model is true positives because your model is doing correct prediction on positive doing correct prediction on positive doing correct prediction on positive examples. Another category which is your examples. Another category which is your examples. Another category which is your actual value for those examples is bad. actual value for those examples is bad. actual value for those examples is bad. They belong to bad category and your They belong to bad category and your They belong to bad category and your model is also predicting them bad. These model is also predicting them bad. These model is also predicting them bad. These are called true negatives and these are are called true negatives and these are are called true negatives and these are correct predictions because whatever the correct predictions because whatever the correct predictions because whatever the actual value is your model is also actual value is your model is also actual value is your model is also predicting the same thing. However, predicting the same thing. However, predicting the same thing. However, there are two categories where your there are two categories where your there are two categories where your actual value was bad but your model is actual value was bad but your model is actual value was bad but your model is predicting good. These kind of examples predicting good. These kind of examples predicting good. These kind of examples are called false positive because your are called false positive because your are called false positive because your model is falsely predicting then these model is falsely predicting then these model is falsely predicting then these are good examples. And another category are good examples. And another category are good examples. And another category or last category is called false or last category is called false or last category is called false negative where actual value were good negative where actual value were good negative where actual value were good and your model is predicting bad. So how and your model is predicting bad. So how and your model is predicting bad. So how do you learn or how does your model say do you learn or how does your model say do you learn or how does your model say that which model is doing good job. So that which model is doing good job. So that which model is doing good job. So what we do is we calculate what is the what we do is we calculate what is the what we do is we calculate what is the percentage of values examples have been percentage of values examples have been percentage of values examples have been predicted correctly. These sections in predicted correctly. These sections in predicted correctly. These sections in blue true positive and true negatives blue true positive and true negatives blue true positive and true negatives these are the examples which your model these are the examples which your model these are the examples which your model has been able to predict correctly. And has been able to predict correctly. And has been able to predict correctly. And these two groups false positive and these two groups false positive and these two groups false positive and false negative are the incorrect false negative are the incorrect false negative are the incorrect predictions. So what we do is we just predictions. So what we do is we just predictions. So what we do is we just want to take what is the percentage of want to take what is the percentage of want to take what is the percentage of correct predictions. And this matrix is correct predictions. And this matrix is correct predictions. And this matrix is also called confusion matrix. also called confusion matrix. also called confusion matrix. Let's say there are some examples out of Let's say there are some examples out of Let's say there are some examples out of which 65 examples were there where which 65 examples were there where which 65 examples were there where actually they were good category actually they were good category actually they were good category examples and your model is also examples and your model is also examples and your model is also predicting them as good class good predicting them as good class good predicting them as good class good category examples. 44 are those where category examples. 44 are those where category examples. 44 are those where they belong to the bad category and your they belong to the bad category and your they belong to the bad category and your model is also predicting them bad. This model is also predicting them bad. This model is also predicting them bad. This is 44 and eight are uh actual bad and is 44 and eight are uh actual bad and is 44 and eight are uh actual bad and prediction is good and four are actually prediction is good and four are actually prediction is good and four are actually good and uh predicted bad. What you do good and uh predicted bad. What you do good and uh predicted bad. What you do is you sum up all the correct examples is you sum up all the correct examples is you sum up all the correct examples 64 and 44 and divided it by all the 64 and 44 and divided it by all the 64 and 44 and divided it by all the examples in your data set all correct examples in your data set all correct examples in your data set all correct and incorrect ones and here you get 89%. and incorrect ones and here you get 89%. and incorrect ones and here you get 89%. So all you can say that your model is So all you can say that your model is So all you can say that your model is being able to predict 89% accurately or being able to predict 89% accurately or being able to predict 89% accurately or if you want to explain it to your if you want to explain it to your if you want to explain it to your business team and say that whenever I business team and say that whenever I business team and say that whenever I give you a prediction that uh 100 give you a prediction that uh 100 give you a prediction that uh 100 customers will churn and I give you a customers will churn and I give you a customers will churn and I give you a list of 100 customers I can say with list of 100 customers I can say with list of 100 customers I can say with certaintity that at least 89 will churn certaintity that at least 89 will churn certaintity that at least 89 will churn from them with some certaintity. So from them with some certaintity. So from them with some certaintity. So because your model has given you 89% because your model has given you 89% because your model has given you 89% accuracy. So that that's how it's been accuracy. So that that's how it's been accuracy. So that that's how it's been kind of communicated to business teams kind of communicated to business teams kind of communicated to business teams that we are thinking that our model is that we are thinking that our model is that we are thinking that our model is 99% accurate and whatever prediction we 99% accurate and whatever prediction we 99% accurate and whatever prediction we are giving we are very very certain but are giving we are very very certain but are giving we are very very certain but if your model accuracy is 70 or 60% then if your model accuracy is 70 or 60% then if your model accuracy is 70 or 60% then when you give the predictions to your when you give the predictions to your when you give the predictions to your business team you say that okay though business team you say that okay though business team you say that okay though we are giving you the predictions but we we are giving you the predictions but we we are giving you the predictions but we are not very certain whether it'll work are not very certain whether it'll work are not very certain whether it'll work correctly or not. So this accuracy correctly or not. So this accuracy correctly or not. So this accuracy percentage is in a similar fashion like percentage is in a similar fashion like percentage is in a similar fashion like we did for linear regression as MSC to we did for linear regression as MSC to we did for linear regression as MSC to identify how good the predictions are. identify how good the predictions are. identify how good the predictions are. Your accuracy percentage is another Your accuracy percentage is another Your accuracy percentage is another metric to see how close or how correct metric to see how close or how correct metric to see how close or how correct the predictions has been. So now we can the predictions has been. So now we can the predictions has been. So now we can see the implementation of logistic see the implementation of logistic see the implementation of logistic regression in Python. So first few lines regression in Python. So first few lines regression in Python. So first few lines if you see we are importing the if you see we are importing the if you see we are importing the libraries or the machine learning libraries or the machine learning libraries or the machine learning libraries which we require to do the libraries which we require to do the libraries which we require to do the data manipulations. We are importing the data manipulations. We are importing the data manipulations. We are importing the data which is a CSV format and this data data which is a CSV format and this data data which is a CSV format and this data is already available on your LMS. If you is already available on your LMS. If you is already available on your LMS. If you want to import you can easily import want to import you can easily import want to import you can easily import from the LMS itself unlike the Boston from the LMS itself unlike the Boston from the LMS itself unlike the Boston data set which we were importing from data set which we were importing from data set which we were importing from the library itself. Here we have got a the library itself. Here we have got a the library itself. Here we have got a flat file as social network ads. CSV and flat file as social network ads. CSV and flat file as social network ads. CSV and you can call read CSV function of pandas you can call read CSV function of pandas you can call read CSV function of pandas library to import the data. So you are library to import the data. So you are library to import the data. So you are importing the data as data set and as I importing the data as data set and as I importing the data as data set and as I said head showcase the top five rows of said head showcase the top five rows of said head showcase the top five rows of your data. So here we have only five your data. So here we have only five your data. So here we have only five columns. One is user ID, gender, age and columns. One is user ID, gender, age and columns. One is user ID, gender, age and salary. And the last column is our salary. And the last column is our salary. And the last column is our dependent variable which signifies dependent variable which signifies dependent variable which signifies whether a customer or a user bought the whether a customer or a user bought the whether a customer or a user bought the SUV or not. So it's 0 and one and one SUV or not. So it's 0 and one and one SUV or not. So it's 0 and one and one means the person bought. In the previous means the person bought. In the previous means the person bought. In the previous code, we used one convention of code, we used one convention of code, we used one convention of selecting X and Y. Here we are selecting X and Y. Here we are selecting X and Y. Here we are showcasing another way of selecting showcasing another way of selecting showcasing another way of selecting that's called eyelock. So we are looking that's called eyelock. So we are looking that's called eyelock. So we are looking for the location and this convention if for the location and this convention if for the location and this convention if I go through what we are doing here that I go through what we are doing here that I go through what we are doing here that this is the data set within the data set this is the data set within the data set this is the data set within the data set we are specifying the locations. This we are specifying the locations. This we are specifying the locations. This colon means that we want all the rows colon means that we want all the rows colon means that we want all the rows and as I was saying earlier that in and as I was saying earlier that in and as I was saying earlier that in Python the index start from zero. So Python the index start from zero. So Python the index start from zero. So what we are saying we want column 2 and what we are saying we want column 2 and what we are saying we want column 2 and three. So what we mean that this is zero three. So what we mean that this is zero three. So what we mean that this is zero this is one this is 2 and three. So we this is one this is 2 and three. So we this is one this is 2 and three. So we want as our input features two and three want as our input features two and three want as our input features two and three and the values. So it'll be creating an and the values. So it'll be creating an and the values. So it'll be creating an array of these two columns. We could array of these two columns. We could array of these two columns. We could have used gender but I will leave it to have used gender but I will leave it to have used gender but I will leave it to you that first we need to create the you that first we need to create the you that first we need to create the gender as a vector of 0 and one. So you gender as a vector of 0 and one. So you gender as a vector of 0 and one. So you can create a function which will say can create a function which will say can create a function which will say okay if gender is equal to male then one okay if gender is equal to male then one okay if gender is equal to male then one else zero or you can create dummy else zero or you can create dummy else zero or you can create dummy variables there are function available variables there are function available variables there are function available in scikitlearn. So it's an exercise for in scikitlearn. So it's an exercise for in scikitlearn. So it's an exercise for you that this is the code already you that this is the code already you that this is the code already available but I would encourage that if available but I would encourage that if available but I would encourage that if you can also include gender information you can also include gender information you can also include gender information into your model. The next line of code into your model. The next line of code into your model. The next line of code why we are saying the dependent variable why we are saying the dependent variable why we are saying the dependent variable is all the rows and column number four. is all the rows and column number four. is all the rows and column number four. So column number four is your purchase So column number four is your purchase So column number four is your purchase information whether a customer bought information whether a customer bought information whether a customer bought the SUV or not and again the values to the SUV or not and again the values to the SUV or not and again the values to convert into a kind of list format. So convert into a kind of list format. So convert into a kind of list format. So we have specified two things. The two we have specified two things. The two we have specified two things. The two columns is the information about the columns is the information about the columns is the information about the input features or the information about input features or the information about input features or the information about the user in terms of how much money they the user in terms of how much money they the user in terms of how much money they make and what their age is and make and what their age is and make and what their age is and information of why whether a customer information of why whether a customer information of why whether a customer bought the SUV or not. And the next line bought the SUV or not. And the next line bought the SUV or not. And the next line we are doing the train and test split we are doing the train and test split we are doing the train and test split for the same stuff to evaluate whether for the same stuff to evaluate whether for the same stuff to evaluate whether the predictions been made by the model the predictions been made by the model the predictions been made by the model on the training data set on which the on the training data set on which the on the training data set on which the model was learned is still doing the model was learned is still doing the model was learned is still doing the correct classification on the data set correct classification on the data set correct classification on the data set or the test data set which was not or the test data set which was not or the test data set which was not involved at the time of training and involved at the time of training and involved at the time of training and this 0.25 means that we are selecting this 0.25 means that we are selecting this 0.25 means that we are selecting 25% of the data for test and remaining 25% of the data for test and remaining 25% of the data for test and remaining 75% for our train. What is the correct 75% for our train. What is the correct 75% for our train. What is the correct split of train and test? Normally it is split of train and test? Normally it is split of train and test? Normally it is correct to choose between something like correct to choose between something like correct to choose between something like 6040 or 7030 or 80/20. If your data set 6040 or 7030 or 80/20. If your data set 6040 or 7030 or 80/20. If your data set is big enough then I think having 80/20 is big enough then I think having 80/20 is big enough then I think having 80/20 kind of split is good or whatever you kind of split is good or whatever you kind of split is good or whatever you can try these different combinations but can try these different combinations but can try these different combinations but as a rule of thumb most of the time I as a rule of thumb most of the time I as a rule of thumb most of the time I have seen people taking something like have seen people taking something like have seen people taking something like 6040 or 7030 kind of distribution 6040 or 7030 kind of distribution 6040 or 7030 kind of distribution between actual value and the predicted between actual value and the predicted between actual value and the predicted value. Now there is one important thing value. Now there is one important thing value. Now there is one important thing for data prep-processing and this for data prep-processing and this for data prep-processing and this selection which I have made for doing selection which I have made for doing selection which I have made for doing the data prep-processing and some of you the data prep-processing and some of you the data prep-processing and some of you who come from the machine learning who come from the machine learning who come from the machine learning background will already know that how background will already know that how background will already know that how important it is to kind of scale your important it is to kind of scale your important it is to kind of scale your data and what do I mean by scaling that data and what do I mean by scaling that data and what do I mean by scaling that if you look at the data set which we are if you look at the data set which we are if you look at the data set which we are using for input one is the age column using for input one is the age column using for input one is the age column and second one is the income column age and second one is the income column age and second one is the income column age can be somewhere between let's say 1 to can be somewhere between let's say 1 to can be somewhere between let's say 1 to 100 or 120 20 at max and your income is 100 or 120 20 at max and your income is 100 or 120 20 at max and your income is in like some thousand and some 100,000 in like some thousand and some 100,000 in like some thousand and some 100,000 numbers. Both these values are on numbers. Both these values are on numbers. Both these values are on different scale. Scaling your data on different scale. Scaling your data on different scale. Scaling your data on let's say all the values between 0 and 1 let's say all the values between 0 and 1 let's say all the values between 0 and 1 will help me understand that what is the will help me understand that what is the will help me understand that what is the importance of each variable. For for importance of each variable. For for importance of each variable. For for example, if you look at a regression example, if you look at a regression example, if you look at a regression equation and you see those coefficient equation and you see those coefficient equation and you see those coefficient B1 B2 for all the input features, these B1 B2 for all the input features, these B1 B2 for all the input features, these feature or these coefficients can give feature or these coefficients can give feature or these coefficients can give you kind of indication that how you kind of indication that how you kind of indication that how important a particular variable is. But important a particular variable is. But important a particular variable is. But this intuition will only be correct if this intuition will only be correct if this intuition will only be correct if all my features were on the same scale. all my features were on the same scale. all my features were on the same scale. If these features like age and salary If these features like age and salary If these features like age and salary when they are on different scales, you when they are on different scales, you when they are on different scales, you will not be able to compare what these will not be able to compare what these will not be able to compare what these coefficient really mean because there coefficient really mean because there coefficient really mean because there are two different scale your values come are two different scale your values come are two different scale your values come from. So it is always a good idea to from. So it is always a good idea to from. So it is always a good idea to have all your features on the same have all your features on the same have all your features on the same scale. There are multiple ways of doing scale. There are multiple ways of doing scale. There are multiple ways of doing it and there are multiple type of it and there are multiple type of it and there are multiple type of scaling parameters. The simplest one is scaling parameters. The simplest one is scaling parameters. The simplest one is called minmax standardization. And what called minmax standardization. And what called minmax standardization. And what does it mean is that for a given column does it mean is that for a given column does it mean is that for a given column let's say we are talking about age let's say we are talking about age let's say we are talking about age column which is 19 35 26. If I need to column which is 19 35 26. If I need to column which is 19 35 26. If I need to do minmax standardization what do I mean do minmax standardization what do I mean do minmax standardization what do I mean is that I take the value it is let's say is that I take the value it is let's say is that I take the value it is let's say 19 and minimum value here is let's say 19 and minimum value here is let's say 19 and minimum value here is let's say 19. I have only these five values. So 19. I have only these five values. So 19. I have only these five values. So how it works is that this is the how it works is that this is the how it works is that this is the formula. This is the value or how it's formula. This is the value or how it's formula. This is the value or how it's being presented. X I minus the minimum being presented. X I minus the minimum being presented. X I minus the minimum value of the column. So let's say age value of the column. So let's say age value of the column. So let's say age divided by max of age minus minimum of divided by max of age minus minimum of divided by max of age minus minimum of range as well. But basically what this range as well. But basically what this range as well. But basically what this formula will do if I do it for all the formula will do if I do it for all the formula will do if I do it for all the values in the age column, it will be values in the age column, it will be values in the age column, it will be converting all the values between 0 and converting all the values between 0 and converting all the values between 0 and one. And there are other ways. I also one. And there are other ways. I also one. And there are other ways. I also said that there are normalization said that there are normalization said that there are normalization process which is like you take the value process which is like you take the value process which is like you take the value minus the average value divide by the minus the average value divide by the minus the average value divide by the standard deviation if I call it standard deviation if I call it standard deviation if I call it correctly. So whichever method we apply correctly. So whichever method we apply correctly. So whichever method we apply all I saying is that these values of age all I saying is that these values of age all I saying is that these values of age and salary should be brought to the same and salary should be brought to the same and salary should be brought to the same scale. So if I'm applying this minmax scale. So if I'm applying this minmax scale. So if I'm applying this minmax standardization I'll apply to both my standardization I'll apply to both my standardization I'll apply to both my columns so that both these variables are columns so that both these variables are columns so that both these variables are on the same scale and I should be able on the same scale and I should be able on the same scale and I should be able to use them in my model. And this is to use them in my model. And this is to use them in my model. And this is again a very important thing that again a very important thing that again a very important thing that whenever you do standardization you will whenever you do standardization you will whenever you do standardization you will be using this process that you fit the be using this process that you fit the be using this process that you fit the normalization or standard scaler on the normalization or standard scaler on the normalization or standard scaler on the train data set and you use the same train data set and you use the same train data set and you use the same learned standardization from the train learned standardization from the train learned standardization from the train on the test data set. But basically how on the test data set. But basically how on the test data set. But basically how it helps that your data set on which it helps that your data set on which it helps that your data set on which your model is being trained it will be your model is being trained it will be your model is being trained it will be converting the values between 0 and one converting the values between 0 and one converting the values between 0 and one based on the minimum and maximum values. based on the minimum and maximum values. based on the minimum and maximum values. If the test data set have different If the test data set have different If the test data set have different minimum and maximum values, it can have minimum and maximum values, it can have minimum and maximum values, it can have different value for the same number. So different value for the same number. So different value for the same number. So that's why the process is that we make that's why the process is that we make that's why the process is that we make our standardization fit on the training our standardization fit on the training our standardization fit on the training data set and use the same minimum and data set and use the same minimum and data set and use the same minimum and maximum value for test normalization as maximum value for test normalization as maximum value for test normalization as well. It gives the same scale for all well. It gives the same scale for all well. It gives the same scale for all the values and for model predictions. the values and for model predictions. the values and for model predictions. It's very helpful. In a similar fashion It's very helpful. In a similar fashion It's very helpful. In a similar fashion like we called a linear regression like we called a linear regression like we called a linear regression object from scikitlearn in the previous object from scikitlearn in the previous object from scikitlearn in the previous example in exact same way we can call a example in exact same way we can call a example in exact same way we can call a logistic regression function from the logistic regression function from the logistic regression function from the scikitlearn. So it's a scikitlearn scikitlearn. So it's a scikitlearn scikitlearn. So it's a scikitlearn linear model and we are importing linear model and we are importing linear model and we are importing logistic regression. Now um we are logistic regression. Now um we are logistic regression. Now um we are fitting the logistic regression between fitting the logistic regression between fitting the logistic regression between x train and y train the same way we did x train and y train the same way we did x train and y train the same way we did it earlier for the linear regression. it earlier for the linear regression. it earlier for the linear regression. And once it has been fit we can do the And once it has been fit we can do the And once it has been fit we can do the prediction for test data set. We are prediction for test data set. We are prediction for test data set. We are also doing the same thing that we are also doing the same thing that we are also doing the same thing that we are calling the function which was calling the function which was calling the function which was classifier for the logistic regression classifier for the logistic regression classifier for the logistic regression and we doing it on the X test data set. and we doing it on the X test data set. and we doing it on the X test data set. And here the default probability is 0.5. And here the default probability is 0.5. And here the default probability is 0.5. So what your algorithm is doing in the So what your algorithm is doing in the So what your algorithm is doing in the back end for all the examples wherever back end for all the examples wherever back end for all the examples wherever the probability in X test became greater the probability in X test became greater the probability in X test became greater than.5 it was tagged as one and for all than.5 it was tagged as one and for all than.5 it was tagged as one and for all the examples where probability was less the examples where probability was less the examples where probability was less than equal to.5 it was tagged as zero than equal to.5 it was tagged as zero than equal to.5 it was tagged as zero and now we are calling this function and now we are calling this function and now we are calling this function called confusion matrix between y test called confusion matrix between y test called confusion matrix between y test and yred. So we are comparing that what and yred. So we are comparing that what and yred. So we are comparing that what is the values of your true positive true is the values of your true positive true is the values of your true positive true negative false positive and false negative false positive and false negative false positive and false negative. So this is the values that negative. So this is the values that negative. So this is the values that these are the true positive these are these are the true positive these are these are the true positive these are true negative and these are the true negative and these are the true negative and these are the mclassification values and if you want mclassification values and if you want mclassification values and if you want to calculate the accuracy you can easily to calculate the accuracy you can easily to calculate the accuracy you can easily do it by 65 + 24 divided by 65 + 24 + 8 do it by 65 + 24 divided by 65 + 24 + 8 do it by 65 + 24 divided by 65 + 24 + 8 + 3. So all we are doing is we are + 3. So all we are doing is we are + 3. So all we are doing is we are trying to identify what is the trying to identify what is the trying to identify what is the percentage of correctly predicted percentage of correctly predicted percentage of correctly predicted numbers and uh this is the code of numbers and uh this is the code of numbers and uh this is the code of section. So it can do the prediction. If section. So it can do the prediction. If section. So it can do the prediction. If you see what it has done, basically if you see what it has done, basically if you see what it has done, basically if you look at the section that your you look at the section that your you look at the section that your regression model has fit this line and regression model has fit this line and regression model has fit this line and you can see it's a straight line and you can see it's a straight line and you can see it's a straight line and that is why in some of the text logistic that is why in some of the text logistic that is why in some of the text logistic regression is also being called a linear regression is also being called a linear regression is also being called a linear classifier. And why it is called linear classifier. And why it is called linear classifier. And why it is called linear classifier because it is predominantly classifier because it is predominantly classifier because it is predominantly being made for fitting a linear being made for fitting a linear being made for fitting a linear equation. The logistic regression equation. The logistic regression equation. The logistic regression equation was y= to a + b1 x1 b2 x2 and equation was y= to a + b1 x1 b2 x2 and equation was y= to a + b1 x1 b2 x2 and all these coefficients and respective all these coefficients and respective all these coefficients and respective inputs. But the highest power of your inputs. But the highest power of your inputs. But the highest power of your inputs were one and you would already inputs were one and you would already inputs were one and you would already know that if it's a polomial of power know that if it's a polomial of power know that if it's a polomial of power one it stand for a straight line. So one it stand for a straight line. So one it stand for a straight line. So that's why you can see a straight line. that's why you can see a straight line. that's why you can see a straight line. There are ways some of you would argue There are ways some of you would argue There are ways some of you would argue that you know we can fit a nonlinear that you know we can fit a nonlinear that you know we can fit a nonlinear line with the help of logistic line with the help of logistic line with the help of logistic regression. But you would also concede regression. But you would also concede regression. But you would also concede that there are some tricks which we use that there are some tricks which we use that there are some tricks which we use for creating nonlinear lines through for creating nonlinear lines through for creating nonlinear lines through logistic regression. For example, you logistic regression. For example, you logistic regression. For example, you introduce higher order polomials into introduce higher order polomials into introduce higher order polomials into your model so that the separation your model so that the separation your model so that the separation becomes nonlinear. These kind of becomes nonlinear. These kind of becomes nonlinear. These kind of algorithms are really helpful only algorithms are really helpful only algorithms are really helpful only solving the problems when the objects solving the problems when the objects solving the problems when the objects are linearly separable. When the are linearly separable. When the are linearly separable. When the separation between the objects is not separation between the objects is not separation between the objects is not linearly separable, these kind of linearly separable, these kind of linearly separable, these kind of algorithms are not very helpful and we algorithms are not very helpful and we algorithms are not very helpful and we need to identify algorithms which can need to identify algorithms which can need to identify algorithms which can fit in nonlinear hypothesis or fit in nonlinear hypothesis or fit in nonlinear hypothesis or separation boundaries between different separation boundaries between different separation boundaries between different classes. So let's take a use case to classes. So let's take a use case to classes. So let's take a use case to understand that what are the simple understand that what are the simple understand that what are the simple scenarios where unsupervised learning scenarios where unsupervised learning scenarios where unsupervised learning can be used and how does it really work. can be used and how does it really work. can be used and how does it really work. So let's take an example that we have So let's take an example that we have So let's take an example that we have some housing data and housing data in some housing data and housing data in some housing data and housing data in terms that what their locations are and terms that what their locations are and terms that what their locations are and these white dots on the screen in the these white dots on the screen in the these white dots on the screen in the blue background showcase that where blue background showcase that where blue background showcase that where these homes are located and the these homes are located and the these homes are located and the objective of education officer is that objective of education officer is that objective of education officer is that he needs to find a few locations where he needs to find a few locations where he needs to find a few locations where the schools can be set up and the the schools can be set up and the the schools can be set up and the constraint is that student don't have to constraint is that student don't have to constraint is that student don't have to travel much. So given this constraint in travel much. So given this constraint in travel much. So given this constraint in mind the officer needs to decide the mind the officer needs to decide the mind the officer needs to decide the location. There may be easily we can location. There may be easily we can location. There may be easily we can identify if we are not using any identify if we are not using any identify if we are not using any algorithm. So let's say if I know that algorithm. So let's say if I know that algorithm. So let's say if I know that I'm an officer I need to open three I'm an officer I need to open three I'm an officer I need to open three schools in the locality and I know the schools in the locality and I know the schools in the locality and I know the information where the homes are located. information where the homes are located. information where the homes are located. I can easily see okay probably this is I can easily see okay probably this is I can easily see okay probably this is one location I'm just highlighting it one location I'm just highlighting it one location I'm just highlighting it and the constraint I also mentioned that and the constraint I also mentioned that and the constraint I also mentioned that student don't have to travel much. What student don't have to travel much. What student don't have to travel much. What I mean is that if you open the school I mean is that if you open the school I mean is that if you open the school here then everybody of you would say here then everybody of you would say here then everybody of you would say that it's not a great location for a that it's not a great location for a that it's not a great location for a school given that it's far away from the school given that it's far away from the school given that it's far away from the population. So this is not the correct population. So this is not the correct population. So this is not the correct location and from the perspective of location and from the perspective of location and from the perspective of identifying the home probably these identifying the home probably these identifying the home probably these three from a human intervention or or three from a human intervention or or three from a human intervention or or like some of you has been given the task like some of you has been given the task like some of you has been given the task without any algorithm you can decide without any algorithm you can decide without any algorithm you can decide that if you set up the school most of that if you set up the school most of that if you set up the school most of the students would be traveling less to the students would be traveling less to the students would be traveling less to go to a school. So given this problem we go to a school. So given this problem we go to a school. So given this problem we can easily see that we don't have a can easily see that we don't have a can easily see that we don't have a dependent variable as such which is dependent variable as such which is dependent variable as such which is telling us whether it's the correct telling us whether it's the correct telling us whether it's the correct location or not. All we're doing is that location or not. All we're doing is that location or not. All we're doing is that we have a number of locations which we we have a number of locations which we we have a number of locations which we need to find schools for and then we need to find schools for and then we need to find schools for and then we have home locations and based on the have home locations and based on the have home locations and based on the distance of each home we need to distance of each home we need to distance of each home we need to identify which be the proper distance identify which be the proper distance identify which be the proper distance proper locations of these schools. And proper locations of these schools. And proper locations of these schools. And another thing which is coming from the another thing which is coming from the another thing which is coming from the same logic that there are no predefined same logic that there are no predefined same logic that there are no predefined classes of these locations. And one more classes of these locations. And one more classes of these locations. And one more point if you would like to add and some point if you would like to add and some point if you would like to add and some of you who have done the clustering or of you who have done the clustering or of you who have done the clustering or the segmentation job in your respective the segmentation job in your respective the segmentation job in your respective works that these numbers we say three or works that these numbers we say three or works that these numbers we say three or four or five it's not predefined it is four or five it's not predefined it is four or five it's not predefined it is most of the time given by the business most of the time given by the business most of the time given by the business that how many clusters or segments they that how many clusters or segments they that how many clusters or segments they would be looking for though there are would be looking for though there are would be looking for though there are statistical ways of identifying that statistical ways of identifying that statistical ways of identifying that which is the best number of clusters which is the best number of clusters which is the best number of clusters should be but basically most of the time should be but basically most of the time should be but basically most of the time it would be coming from somebody in the it would be coming from somebody in the it would be coming from somebody in the business that okay I see that let's say business that okay I see that let's say business that okay I see that let's say I was working for one of the Indian I was working for one of the Indian I was working for one of the Indian telecom companies here quite a time back telecom companies here quite a time back telecom companies here quite a time back and at that time their subscriber base and at that time their subscriber base and at that time their subscriber base was around 300 million customers and was around 300 million customers and was around 300 million customers and imagine that if you're trying to create imagine that if you're trying to create imagine that if you're trying to create segments for this big a population and segments for this big a population and segments for this big a population and if you create three or four clusters you if you create three or four clusters you if you create three or four clusters you can easily understand that it would be can easily understand that it would be can easily understand that it would be very difficult for marketing team or any very difficult for marketing team or any very difficult for marketing team or any product team to design products for such product team to design products for such product team to design products for such a big population. So though a big population. So though a big population. So though statistically it may look that okay four statistically it may look that okay four statistically it may look that okay four or five unique segments are there but or five unique segments are there but or five unique segments are there but you end up creating lot of small small you end up creating lot of small small you end up creating lot of small small segments and there may be a possibility segments and there may be a possibility segments and there may be a possibility that you will be creating 20 or 30 that you will be creating 20 or 30 that you will be creating 20 or 30 segments for such a big population. So segments for such a big population. So segments for such a big population. So my intent of saying this number that we my intent of saying this number that we my intent of saying this number that we trying to identify three locations trying to identify three locations trying to identify three locations within the population has to be decided within the population has to be decided within the population has to be decided either by business or people like you either by business or people like you either by business or people like you who have knowledge about the data as who have knowledge about the data as who have knowledge about the data as well as that what kind of business they well as that what kind of business they well as that what kind of business they are running and what is the final usage are running and what is the final usage are running and what is the final usage of this segmentation exercise. So let's of this segmentation exercise. So let's of this segmentation exercise. So let's see one way of doing our selection of see one way of doing our selection of see one way of doing our selection of these school locations is like we have these school locations is like we have these school locations is like we have already doing it. If you identify that already doing it. If you identify that already doing it. If you identify that somebody looked at the homes and see the somebody looked at the homes and see the somebody looked at the homes and see the densities where the density is high and densities where the density is high and densities where the density is high and selected the home automatically but selected the home automatically but selected the home automatically but there are algorithms also available to there are algorithms also available to there are algorithms also available to do the task and I can give the name here do the task and I can give the name here do the task and I can give the name here itself it's K K means algorithm and so itself it's K K means algorithm and so itself it's K K means algorithm and so first we would like to understand that first we would like to understand that first we would like to understand that how does an algorithm work if it needs how does an algorithm work if it needs how does an algorithm work if it needs to identify which is the best location. to identify which is the best location. to identify which is the best location. So if you're looking at my screen, let's So if you're looking at my screen, let's So if you're looking at my screen, let's say our objective is that we need to say our objective is that we need to say our objective is that we need to identify two locations first and we have identify two locations first and we have identify two locations first and we have some data and it's scatter plot some data and it's scatter plot some data and it's scatter plot available and we need to identify where available and we need to identify where available and we need to identify where the school should be so that the the school should be so that the the school should be so that the distance from home should be minimum if distance from home should be minimum if distance from home should be minimum if that's our objective. So how we can do that's our objective. So how we can do that's our objective. So how we can do it that let's say we randomly assign two it that let's say we randomly assign two it that let's say we randomly assign two points from the existing data set and points from the existing data set and points from the existing data set and actually easiest way is that you actually easiest way is that you actually easiest way is that you randomly pick two numbers from your data randomly pick two numbers from your data randomly pick two numbers from your data set itself and then what you do is you set itself and then what you do is you set itself and then what you do is you assign these two selected points as assign these two selected points as assign these two selected points as these are your cluster centroid. So this these are your cluster centroid. So this these are your cluster centroid. So this is the center of your selected is the center of your selected is the center of your selected population. And in the second step, so population. And in the second step, so population. And in the second step, so once you have initialized these two once you have initialized these two once you have initialized these two random points, then the next step is random points, then the next step is random points, then the next step is that you measure the distance of all the that you measure the distance of all the that you measure the distance of all the homes from the initial selected point. homes from the initial selected point. homes from the initial selected point. So let's say you do the distance of this So let's say you do the distance of this So let's say you do the distance of this home from this selected point and again home from this selected point and again home from this selected point and again from this that for each house from these from this that for each house from these from this that for each house from these randomly initialized point we measure randomly initialized point we measure randomly initialized point we measure the distance from the selected point or the distance from the selected point or the distance from the selected point or the initialized point and any home the initialized point and any home the initialized point and any home location and see which distance is location and see which distance is location and see which distance is minimum or which distance is less in minimum or which distance is less in minimum or which distance is less in comparison to the other from the comparison to the other from the comparison to the other from the selected initial point. So we can easily selected initial point. So we can easily selected initial point. So we can easily see that this distance is smaller than see that this distance is smaller than see that this distance is smaller than this distance and this point would be this distance and this point would be this distance and this point would be assigned to this particular group. The assigned to this particular group. The assigned to this particular group. The first initialization step is initialize first initialization step is initialize first initialization step is initialize as many number of centroidid as many as many number of centroidid as many as many number of centroidid as many clusters you need and in the second step clusters you need and in the second step clusters you need and in the second step you do the cluster assignment and in you do the cluster assignment and in you do the cluster assignment and in cluster assignment how it's been done is cluster assignment how it's been done is cluster assignment how it's been done is that you measure the distance from these that you measure the distance from these that you measure the distance from these initialized points and see wherever the initialized points and see wherever the initialized points and see wherever the distance is minimum and then assign this distance is minimum and then assign this distance is minimum and then assign this home to that particular segment or home to that particular segment or home to that particular segment or cluster. So this exercise has been done cluster. So this exercise has been done cluster. So this exercise has been done for each home. I'm just trying to show for each home. I'm just trying to show for each home. I'm just trying to show for a couple of them. And based on the for a couple of them. And based on the for a couple of them. And based on the distance, the assignment is complete. So distance, the assignment is complete. So distance, the assignment is complete. So this color also signifies what we have this color also signifies what we have this color also signifies what we have done is after measuring the distance for done is after measuring the distance for done is after measuring the distance for each home from the initial points, we each home from the initial points, we each home from the initial points, we have assigned these points to this have assigned these points to this have assigned these points to this cluster and these blue points to second cluster and these blue points to second cluster and these blue points to second cluster. And then once this assignment cluster. And then once this assignment cluster. And then once this assignment is complete, it moves the centrid. So is complete, it moves the centrid. So is complete, it moves the centrid. So what it'll be doing is it'll be taking what it'll be doing is it'll be taking what it'll be doing is it'll be taking the center of all the selected points the center of all the selected points the center of all the selected points and then it'll move the centrid from the and then it'll move the centrid from the and then it'll move the centrid from the previous point to the next point based previous point to the next point based previous point to the next point based on the new assignment which has already on the new assignment which has already on the new assignment which has already been completed. And then what's been been completed. And then what's been been completed. And then what's been done is the same exercise which was done done is the same exercise which was done done is the same exercise which was done earlier in terms of cluster assignment earlier in terms of cluster assignment earlier in terms of cluster assignment that we measure the distance of each that we measure the distance of each that we measure the distance of each home from the centroid. So distance from home from the centroid. So distance from home from the centroid. So distance from this centrid and this centrid and this centrid and this centrid and this centrid and this centrid and wherever which minimum assign it to that wherever which minimum assign it to that wherever which minimum assign it to that particular cluster and this process has particular cluster and this process has particular cluster and this process has been repeated again for both the centrid been repeated again for both the centrid been repeated again for both the centrid and once the distance has been measured and once the distance has been measured and once the distance has been measured on the improved or changed centrid again on the improved or changed centrid again on the improved or changed centrid again the assignment process has been started. the assignment process has been started. the assignment process has been started. So once you have moved and then measure So once you have moved and then measure So once you have moved and then measure the distance and then assignment also the distance and then assignment also the distance and then assignment also changes like it was done in the previous changes like it was done in the previous changes like it was done in the previous step and we continue this process till step and we continue this process till step and we continue this process till the time we have reached a location or a the time we have reached a location or a the time we have reached a location or a point where this change in assignment point where this change in assignment point where this change in assignment have stopped completely. So once we have have stopped completely. So once we have have stopped completely. So once we have reached this kind of place or this kind reached this kind of place or this kind reached this kind of place or this kind of scenario where as many time you of scenario where as many time you of scenario where as many time you measure the distance from the centrid to measure the distance from the centrid to measure the distance from the centrid to the different points your centr does not the different points your centr does not the different points your centr does not change. This exercise or this point is change. This exercise or this point is change. This exercise or this point is called that your model has converged and called that your model has converged and called that your model has converged and at that point you can say okay these all at that point you can say okay these all at that point you can say okay these all group there is one group of these points group there is one group of these points group there is one group of these points or these homes. So this is one cluster or these homes. So this is one cluster or these homes. So this is one cluster and second one is this cluster. So this and second one is this cluster. So this and second one is this cluster. So this is how K means work. It has wide variety is how K means work. It has wide variety is how K means work. It has wide variety of applications. There is a function of applications. There is a function of applications. There is a function available in scikitlearn library. You available in scikitlearn library. You available in scikitlearn library. You can try implemented it. The intent of can try implemented it. The intent of can try implemented it. The intent of showcasing you this example of showcasing you this example of showcasing you this example of unsupervised learning was that we will unsupervised learning was that we will unsupervised learning was that we will be having two algorithms which come from be having two algorithms which come from be having two algorithms which come from unsupervised learning section of uh unsupervised learning section of uh unsupervised learning section of uh machine learning and these would be your machine learning and these would be your machine learning and these would be your restricted boltsman machines and restricted boltsman machines and restricted boltsman machines and autoenccoders which work on a similar autoenccoders which work on a similar autoenccoders which work on a similar methodology of unsupervised learning. So methodology of unsupervised learning. So methodology of unsupervised learning. So in a similar fashion like we started in a similar fashion like we started in a similar fashion like we started discussing in the beginning that where discussing in the beginning that where discussing in the beginning that where should be the location of these schools should be the location of these schools should be the location of these schools we can use a key means algorithm and we can use a key means algorithm and we can use a key means algorithm and initialize three points randomly and do initialize three points randomly and do initialize three points randomly and do this distance measure to each home and this distance measure to each home and this distance measure to each home and assign the homes to a cluster wherever assign the homes to a cluster wherever assign the homes to a cluster wherever the distance is minimum and we continue the distance is minimum and we continue the distance is minimum and we continue this process of measuring the distance this process of measuring the distance this process of measuring the distance and assigning it to the cluster till the and assigning it to the cluster till the and assigning it to the cluster till the time these value have been converged. time these value have been converged. time these value have been converged. The most important task for any data The most important task for any data The most important task for any data scientist is not to remember which scientist is not to remember which scientist is not to remember which library is required or what are the library is required or what are the library is required or what are the codes. In my understanding, the most codes. In my understanding, the most codes. In my understanding, the most important thing which data scientist important thing which data scientist important thing which data scientist should remember is that once you've been should remember is that once you've been should remember is that once you've been given a business problem, first you given a business problem, first you given a business problem, first you should be able to understand that what should be able to understand that what should be able to understand that what kind of problem it is. Whether it's a kind of problem it is. Whether it's a kind of problem it is. Whether it's a problem of supervised learning or it's problem of supervised learning or it's problem of supervised learning or it's an unsupervised learning. Given it's a an unsupervised learning. Given it's a an unsupervised learning. Given it's a supervised learning problem, whether it supervised learning problem, whether it supervised learning problem, whether it falls into the regression type or a falls into the regression type or a falls into the regression type or a logistic regression type. If you can logistic regression type. If you can logistic regression type. If you can make these decisions then for make these decisions then for make these decisions then for implementing the algorithm you will find implementing the algorithm you will find implementing the algorithm you will find lot of help. In fact scikitle learn lot of help. In fact scikitle learn lot of help. In fact scikitle learn would have initial codes for almost would have initial codes for almost would have initial codes for almost every algorithm. So you don't have to every algorithm. So you don't have to every algorithm. So you don't have to remember line of code and algorithms. remember line of code and algorithms. remember line of code and algorithms. All you should be able to do is once the All you should be able to do is once the All you should be able to do is once the problem has been given to you should be problem has been given to you should be problem has been given to you should be able to identify what kind of problem it able to identify what kind of problem it able to identify what kind of problem it is. Most of the time in unsupervised is. Most of the time in unsupervised is. Most of the time in unsupervised learning and specifically in C means learning and specifically in C means learning and specifically in C means kind of models, we use this elbow method kind of models, we use this elbow method kind of models, we use this elbow method as an indicator or help you understand as an indicator or help you understand as an indicator or help you understand that what is probably a number we should that what is probably a number we should that what is probably a number we should start with for starting the final start with for starting the final start with for starting the final implementation of your model. So let me implementation of your model. So let me implementation of your model. So let me give you an intuition how does it work? give you an intuition how does it work? give you an intuition how does it work? SSD stands for sum of squared errors. SSD stands for sum of squared errors. SSD stands for sum of squared errors. And what it means is actually if I go And what it means is actually if I go And what it means is actually if I go back a little that suppose you have back a little that suppose you have back a little that suppose you have identified these two clusters. So sum of identified these two clusters. So sum of identified these two clusters. So sum of squared error would be that you take the squared error would be that you take the squared error would be that you take the centrid and measure the distance for the centrid and measure the distance for the centrid and measure the distance for the points which are associated with this points which are associated with this points which are associated with this cluster. So you measure the distance for cluster. So you measure the distance for cluster. So you measure the distance for each point in the orange group and sum each point in the orange group and sum each point in the orange group and sum square all the distances and the same square all the distances and the same square all the distances and the same exercise being done for the blue points exercise being done for the blue points exercise being done for the blue points and whatever the total number comes in and whatever the total number comes in and whatever the total number comes in after doing this exercise you will be after doing this exercise you will be after doing this exercise you will be getting what is the total number of getting what is the total number of getting what is the total number of squared errors and if you have two squared errors and if you have two squared errors and if you have two clusters you would have some number and clusters you would have some number and clusters you would have some number and just for intuition I'm saying this this just for intuition I'm saying this this just for intuition I'm saying this this total sum of square is coming as 100 and total sum of square is coming as 100 and total sum of square is coming as 100 and that's only for intuition and example that's only for intuition and example that's only for intuition and example I'm taking this number to help you let's I'm taking this number to help you let's I'm taking this number to help you let's say there was one more cluster somebody say there was one more cluster somebody say there was one more cluster somebody identified here and all these three identified here and all these three identified here and all these three points though it's it's blue in color points though it's it's blue in color points though it's it's blue in color but I'm saying all these three point but I'm saying all these three point but I'm saying all these three point belong to this particular segment and belong to this particular segment and belong to this particular segment and rest of these points remained same as it rest of these points remained same as it rest of these points remained same as it was previously and as we saw with two was previously and as we saw with two was previously and as we saw with two clusters our sum of square was coming as clusters our sum of square was coming as clusters our sum of square was coming as 100 when we have three you can see that 100 when we have three you can see that 100 when we have three you can see that these points are bit far off from this these points are bit far off from this these points are bit far off from this particular cluster so if I'll be doing particular cluster so if I'll be doing particular cluster so if I'll be doing it with three clusters this distance it with three clusters this distance it with three clusters this distance would be a bit less given that now I would be a bit less given that now I would be a bit less given that now I have a point which is closer to these have a point which is closer to these have a point which is closer to these points And whatever error or distance points And whatever error or distance points And whatever error or distance these three points were adding it would these three points were adding it would these three points were adding it would be bit less given the cluster was here be bit less given the cluster was here be bit less given the cluster was here and let's say this distance goes down to and let's say this distance goes down to and let's say this distance goes down to 95. I'm just making up some numbers. So 95. I'm just making up some numbers. So 95. I'm just making up some numbers. So probably what it is telling me that sum probably what it is telling me that sum probably what it is telling me that sum of squar is going down and probably I'm of squar is going down and probably I'm of squar is going down and probably I'm finding clusters which are closer or finding clusters which are closer or finding clusters which are closer or more closer to the actual data points. more closer to the actual data points. more closer to the actual data points. And as you would know that if I'll be And as you would know that if I'll be And as you would know that if I'll be increasing the number of clusters in the increasing the number of clusters in the increasing the number of clusters in the population, this distance would be going population, this distance would be going population, this distance would be going down hopefully and this distance can go down hopefully and this distance can go down hopefully and this distance can go up to zero. When every point become a up to zero. When every point become a up to zero. When every point become a cluster itself. So if let's say I have cluster itself. So if let's say I have cluster itself. So if let's say I have 20 data points there and I assign that 20 data points there and I assign that 20 data points there and I assign that every point is a cluster in itself then every point is a cluster in itself then every point is a cluster in itself then just measuring the distance from the just measuring the distance from the just measuring the distance from the point which would be zero and overall point which would be zero and overall point which would be zero and overall SSD will become zero. So it may start SSD will become zero. So it may start SSD will become zero. So it may start from a very high number but it will be from a very high number but it will be from a very high number but it will be reducing with each cluster point or reducing with each cluster point or reducing with each cluster point or cluster you will be adding to your data. cluster you will be adding to your data. cluster you will be adding to your data. So this line which is sometime being So this line which is sometime being So this line which is sometime being called the elbow method what it's called the elbow method what it's called the elbow method what it's actually showing you. So if you had one actually showing you. So if you had one actually showing you. So if you had one cluster only anywhere in the population cluster only anywhere in the population cluster only anywhere in the population and you do some of the squared distances and you do some of the squared distances and you do some of the squared distances this was the distance when you had two this was the distance when you had two this was the distance when you had two clusters this was the distance. When you clusters this was the distance. When you clusters this was the distance. When you had three these were the distance when had three these were the distance when had three these were the distance when you had four this was the distance. But you had four this was the distance. But you had four this was the distance. But when you had five the sum of squared when you had five the sum of squared when you had five the sum of squared error did not reduce much. So if you see error did not reduce much. So if you see error did not reduce much. So if you see it's like very less and after that even it's like very less and after that even it's like very less and after that even though you keep on adding different though you keep on adding different though you keep on adding different clusters the sum of squared errors is clusters the sum of squared errors is clusters the sum of squared errors is not going down. So as I was saying this not going down. So as I was saying this not going down. So as I was saying this process or this method is kind of process or this method is kind of process or this method is kind of indicative method and it gives you an indicative method and it gives you an indicative method and it gives you an intuition that if I have done it my intuition that if I have done it my intuition that if I have done it my cluster analysis with different number cluster analysis with different number cluster analysis with different number of clusters and I'm measuring the sum of of clusters and I'm measuring the sum of of clusters and I'm measuring the sum of squared errors for given number of squared errors for given number of squared errors for given number of clusters and I see that after four that clusters and I see that after four that clusters and I see that after four that the sum of squared error is not going the sum of squared error is not going the sum of squared error is not going down. It gives me an induction that down. It gives me an induction that down. It gives me an induction that probably I have found clusters which are probably I have found clusters which are probably I have found clusters which are more or less coherent and the population more or less coherent and the population more or less coherent and the population is not very much away from the centroid. is not very much away from the centroid. is not very much away from the centroid. From the point you can make it an From the point you can make it an From the point you can make it an assumption that probably four clusters assumption that probably four clusters assumption that probably four clusters is a good idea for my given population. is a good idea for my given population. is a good idea for my given population. But as I also mentioned that it is just But as I also mentioned that it is just But as I also mentioned that it is just a indicative process. It's a good a indicative process. It's a good a indicative process. It's a good starting point. But you need to see that starting point. But you need to see that starting point. But you need to see that how the distribution of your clusters how the distribution of your clusters how the distribution of your clusters look like whether they solve the look like whether they solve the look like whether they solve the business problem you're trying to solve business problem you're trying to solve business problem you're trying to solve or not. and if not whether you need to or not. and if not whether you need to or not. and if not whether you need to further divide the clusters which your further divide the clusters which your further divide the clusters which your initial model has identified and here initial model has identified and here initial model has identified and here we'll be taking very quick introduction we'll be taking very quick introduction we'll be taking very quick introduction to a third type of learning which is to a third type of learning which is to a third type of learning which is called reinforcement learning. What it called reinforcement learning. What it called reinforcement learning. What it actually is we have seen from the two actually is we have seen from the two actually is we have seen from the two learning types the supervised learning learning types the supervised learning learning types the supervised learning and unsupervised learning. The first one and unsupervised learning. The first one and unsupervised learning. The first one was that we are trying to predict some was that we are trying to predict some was that we are trying to predict some dependent variable. In the second one, dependent variable. In the second one, dependent variable. In the second one, we are trying to identify some kind of we are trying to identify some kind of we are trying to identify some kind of structure in the data set or if I put it structure in the data set or if I put it structure in the data set or if I put it into other words that we are trying to into other words that we are trying to into other words that we are trying to identify some kind of coherent groups in identify some kind of coherent groups in identify some kind of coherent groups in the population. Third one is the population. Third one is the population. Third one is reinforcement learning and it's reinforcement learning and it's reinforcement learning and it's basically that an object or a system basically that an object or a system basically that an object or a system learns from the environment and there is learns from the environment and there is learns from the environment and there is no right or wrong answer given to the no right or wrong answer given to the no right or wrong answer given to the system explicitly or in the beginning system explicitly or in the beginning system explicitly or in the beginning itself like in the case of supervised itself like in the case of supervised itself like in the case of supervised learning. Here the object would be learning. Here the object would be learning. Here the object would be moving in the environment. Self flying moving in the environment. Self flying moving in the environment. Self flying helicopters where they fly on its own helicopters where they fly on its own helicopters where they fly on its own and they take the decision that what is and they take the decision that what is and they take the decision that what is the wind speed and what is the pressure the wind speed and what is the pressure the wind speed and what is the pressure around it and they correct their around it and they correct their around it and they correct their procedure accordingly and the objective procedure accordingly and the objective procedure accordingly and the objective they need to achieve is that they need they need to achieve is that they need they need to achieve is that they need to fly for a longer period of time. So to fly for a longer period of time. So to fly for a longer period of time. So here we are given an example. Let's say here we are given an example. Let's say here we are given an example. Let's say we have a robotic dog and somebody needs we have a robotic dog and somebody needs we have a robotic dog and somebody needs to train it to take correct decisions to train it to take correct decisions to train it to take correct decisions and correct things would be that it and correct things would be that it and correct things would be that it walking on the path where people needs walking on the path where people needs walking on the path where people needs to walk and it's not going down from the to walk and it's not going down from the to walk and it's not going down from the path and if some task is being given path and if some task is being given path and if some task is being given it's working correctly. So there are two it's working correctly. So there are two it's working correctly. So there are two components of reinforcement learning components of reinforcement learning components of reinforcement learning which is called reward and penalty. If which is called reward and penalty. If which is called reward and penalty. If the object or the system does the the object or the system does the the object or the system does the correct thing it receives some reward in correct thing it receives some reward in correct thing it receives some reward in terms of you know mathematical things. terms of you know mathematical things. terms of you know mathematical things. Obviously we will be providing Obviously we will be providing Obviously we will be providing everything in terms of mathematical everything in terms of mathematical everything in terms of mathematical numbers and if it does the wrong thing numbers and if it does the wrong thing numbers and if it does the wrong thing it receives a penalty and basis this it receives a penalty and basis this it receives a penalty and basis this thing it'll keep on taking its thing it'll keep on taking its thing it'll keep on taking its decisions. So like a dog if it's walking decisions. So like a dog if it's walking decisions. So like a dog if it's walking correctly it receives the points like correctly it receives the points like correctly it receives the points like ball is being thrown if the robotic dogs ball is being thrown if the robotic dogs ball is being thrown if the robotic dogs go and pick it up it's a reward point. go and pick it up it's a reward point. go and pick it up it's a reward point. If it doesn't do the correct thing it If it doesn't do the correct thing it If it doesn't do the correct thing it receives a penalty. So most of like all receives a penalty. So most of like all receives a penalty. So most of like all these reinforcement learning agents these reinforcement learning agents these reinforcement learning agents working in a similar fashion. Some of working in a similar fashion. Some of working in a similar fashion. Some of you who are interested in implementing you who are interested in implementing you who are interested in implementing it, there is an algorithm called deep Q. it, there is an algorithm called deep Q. it, there is an algorithm called deep Q. It's an algorithm where you can design It's an algorithm where you can design It's an algorithm where you can design your own system and you can assign what your own system and you can assign what your own system and you can assign what are the rewards and penalty. Similar are the rewards and penalty. Similar are the rewards and penalty. Similar fashion reinforcement learning is also fashion reinforcement learning is also fashion reinforcement learning is also interacting with the space as I interacting with the space as I interacting with the space as I mentioned. So self-driving car is also mentioned. So self-driving car is also mentioned. So self-driving car is also one of the examples which would be one of the examples which would be one of the examples which would be receiving rewards and penalties based on receiving rewards and penalties based on receiving rewards and penalties based on whether it's running on the track, whether it's running on the track, whether it's running on the track, taking the right turns and moving at the taking the right turns and moving at the taking the right turns and moving at the correct speed, maintaining distance from correct speed, maintaining distance from correct speed, maintaining distance from other cars which are running. So other cars which are running. So other cars which are running. So reinforcement learning has a huge reinforcement learning has a huge reinforcement learning has a huge implementation or requirement for implementation or requirement for implementation or requirement for self-driving cars or some of the self-driving cars or some of the self-driving cars or some of the components of it not all some of the components of it not all some of the components of it not all some of the components also in self-driving car are components also in self-driving car are components also in self-driving car are supervised learning for the point that supervised learning for the point that supervised learning for the point that car needs to understand what the objects car needs to understand what the objects car needs to understand what the objects are in front of it and all other objects are in front of it and all other objects are in front of it and all other objects identification. So what are the real identification. So what are the real identification. So what are the real limitations of machine learning? Given limitations of machine learning? Given limitations of machine learning? Given that we already have all three type of that we already have all three type of that we already have all three type of algorithms supervised, unsupervised and algorithms supervised, unsupervised and algorithms supervised, unsupervised and reinforcement learning algorithm already reinforcement learning algorithm already reinforcement learning algorithm already available. Then why we want a new available. Then why we want a new available. Then why we want a new architecture or new type of algorithms architecture or new type of algorithms architecture or new type of algorithms for our artificial intelligence systems. for our artificial intelligence systems. for our artificial intelligence systems. First and foremost is the dimensions. First and foremost is the dimensions. First and foremost is the dimensions. And when I say dimension, it's like the And when I say dimension, it's like the And when I say dimension, it's like the type of data we get from lot of sources. type of data we get from lot of sources. type of data we get from lot of sources. Let's say we receive images which is Let's say we receive images which is Let's say we receive images which is gridl like image. So where are the gridl like image. So where are the gridl like image. So where are the pixels and what is the strength of pixels and what is the strength of pixels and what is the strength of pixels in the image natural language pixels in the image natural language pixels in the image natural language processing. So language data comes in a processing. So language data comes in a processing. So language data comes in a different length and you know the work different length and you know the work different length and you know the work is also different in the sense that is also different in the sense that is also different in the sense that suppose you need to design a machine suppose you need to design a machine suppose you need to design a machine learning algorithm which can do language learning algorithm which can do language learning algorithm which can do language translation. And if you conceptualize translation. And if you conceptualize translation. And if you conceptualize this idea of language translation from a this idea of language translation from a this idea of language translation from a machine learning algorithm perspective machine learning algorithm perspective machine learning algorithm perspective your inputs become a sequence of words your inputs become a sequence of words your inputs become a sequence of words and your output is also sequence of and your output is also sequence of and your output is also sequence of word. And some of you who are working in word. And some of you who are working in word. And some of you who are working in machine learning algorithm try thinking machine learning algorithm try thinking machine learning algorithm try thinking that whether we have any algorithm that whether we have any algorithm that whether we have any algorithm currently available like logistic currently available like logistic currently available like logistic regression or decision tree which can regression or decision tree which can regression or decision tree which can help me even fit the algorithm or fit help me even fit the algorithm or fit help me even fit the algorithm or fit the problem. Leave aside how good the the problem. Leave aside how good the the problem. Leave aside how good the accuracy would be and all but these accuracy would be and all but these accuracy would be and all but these problems which come from a different problems which come from a different problems which come from a different type of data source and we trying to type of data source and we trying to type of data source and we trying to solve a different kind of problem like solve a different kind of problem like solve a different kind of problem like language translation or chatbot kind of language translation or chatbot kind of language translation or chatbot kind of problem where you give a sequence and it problem where you give a sequence and it problem where you give a sequence and it returns you a sequence. So these kind of returns you a sequence. So these kind of returns you a sequence. So these kind of architecture is already not available in architecture is already not available in architecture is already not available in machine learning. So that is one of the machine learning. So that is one of the machine learning. So that is one of the reasons that we need to identify some reasons that we need to identify some reasons that we need to identify some algorithms which can deal with such data algorithms which can deal with such data algorithms which can deal with such data sets like images and languages. And sets like images and languages. And sets like images and languages. And second, it can also fit different kind second, it can also fit different kind second, it can also fit different kind of models which are not only for of models which are not only for of models which are not only for predicting or classifying but also give predicting or classifying but also give predicting or classifying but also give you some kind of values like sequence I you some kind of values like sequence I you some kind of values like sequence I take an example of. So that is one of take an example of. So that is one of take an example of. So that is one of the reasons first we are looking for a the reasons first we are looking for a the reasons first we are looking for a different type of architecture for different type of architecture for different type of architecture for solving such problems. Then second solving such problems. Then second solving such problems. Then second problem which machine learning problem which machine learning problem which machine learning algorithms are not very good in dealing algorithms are not very good in dealing algorithms are not very good in dealing is the dimensionality. So we would have is the dimensionality. So we would have is the dimensionality. So we would have seen with a size of let's say thousand seen with a size of let's say thousand seen with a size of let's say thousand variables and let's say 100,000 rows and variables and let's say 100,000 rows and variables and let's say 100,000 rows and thousand columns probably you can still thousand columns probably you can still thousand columns probably you can still fit some of the machine learning fit some of the machine learning fit some of the machine learning algorithms on top of it. But given the algorithms on top of it. But given the algorithms on top of it. But given the kind of problems we are dealing with kind of problems we are dealing with kind of problems we are dealing with like images every image let's say it's like images every image let's say it's like images every image let's say it's uh 200x 200 means 200 pixel by 200 pixel uh 200x 200 means 200 pixel by 200 pixel uh 200x 200 means 200 pixel by 200 pixel and it's a colored image it means there and it's a colored image it means there and it's a colored image it means there are three channels if you do the math are three channels if you do the math are three channels if you do the math 200 multiplied by 200 let's say this is 200 multiplied by 200 let's say this is 200 multiplied by 200 let's say this is your image and it's 200 by 200 because your image and it's 200 by 200 because your image and it's 200 by 200 because every image is kind of a matrix only and every image is kind of a matrix only and every image is kind of a matrix only and if it's a colored image actually colored if it's a colored image actually colored if it's a colored image actually colored image are being represented in system image are being represented in system image are being represented in system through three channels red green and through three channels red green and through three channels red green and blue so there would be three such grids blue so there would be three such grids blue so there would be three such grids but one top of the other. So number of but one top of the other. So number of but one top of the other. So number of pixels you need to have to represent pixels you need to have to represent pixels you need to have to represent your image in the system or in your your image in the system or in your your image in the system or in your algorithm would be 200x 200 by3 and then algorithm would be 200x 200 by3 and then algorithm would be 200x 200 by3 and then you calculate how many features it would you calculate how many features it would you calculate how many features it would be. If I if my math is correct it should be. If I if my math is correct it should be. If I if my math is correct it should be like 120,000 features. So even a be like 120,000 features. So even a be like 120,000 features. So even a simple image of such small dimensions simple image of such small dimensions simple image of such small dimensions you end up getting 120,000 features. And you end up getting 120,000 features. And you end up getting 120,000 features. And plus if you're really working on a plus if you're really working on a plus if you're really working on a complex problem solving in terms of complex problem solving in terms of complex problem solving in terms of let's say an object identification in let's say an object identification in let's say an object identification in the images there may be five or six the images there may be five or six the images there may be five or six objects which you need to identify and objects which you need to identify and objects which you need to identify and you're dealing with let's say 100,000 you're dealing with let's say 100,000 you're dealing with let's say 100,000 images then your scale of data becomes images then your scale of data becomes images then your scale of data becomes so huge for any machine learning so huge for any machine learning so huge for any machine learning algorithm to easily handle it and your algorithm to easily handle it and your algorithm to easily handle it and your machine learning algorithms fail in machine learning algorithms fail in machine learning algorithms fail in terms of getting any interesting results terms of getting any interesting results terms of getting any interesting results out of it. So coming to solution part out of it. So coming to solution part out of it. So coming to solution part that we need an architecture which can that we need an architecture which can that we need an architecture which can not only read such data in terms of not only read such data in terms of not only read such data in terms of images but it is capable enough of images but it is capable enough of images but it is capable enough of dealing with such huge dimensions of dealing with such huge dimensions of dealing with such huge dimensions of data. So this is the second benefit data. So this is the second benefit data. So this is the second benefit which comes from the deep learning which comes from the deep learning which comes from the deep learning algorithms and we'll be discussing how algorithms and we'll be discussing how algorithms and we'll be discussing how do they manage such high dimensional do they manage such high dimensional do they manage such high dimensional data when we go and talk about different data when we go and talk about different data when we go and talk about different architectures. And third and the most architectures. And third and the most architectures. And third and the most important reason that we will be looking important reason that we will be looking important reason that we will be looking for a different kind of model structure for a different kind of model structure for a different kind of model structure or different kind of algorithm is for or different kind of algorithm is for or different kind of algorithm is for identifying the features. So in machine identifying the features. So in machine identifying the features. So in machine learning algorithms we as data learning algorithms we as data learning algorithms we as data scientists spend lot of time in kind of scientists spend lot of time in kind of scientists spend lot of time in kind of curating the important features. either curating the important features. either curating the important features. either first you'll be scaling the features and first you'll be scaling the features and first you'll be scaling the features and after scaling you'll be creating the after scaling you'll be creating the after scaling you'll be creating the interaction variables then you'll be interaction variables then you'll be interaction variables then you'll be creating if the separator is not very creating if the separator is not very creating if the separator is not very clear then you need to introduce clear then you need to introduce clear then you need to introduce highdimensional data let's say it's your highdimensional data let's say it's your highdimensional data let's say it's your data point and if you see that line data point and if you see that line data point and if you see that line you're fitting is not separating clearly you're fitting is not separating clearly you're fitting is not separating clearly then some of you would be trying the then some of you would be trying the then some of you would be trying the higher order polomials of your input higher order polomials of your input higher order polomials of your input features so all such things which not features so all such things which not features so all such things which not only difficult to you know come up there only difficult to you know come up there only difficult to you know come up there is lot of trial and error that which is lot of trial and error that which is lot of trial and error that which kind of transformation and which kind of kind of transformation and which kind of kind of transformation and which kind of variable creation. So what kind of variable creation. So what kind of variable creation. So what kind of variable will really work for variable will really work for variable will really work for classification problem? That's first classification problem? That's first classification problem? That's first thing. And second is if you're working thing. And second is if you're working thing. And second is if you're working on higher order polomials, what is the on higher order polomials, what is the on higher order polomials, what is the correct order of polomial I need to correct order of polomial I need to correct order of polomial I need to create it. And just to give you the create it. And just to give you the create it. And just to give you the scale of it, let's say you are dealing scale of it, let's say you are dealing scale of it, let's say you are dealing with only 100 features and you need to with only 100 features and you need to with only 100 features and you need to create second order polomial with create second order polomial with create second order polomial with interaction of all these 100 features. interaction of all these 100 features. interaction of all these 100 features. Then you'll end up getting around 5,000 Then you'll end up getting around 5,000 Then you'll end up getting around 5,000 features from the second order features from the second order features from the second order polinomial only. If you want to get polinomial only. If you want to get polinomial only. If you want to get third order polomial like cube variables third order polomial like cube variables third order polomial like cube variables or or the interaction of three variables or or the interaction of three variables or or the interaction of three variables together then these 100 variables will together then these 100 variables will together then these 100 variables will come around 170,000 features. So this come around 170,000 features. So this come around 170,000 features. So this creation of features is very very creation of features is very very creation of features is very very difficult. If we go and start creating difficult. If we go and start creating difficult. If we go and start creating these features on our own and our these features on our own and our these features on our own and our objective let's say to identify a objective let's say to identify a objective let's say to identify a television in the image and we have some television in the image and we have some television in the image and we have some pictures where we need to identify even pictures where we need to identify even pictures where we need to identify even though you have created those features though you have created those features though you have created those features manually and some of you who are working manually and some of you who are working manually and some of you who are working in the field of computer science for in the field of computer science for in the field of computer science for quite some time would know that earlier quite some time would know that earlier quite some time would know that earlier we used to use features like sift s if we used to use features like sift s if we used to use features like sift s if par features and hog features but these par features and hog features but these par features and hog features but these are like kind of static features for a are like kind of static features for a are like kind of static features for a given object but we may argue that this given object but we may argue that this given object but we may argue that this television is there in this picture here television is there in this picture here television is there in this picture here but in other picture it can be somewhere but in other picture it can be somewhere but in other picture it can be somewhere else. So the feature which I'm else. So the feature which I'm else. So the feature which I'm identifying it has to be spatial identifying it has to be spatial identifying it has to be spatial indifference that it can be anywhere in indifference that it can be anywhere in indifference that it can be anywhere in the image and same goes for language the image and same goes for language the image and same goes for language that if you're dealing with language that if you're dealing with language that if you're dealing with language data it should be not only able to data it should be not only able to data it should be not only able to understand the meaning of word or how understand the meaning of word or how understand the meaning of word or how does the word fit into the sentence but does the word fit into the sentence but does the word fit into the sentence but should also be able to understand that should also be able to understand that should also be able to understand that what is the context of each word. But what is the context of each word. But what is the context of each word. But these word embeddings neural network these word embeddings neural network these word embeddings neural network help you understand that what are the help you understand that what are the help you understand that what are the related word to a given word and from related word to a given word and from related word to a given word and from that you make predictions. So these that you make predictions. So these that you make predictions. So these broad problems of machine learning broad problems of machine learning broad problems of machine learning algorithms one is they are not being algorithms one is they are not being algorithms one is they are not being able to play with or deal with different able to play with or deal with different able to play with or deal with different type of data like images and natural type of data like images and natural type of data like images and natural language. Second is the dimensional language. Second is the dimensional language. Second is the dimensional problem if the dimensionality goes in problem if the dimensionality goes in problem if the dimensionality goes in like 100,000 features and all. And third like 100,000 features and all. And third like 100,000 features and all. And third is this feature creation on its own. So is this feature creation on its own. So is this feature creation on its own. So these are the three basic reasons that these are the three basic reasons that these are the three basic reasons that one of you or all of you would be one of you or all of you would be one of you or all of you would be interested in going to one of the deep interested in going to one of the deep interested in going to one of the deep learning architecture for solving such learning architecture for solving such learning architecture for solving such problems. And fourthly, if I may add it problems. And fourthly, if I may add it problems. And fourthly, if I may add it that all the deep learning architectures that all the deep learning architectures that all the deep learning architectures given that we are putting lot of given that we are putting lot of given that we are putting lot of computational powers in them, they end computational powers in them, they end computational powers in them, they end up giving you a better accuracy both for up giving you a better accuracy both for up giving you a better accuracy both for classification and regression problems. classification and regression problems. classification and regression problems. So that that's the fourth benefit. And So that that's the fourth benefit. And So that that's the fourth benefit. And how does it really work? There are how does it really work? There are how does it really work? There are different stages in a deep learning and different stages in a deep learning and different stages in a deep learning and why they are called deep because it's why they are called deep because it's why they are called deep because it's not just input and output like we have not just input and output like we have not just input and output like we have seen in regression that you have a y and seen in regression that you have a y and seen in regression that you have a y and x is some kind of linear equation here x is some kind of linear equation here x is some kind of linear equation here we have different intermediate field we have different intermediate field we have different intermediate field like but there are lot of intermediary like but there are lot of intermediary like but there are lot of intermediary field for doing such complex field for doing such complex field for doing such complex calculations so that all these features calculations so that all these features calculations so that all these features which I mentioned that suppose you need which I mentioned that suppose you need which I mentioned that suppose you need to identify a television all such to identify a television all such to identify a television all such features get calculated at different features get calculated at different features get calculated at different stages one After the other and final stages one After the other and final stages one After the other and final stage you have very very refined stage you have very very refined stage you have very very refined features not only for image we are features not only for image we are features not only for image we are taking the image classification but any taking the image classification but any taking the image classification but any problem we are trying to solve through problem we are trying to solve through problem we are trying to solve through the multiple stages your model would be the multiple stages your model would be the multiple stages your model would be able to learn these intelligent features able to learn these intelligent features able to learn these intelligent features which are really important for your which are really important for your which are really important for your classification or regression or any such classification or regression or any such classification or regression or any such problem which we are trying to solve. So problem which we are trying to solve. So problem which we are trying to solve. So these were the few benefits for deep these were the few benefits for deep these were the few benefits for deep learning and these are actually the learning and these are actually the learning and these are actually the broad reasons that somebody would be broad reasons that somebody would be broad reasons that somebody would be interested in learning the deep learning interested in learning the deep learning interested in learning the deep learning algorithms. Now let us understand this with an Now let us understand this with an Now let us understand this with an example. So we'll take an image which example. So we'll take an image which example. So we'll take an image which has four pixels. So if you can notice we has four pixels. So if you can notice we has four pixels. So if you can notice we have four pixels here among which the have four pixels here among which the have four pixels here among which the top two pixels are bright that is they top two pixels are bright that is they top two pixels are bright that is they are black in color whereas bottom two are black in color whereas bottom two are black in color whereas bottom two pixels are white. Now what happens? pixels are white. Now what happens? pixels are white. Now what happens? We'll divide these pixels and we'll send We'll divide these pixels and we'll send We'll divide these pixels and we'll send these pixels to each and every node. So these pixels to each and every node. So these pixels to each and every node. So for that we need four nodes. So this for that we need four nodes. So this for that we need four nodes. So this particular pixel will go to this node. particular pixel will go to this node. particular pixel will go to this node. It will go to this node. this pixel will It will go to this node. this pixel will It will go to this node. this pixel will go to this node and finally this pixel go to this node and finally this pixel go to this node and finally this pixel will go to this particular node that I'm will go to this particular node that I'm will go to this particular node that I'm highlighting with my cursor. Now what highlighting with my cursor. Now what highlighting with my cursor. Now what happens we provide them random weights. happens we provide them random weights. happens we provide them random weights. So these white lines actually represent So these white lines actually represent So these white lines actually represent the positive weights and these black the positive weights and these black the positive weights and these black lines represents the negative weights. lines represents the negative weights. lines represents the negative weights. Now this particular brightness when we Now this particular brightness when we Now this particular brightness when we display high brightness we'll consider display high brightness we'll consider display high brightness we'll consider it as negative. Now what happens when it as negative. Now what happens when it as negative. Now what happens when you see the next output or the next you see the next output or the next you see the next output or the next hidden layer it'll be provided with the hidden layer it'll be provided with the hidden layer it'll be provided with the input with this particular layer. So input with this particular layer. So input with this particular layer. So this will provide an input with positive this will provide an input with positive this will provide an input with positive weight to this particular node and the weight to this particular node and the weight to this particular node and the second input will come from this second input will come from this second input will come from this particular node. Since both of them are particular node. Since both of them are particular node. Since both of them are positive so we'll get this kind of a positive so we'll get this kind of a positive so we'll get this kind of a node. Similarly this node as well. Now node. Similarly this node as well. Now node. Similarly this node as well. Now when I talk about these two nodes the when I talk about these two nodes the when I talk about these two nodes the first node over here. So this is getting first node over here. So this is getting first node over here. So this is getting input from this node as well as from input from this node as well as from input from this node as well as from this node. Now over here we have a this node. Now over here we have a this node. Now over here we have a negative weight. So because of that the negative weight. So because of that the negative weight. So because of that the value will be negative and we have value will be negative and we have value will be negative and we have represented that with black color. represented that with black color. represented that with black color. Similarly over here as well we're Similarly over here as well we're Similarly over here as well we're getting one input from here which has a getting one input from here which has a getting one input from here which has a negative weight and the another input negative weight and the another input negative weight and the another input from here which has again has a negative from here which has again has a negative from here which has again has a negative weight. So accordingly we get again a weight. So accordingly we get again a weight. So accordingly we get again a negative value here. So these two negative value here. So these two negative value here. So these two becomes black in color. Now if you becomes black in color. Now if you becomes black in color. Now if you notice what will happen next we'll notice what will happen next we'll notice what will happen next we'll provide one input here which will be provide one input here which will be provide one input here which will be negative and a positive weight which negative and a positive weight which negative and a positive weight which will be again negative and this will be will be again negative and this will be will be again negative and this will be also negative and a positive weight. So also negative and a positive weight. So also negative and a positive weight. So that will again come out to be negative. that will again come out to be negative. that will again come out to be negative. So that is why we have got this kind of So that is why we have got this kind of So that is why we have got this kind of a structure. If you notice this this is a structure. If you notice this this is a structure. If you notice this this is nothing but the inverse of this nothing but the inverse of this nothing but the inverse of this particular image. When I talk about this particular image. When I talk about this particular image. When I talk about this node over here we are getting the node over here we are getting the node over here we are getting the negative value with a positive weight negative value with a positive weight negative value with a positive weight which is negative and a negative value which is negative and a negative value which is negative and a negative value with a negative weight which is with a negative weight which is with a negative weight which is positive. So we are getting something positive. So we are getting something positive. So we are getting something which is positive here. Now obviously I which is positive here. Now obviously I which is positive here. Now obviously I want this particular image to get want this particular image to get want this particular image to get inverse. I want these black strips to inverse. I want these black strips to inverse. I want these black strips to come up. So what I'll do I'll actually come up. So what I'll do I'll actually come up. So what I'll do I'll actually calculate the inverse by providing a calculate the inverse by providing a calculate the inverse by providing a negative weight like this. So over here negative weight like this. So over here negative weight like this. So over here I've provided a negative weight it'll I've provided a negative weight it'll I've provided a negative weight it'll come up. So when I provide a positive come up. So when I provide a positive come up. So when I provide a positive weight so it'll stay wherever it is. weight so it'll stay wherever it is. weight so it'll stay wherever it is. After that it'll detect and the output After that it'll detect and the output After that it'll detect and the output you can see will be a horizontal image you can see will be a horizontal image you can see will be a horizontal image not a solid not a vertical not a not a solid not a vertical not a not a solid not a vertical not a diagonal but a horizontal and after that diagonal but a horizontal and after that diagonal but a horizontal and after that we are going to calculate the difference we are going to calculate the difference we are going to calculate the difference between the actual output and the between the actual output and the between the actual output and the desired output and we are going to desired output and we are going to desired output and we are going to update the weights accordingly. Now this update the weights accordingly. Now this update the weights accordingly. Now this is just an example guys. So guys this is is just an example guys. So guys this is is just an example guys. So guys this is one example of deep learning where what one example of deep learning where what one example of deep learning where what happens we have images here we provide happens we have images here we provide happens we have images here we provide these raw data to that first layer to these raw data to that first layer to these raw data to that first layer to the input layer. Then what happens? the input layer. Then what happens? the input layer. Then what happens? These input layers will determine the These input layers will determine the These input layers will determine the patterns of local contrast or it'll patterns of local contrast or it'll patterns of local contrast or it'll fixate those patterns of local contrast fixate those patterns of local contrast fixate those patterns of local contrast which means that it will differentiate which means that it will differentiate which means that it will differentiate on the basis of colors and luminosity on the basis of colors and luminosity on the basis of colors and luminosity and all those things. So it'll and all those things. So it'll and all those things. So it'll differentiate those things and after differentiate those things and after differentiate those things and after that in the following layer what will that in the following layer what will that in the following layer what will happen? It'll determine the face happen? It'll determine the face happen? It'll determine the face features. It'll fixate those face features. It'll fixate those face features. It'll fixate those face features. So it'll form nose, eyes, features. So it'll form nose, eyes, features. So it'll form nose, eyes, ears, all those things. Then what will ears, all those things. Then what will ears, all those things. Then what will happen? It'll accumulate those correct happen? It'll accumulate those correct happen? It'll accumulate those correct features for the correct face or you can features for the correct face or you can features for the correct face or you can say that it'll fixate those features on say that it'll fixate those features on say that it'll fixate those features on the correct face template. So it'll the correct face template. So it'll the correct face template. So it'll actually determine the faces here as you actually determine the faces here as you actually determine the faces here as you can see it over here and then it'll be can see it over here and then it'll be can see it over here and then it'll be sent to the output layer. Now basically sent to the output layer. Now basically sent to the output layer. Now basically you can add more hidden layers to solve you can add more hidden layers to solve you can add more hidden layers to solve more complex problem. For example, if I more complex problem. For example, if I more complex problem. For example, if I want to find out a particular kind of want to find out a particular kind of want to find out a particular kind of face for example a face which has large face for example a face which has large face for example a face which has large eyes or which has light complexion. So I eyes or which has light complexion. So I eyes or which has light complexion. So I can do that by adding more hidden layers can do that by adding more hidden layers can do that by adding more hidden layers and I can increase the complexity also and I can increase the complexity also and I can increase the complexity also at the same time. If I want to find at the same time. If I want to find at the same time. If I want to find which image contains a dog. So for that which image contains a dog. So for that which image contains a dog. So for that also I can have one more hidden layer. also I can have one more hidden layer. also I can have one more hidden layer. So as and when hidden layer increases we So as and when hidden layer increases we So as and when hidden layer increases we are able to solve more and more complex are able to solve more and more complex are able to solve more and more complex problem. So this is just a general problem. So this is just a general problem. So this is just a general overview of how a deep network looks overview of how a deep network looks overview of how a deep network looks like. So we have first patterns of local like. So we have first patterns of local like. So we have first patterns of local contrast in the first layer. Then what contrast in the first layer. Then what contrast in the first layer. Then what happens? We fixate these patterns of happens? We fixate these patterns of happens? We fixate these patterns of local contrast in order to form the face local contrast in order to form the face local contrast in order to form the face features such as eyes, nose, ears etc. features such as eyes, nose, ears etc. features such as eyes, nose, ears etc. And then we accumulate these features And then we accumulate these features And then we accumulate these features for the correct face and then we for the correct face and then we for the correct face and then we determine the image. So this is how uh determine the image. So this is how uh determine the image. So this is how uh deep learning network or you can say deep learning network or you can say deep learning network or you can say deep network looks like and I'll give deep network looks like and I'll give deep network looks like and I'll give you some applications of deep learning. you some applications of deep learning. you some applications of deep learning. So here are a few applications of deep So here are a few applications of deep So here are a few applications of deep learning. It can be used in self-driving learning. It can be used in self-driving learning. It can be used in self-driving cars. So you must have heard about cars. So you must have heard about cars. So you must have heard about self-driving cars. So what happens? self-driving cars. So what happens? self-driving cars. So what happens? It'll capture the images around it. It'll capture the images around it. It'll capture the images around it. It'll process that huge amount of data It'll process that huge amount of data It'll process that huge amount of data and then it'll decide what action should and then it'll decide what action should and then it'll decide what action should it take. Should it take left, right? it take. Should it take left, right? it take. Should it take left, right? Should it stop? So accordingly it'll Should it stop? So accordingly it'll Should it stop? So accordingly it'll decide what action should it take and decide what action should it take and decide what action should it take and that will reduce the amount of accidents that will reduce the amount of accidents that will reduce the amount of accidents that happens every year. Then when we that happens every year. Then when we that happens every year. Then when we talk about voice control assistance, I'm talk about voice control assistance, I'm talk about voice control assistance, I'm pretty sure you must have heard about pretty sure you must have heard about pretty sure you must have heard about Siri. All the iPhone users know about Siri. All the iPhone users know about Siri. All the iPhone users know about Siri, right? So you can tell Siri Siri, right? So you can tell Siri Siri, right? So you can tell Siri whatever you want to do, it'll search it whatever you want to do, it'll search it whatever you want to do, it'll search it for you and display for you. Then when for you and display for you. Then when for you and display for you. Then when we talk about automatic image caption we talk about automatic image caption we talk about automatic image caption generation, so what happens in this generation, so what happens in this generation, so what happens in this whatever image that you upload, the whatever image that you upload, the whatever image that you upload, the algorithm is in such a way that will algorithm is in such a way that will algorithm is in such a way that will generate the caption accordingly. So for generate the caption accordingly. So for generate the caption accordingly. So for example, if you have say blue colored example, if you have say blue colored example, if you have say blue colored eyes, so it'll display a blue colored eyes, so it'll display a blue colored eyes, so it'll display a blue colored eye caption at the bottom of the image. eye caption at the bottom of the image. eye caption at the bottom of the image. Now when I talk about automatic machine Now when I talk about automatic machine Now when I talk about automatic machine translation, so we can convert English translation, so we can convert English translation, so we can convert English language into Spanish. Similarly, language into Spanish. Similarly, language into Spanish. Similarly, Spanish to French. So basically Spanish to French. So basically Spanish to French. So basically automatic machine translation, you can automatic machine translation, you can automatic machine translation, you can convert one language to another language convert one language to another language convert one language to another language with the help of deep learning. And with the help of deep learning. And with the help of deep learning. And these are just few examples guys. There these are just few examples guys. There these are just few examples guys. There are many many other examples of deep are many many other examples of deep are many many other examples of deep learning. It can be used in game learning. It can be used in game learning. It can be used in game playing. It can be used in many other playing. It can be used in many other playing. It can be used in many other things. And let me tell you one very things. And let me tell you one very things. And let me tell you one very fascinating thing that I've told you in fascinating thing that I've told you in fascinating thing that I've told you in the beginning as well. With the help of the beginning as well. With the help of the beginning as well. With the help of deep learning, MIT is trying to predict deep learning, MIT is trying to predict deep learning, MIT is trying to predict future. So yeah, I know it is growing future. So yeah, I know it is growing future. So yeah, I know it is growing exponentially right now guys. So this is the problem statement guys. So this is the problem statement guys. So this is the problem statement guys. We need to figure out if the bank notes We need to figure out if the bank notes We need to figure out if the bank notes are real or fake and for that we'll be are real or fake and for that we'll be are real or fake and for that we'll be using artificial neural networks and using artificial neural networks and using artificial neural networks and obviously we need some sort of data in obviously we need some sort of data in obviously we need some sort of data in order to train our network. So let us order to train our network. So let us order to train our network. So let us see how the data set looks like. So over see how the data set looks like. So over see how the data set looks like. So over here I've taken a screenshot of the data here I've taken a screenshot of the data here I've taken a screenshot of the data set with few of the rows in it. data set with few of the rows in it. data set with few of the rows in it. data were extracted from images that were were extracted from images that were were extracted from images that were taken from genuine and forged taken from genuine and forged taken from genuine and forged banknotelike specimens. After that, banknotelike specimens. After that, banknotelike specimens. After that, wavelength transform tools were used to wavelength transform tools were used to wavelength transform tools were used to extract features from those images. And extract features from those images. And extract features from those images. And these are few features that I'm these are few features that I'm these are few features that I'm highlighting with my cursor. And the highlighting with my cursor. And the highlighting with my cursor. And the final column or the last column actually final column or the last column actually final column or the last column actually represents the label. So basically label represents the label. So basically label represents the label. So basically label tells us to which class that pattern tells us to which class that pattern tells us to which class that pattern represents whether that pattern represents whether that pattern represents whether that pattern represents a fake note or it represents represents a fake note or it represents represents a fake note or it represents a real node. Let us discuss these a real node. Let us discuss these a real node. Let us discuss these features and labels one by one. So the features and labels one by one. So the features and labels one by one. So the first feature or the first column is first feature or the first column is first feature or the first column is nothing but variance of wavelength nothing but variance of wavelength nothing but variance of wavelength transformed image. The second column is transformed image. The second column is transformed image. The second column is about skewess. The third is courtesis of about skewess. The third is courtesis of about skewess. The third is courtesis of wavelength transformed image. And wavelength transformed image. And wavelength transformed image. And finally fourth one is entropy of the finally fourth one is entropy of the finally fourth one is entropy of the image. After that when I talk about image. After that when I talk about image. After that when I talk about label which is nothing but my last label which is nothing but my last label which is nothing but my last column. Over here if the value is one column. Over here if the value is one column. Over here if the value is one that means the pattern represents a real that means the pattern represents a real that means the pattern represents a real load whereas when value is zero that load whereas when value is zero that load whereas when value is zero that means it represents a fake node. So guys means it represents a fake node. So guys means it represents a fake node. So guys let's move forward and we'll see what let's move forward and we'll see what let's move forward and we'll see what are the various steps involved in order are the various steps involved in order are the various steps involved in order to implement this use case. So over here to implement this use case. So over here to implement this use case. So over here we'll first begin by reading the data we'll first begin by reading the data we'll first begin by reading the data set that we have. We'll define features set that we have. We'll define features set that we have. We'll define features and labels. After that we are going to and labels. After that we are going to and labels. After that we are going to encode the dependent variable. And what encode the dependent variable. And what encode the dependent variable. And what is a dependent variable? It is nothing is a dependent variable? It is nothing is a dependent variable? It is nothing but your label. Then we are going to but your label. Then we are going to but your label. Then we are going to divide the data set into two parts. One divide the data set into two parts. One divide the data set into two parts. One for training, another for testing. After for training, another for testing. After for training, another for testing. After that we'll use TensorFlow data that we'll use TensorFlow data that we'll use TensorFlow data structures for holding features, labels, structures for holding features, labels, structures for holding features, labels, etc. And TensorFlow is nothing but a etc. And TensorFlow is nothing but a etc. And TensorFlow is nothing but a Python library that is used in order to Python library that is used in order to Python library that is used in order to implement deep learning models or you implement deep learning models or you implement deep learning models or you can say neural networks. Then we'll can say neural networks. Then we'll can say neural networks. Then we'll write the code in order to implement the write the code in order to implement the write the code in order to implement the model. And once this is done, we will model. And once this is done, we will model. And once this is done, we will train our model on the training data. train our model on the training data. train our model on the training data. We'll calculate the error. The error is We'll calculate the error. The error is We'll calculate the error. The error is nothing but your difference between the nothing but your difference between the nothing but your difference between the model output and the actual output. And model output and the actual output. And model output and the actual output. And we'll try to reduce this error. And once we'll try to reduce this error. And once we'll try to reduce this error. And once this error becomes minimum, we'll make this error becomes minimum, we'll make this error becomes minimum, we'll make prediction on the test data and we'll prediction on the test data and we'll prediction on the test data and we'll calculate the final accuracy. So guys, calculate the final accuracy. So guys, calculate the final accuracy. So guys, let me quickly open my PyCharm and I'll let me quickly open my PyCharm and I'll let me quickly open my PyCharm and I'll show you how the output looks like. So show you how the output looks like. So show you how the output looks like. So this is my PyCharm guys. Over here, I've this is my PyCharm guys. Over here, I've this is my PyCharm guys. Over here, I've already written the code in order to already written the code in order to already written the code in order to execute the use case. I'll go ahead and execute the use case. I'll go ahead and execute the use case. I'll go ahead and run this and I'll show you the output. So over here as you can see with every So over here as you can see with every So over here as you can see with every iteration the accuracy is increasing. So iteration the accuracy is increasing. So iteration the accuracy is increasing. So let me just stop it right here. All let me just stop it right here. All let me just stop it right here. All right. Till now any questions any doubts right. Till now any questions any doubts right. Till now any questions any doubts with respect to what is our use case, with respect to what is our use case, with respect to what is our use case, what is the data set about. So we'll what is the data set about. So we'll what is the data set about. So we'll move forward and we'll understand why we move forward and we'll understand why we move forward and we'll understand why we need neural networks. So in order to need neural networks. So in order to need neural networks. So in order to understand why we need neural networks, understand why we need neural networks, understand why we need neural networks, we are going to compare the approach we are going to compare the approach we are going to compare the approach before and after neural networks and before and after neural networks and before and after neural networks and we'll see what were the various problems we'll see what were the various problems we'll see what were the various problems that were there before neural networks. that were there before neural networks. that were there before neural networks. So earlier conventional computers use an So earlier conventional computers use an So earlier conventional computers use an algorithmic approach that is the algorithmic approach that is the algorithmic approach that is the computer follows a set of instructions computer follows a set of instructions computer follows a set of instructions in order to solve a problem and unless in order to solve a problem and unless in order to solve a problem and unless the specific steps that the computer the specific steps that the computer the specific steps that the computer needs to follow are known the computer needs to follow are known the computer needs to follow are known the computer cannot solve the problem. So obviously cannot solve the problem. So obviously cannot solve the problem. So obviously we need a person who actually knows how we need a person who actually knows how we need a person who actually knows how to solve that problem and he or she can to solve that problem and he or she can to solve that problem and he or she can provide the instructions to the computer provide the instructions to the computer provide the instructions to the computer as to how to solve that particular as to how to solve that particular as to how to solve that particular problem. Right? So we first should know problem. Right? So we first should know problem. Right? So we first should know the answer to that problem or we should the answer to that problem or we should the answer to that problem or we should know how to overcome that challenge or know how to overcome that challenge or know how to overcome that challenge or problem which is there in front of us. problem which is there in front of us. problem which is there in front of us. Then only we can provide instructions to Then only we can provide instructions to Then only we can provide instructions to the computer. So this restricts the the computer. So this restricts the the computer. So this restricts the problem solving capability of problem solving capability of problem solving capability of conventional computers to problems that conventional computers to problems that conventional computers to problems that we already understand and know how to we already understand and know how to we already understand and know how to solve. But what about those problems solve. But what about those problems solve. But what about those problems whose answer we have no clue of? So whose answer we have no clue of? So whose answer we have no clue of? So that's where our traditional approach that's where our traditional approach that's where our traditional approach was a failure. So that's why neural was a failure. So that's why neural was a failure. So that's why neural networks were introduced. Now let us see networks were introduced. Now let us see networks were introduced. Now let us see what was the scenario after neural what was the scenario after neural what was the scenario after neural networks. So neural networks basically networks. So neural networks basically networks. So neural networks basically process information in a similar way the process information in a similar way the process information in a similar way the human brain does. And these networks human brain does. And these networks human brain does. And these networks they actually learn from examples. You they actually learn from examples. You they actually learn from examples. You cannot program them to perform a cannot program them to perform a cannot program them to perform a specific task. They will learn from specific task. They will learn from specific task. They will learn from their examples from their experience. So their examples from their experience. So their examples from their experience. So you don't need to provide all the you don't need to provide all the you don't need to provide all the instructions to perform a specific task instructions to perform a specific task instructions to perform a specific task and your network will learn on its own and your network will learn on its own and your network will learn on its own with its own experience. All right. with its own experience. All right. with its own experience. All right. Right. So this is what basically neural Right. So this is what basically neural Right. So this is what basically neural network does. So even if you don't know network does. So even if you don't know network does. So even if you don't know how to solve a problem, you can train how to solve a problem, you can train how to solve a problem, you can train your network in such a way that with your network in such a way that with your network in such a way that with experience it can actually learn how to experience it can actually learn how to experience it can actually learn how to solve the problem. So that was a major solve the problem. So that was a major solve the problem. So that was a major reason why neural networks came into reason why neural networks came into reason why neural networks came into existence. So these neural networks are existence. So these neural networks are existence. So these neural networks are basically inspired by neurons which are basically inspired by neurons which are basically inspired by neurons which are nothing but your brain cells. And the nothing but your brain cells. And the nothing but your brain cells. And the exact working of the human brain is exact working of the human brain is exact working of the human brain is still a mystery though. So as I've told still a mystery though. So as I've told still a mystery though. So as I've told you earlier as well that neural networks you earlier as well that neural networks you earlier as well that neural networks work like human brain and so the name work like human brain and so the name work like human brain and so the name and similar to a newborn human baby as and similar to a newborn human baby as and similar to a newborn human baby as he or she learns from his or her he or she learns from his or her he or she learns from his or her experience we want a network to do that experience we want a network to do that experience we want a network to do that as well but we wanted to do very as well but we wanted to do very as well but we wanted to do very quickly. So here's a diagram of a quickly. So here's a diagram of a quickly. So here's a diagram of a neuron. Basically a biological neuron neuron. Basically a biological neuron neuron. Basically a biological neuron receives input from other sources receives input from other sources receives input from other sources combines them in some way perform a combines them in some way perform a combines them in some way perform a generally nonlinear operation on the generally nonlinear operation on the generally nonlinear operation on the result and then outputs the final result and then outputs the final result and then outputs the final result. So here if you notice these result. So here if you notice these result. So here if you notice these dendrites these dendrites will receive dendrites these dendrites will receive dendrites these dendrites will receive signals from the other neurons. Then signals from the other neurons. Then signals from the other neurons. Then what will happen? It will transfer it to what will happen? It will transfer it to what will happen? It will transfer it to the cell body. The cell body will the cell body. The cell body will the cell body. The cell body will perform some function. It can be perform some function. It can be perform some function. It can be summation. It can be multiplication. So summation. It can be multiplication. So summation. It can be multiplication. So after performing that summation on the after performing that summation on the after performing that summation on the set of inputs via exxon it is set of inputs via exxon it is set of inputs via exxon it is transferred to the next neuron. Now transferred to the next neuron. Now transferred to the next neuron. Now let's understand what exactly are let's understand what exactly are let's understand what exactly are artificial neural networks. It is artificial neural networks. It is artificial neural networks. It is basically a computing system that is basically a computing system that is basically a computing system that is designed to simulate the way the human designed to simulate the way the human designed to simulate the way the human brain analyzes and process the brain analyzes and process the brain analyzes and process the information. Artificial neural networks information. Artificial neural networks information. Artificial neural networks has self-arning capabilities that enable has self-arning capabilities that enable has self-arning capabilities that enable it to produce better results as more it to produce better results as more it to produce better results as more data becomes available. So if you train data becomes available. So if you train data becomes available. So if you train your network on more data, it'll be more your network on more data, it'll be more your network on more data, it'll be more accurate. So these neural networks, they accurate. So these neural networks, they accurate. So these neural networks, they actually learn by example. And you can actually learn by example. And you can actually learn by example. And you can configure your neural network for configure your neural network for configure your neural network for specific applications. It can be pattern specific applications. It can be pattern specific applications. It can be pattern recognition or it can be data recognition or it can be data recognition or it can be data classification, anything like that. All classification, anything like that. All classification, anything like that. All right. So because of neural networks, we right. So because of neural networks, we right. So because of neural networks, we see a lot of new technology has evolved see a lot of new technology has evolved see a lot of new technology has evolved from translating web pages to other from translating web pages to other from translating web pages to other languages to having a virtual assistant languages to having a virtual assistant languages to having a virtual assistant to order groceries online to conversing to order groceries online to conversing to order groceries online to conversing with chat bots. All of these things are with chat bots. All of these things are with chat bots. All of these things are possible because of neural networks. So possible because of neural networks. So possible because of neural networks. So in a nutshell, if I need to tell you in a nutshell, if I need to tell you in a nutshell, if I need to tell you artificial neural network is nothing but artificial neural network is nothing but artificial neural network is nothing but a network of various artificial neurons. a network of various artificial neurons. a network of various artificial neurons. All right. So let me show you the All right. So let me show you the All right. So let me show you the importance of neural network with two importance of neural network with two importance of neural network with two scenarios before and after neural scenarios before and after neural scenarios before and after neural network. So over here we have a machine network. So over here we have a machine network. So over here we have a machine and we have trained this machine on four and we have trained this machine on four and we have trained this machine on four types of dogs as you can see where I'm types of dogs as you can see where I'm types of dogs as you can see where I'm highlighting with my cursor and once the highlighting with my cursor and once the highlighting with my cursor and once the training is done we provide a random training is done we provide a random training is done we provide a random image to this particular machine which image to this particular machine which image to this particular machine which has a dog but this dog is not like the has a dog but this dog is not like the has a dog but this dog is not like the other dogs on which we have trained our other dogs on which we have trained our other dogs on which we have trained our system on. So without neural networks system on. So without neural networks system on. So without neural networks our machine cannot identify that dog in our machine cannot identify that dog in our machine cannot identify that dog in the picture as you can see it over here. the picture as you can see it over here. the picture as you can see it over here. Basically our machine will be confused. Basically our machine will be confused. Basically our machine will be confused. It cannot figure out where the dog is. It cannot figure out where the dog is. It cannot figure out where the dog is. Now when I talk about neural networks, Now when I talk about neural networks, Now when I talk about neural networks, even if we have not trained our machine even if we have not trained our machine even if we have not trained our machine on this specific dog, but still it can on this specific dog, but still it can on this specific dog, but still it can identify certain features of the dogs identify certain features of the dogs identify certain features of the dogs that we have trained on and it can match that we have trained on and it can match that we have trained on and it can match those features with the dog that is those features with the dog that is those features with the dog that is there in this particular image and it there in this particular image and it there in this particular image and it can identify that dog. So this happens can identify that dog. So this happens can identify that dog. So this happens all because of neural networks. So this all because of neural networks. So this all because of neural networks. So this is just an example to show you how is just an example to show you how is just an example to show you how important are neural networks. Now I important are neural networks. Now I important are neural networks. Now I know you all must be thinking how neural know you all must be thinking how neural know you all must be thinking how neural networks work. So for that we'll move networks work. So for that we'll move networks work. So for that we'll move forward and understand how it actually forward and understand how it actually forward and understand how it actually works. So over here I'll begin by first works. So over here I'll begin by first works. So over here I'll begin by first explaining a single artificial neuron explaining a single artificial neuron explaining a single artificial neuron that is called as perceptron. So this is that is called as perceptron. So this is that is called as perceptron. So this is an example of a perceptron. Over here we an example of a perceptron. Over here we an example of a perceptron. Over here we have multiple inputs x1 x2 dash till xn have multiple inputs x1 x2 dash till xn have multiple inputs x1 x2 dash till xn and we have corresponding weights as and we have corresponding weights as and we have corresponding weights as well. W1 for x1 w2 for x2 similarly wn well. W1 for x1 w2 for x2 similarly wn well. W1 for x1 w2 for x2 similarly wn for xn. Then what happens? We calculated for xn. Then what happens? We calculated for xn. Then what happens? We calculated the weighted sum of these inputs. And the weighted sum of these inputs. And the weighted sum of these inputs. And after doing that we pass it through an after doing that we pass it through an after doing that we pass it through an activation function. This activation activation function. This activation activation function. This activation function is nothing but it provides a function is nothing but it provides a function is nothing but it provides a threshold value. So above that value my threshold value. So above that value my threshold value. So above that value my neuron will fire else it won't fire. So neuron will fire else it won't fire. So neuron will fire else it won't fire. So this is basically an artificial neuron. this is basically an artificial neuron. this is basically an artificial neuron. So when I talk about a neural network it So when I talk about a neural network it So when I talk about a neural network it involves a lot of these artificial involves a lot of these artificial involves a lot of these artificial neurons with their own activation neurons with their own activation neurons with their own activation function and their processing element. function and their processing element. function and their processing element. Now we'll move forward and we'll Now we'll move forward and we'll Now we'll move forward and we'll actually understand various modes of actually understand various modes of actually understand various modes of this perceptron or single artificial this perceptron or single artificial this perceptron or single artificial neuron. So there are two modes in a neuron. So there are two modes in a neuron. So there are two modes in a perceptron. One is training, another is perceptron. One is training, another is perceptron. One is training, another is using mode. In training mode, the neuron using mode. In training mode, the neuron using mode. In training mode, the neuron can be trained to fire for particular can be trained to fire for particular can be trained to fire for particular input patterns. Which means that we'll input patterns. Which means that we'll input patterns. Which means that we'll actually train our neuron to fire on actually train our neuron to fire on actually train our neuron to fire on certain set of inputs and to not fire on certain set of inputs and to not fire on certain set of inputs and to not fire on the other set of inputs. That's what the other set of inputs. That's what the other set of inputs. That's what basically training mode is. When I talk basically training mode is. When I talk basically training mode is. When I talk about using mode, it means that when a about using mode, it means that when a about using mode, it means that when a tot input pattern is detected at the tot input pattern is detected at the tot input pattern is detected at the input, its associated output becomes the input, its associated output becomes the input, its associated output becomes the current output. Which means that once current output. Which means that once current output. Which means that once the training is done and we provide an the training is done and we provide an the training is done and we provide an input on which the neuron has been input on which the neuron has been input on which the neuron has been trained on so it'll detect the input and trained on so it'll detect the input and trained on so it'll detect the input and we'll provide the associated output. So we'll provide the associated output. So we'll provide the associated output. So that's what basically using mode is. So that's what basically using mode is. So that's what basically using mode is. So first you need to train it then only you first you need to train it then only you first you need to train it then only you can use your perceptron or your uh can use your perceptron or your uh can use your perceptron or your uh network. So these were the two modes network. So these were the two modes network. So these were the two modes guys. Next up we'll understand what are guys. Next up we'll understand what are guys. Next up we'll understand what are the various activation functions the various activation functions the various activation functions available. So these are the three available. So these are the three available. So these are the three activation functions although there are activation functions although there are activation functions although there are many more but I've listed down three many more but I've listed down three many more but I've listed down three step function. So over here the moment step function. So over here the moment step function. So over here the moment your input is greater than this your input is greater than this your input is greater than this particular value your neuron will fire particular value your neuron will fire particular value your neuron will fire else it won't. Similarly for sigmoid and else it won't. Similarly for sigmoid and else it won't. Similarly for sigmoid and sine function as well. So these are sine function as well. So these are sine function as well. So these are three activation functions. There are three activation functions. There are three activation functions. There are many more that I've told you earlier as many more that I've told you earlier as many more that I've told you earlier as well. So these are the three majorly well. So these are the three majorly well. So these are the three majorly used activation functions. Next up what used activation functions. Next up what used activation functions. Next up what we are going to do we are going to we are going to do we are going to we are going to do we are going to understand how a neuron learns from its understand how a neuron learns from its understand how a neuron learns from its experience. So I'll give you a very good experience. So I'll give you a very good experience. So I'll give you a very good analogy in order to understand that and analogy in order to understand that and analogy in order to understand that and later on when we talk about neural later on when we talk about neural later on when we talk about neural networks or you can say multiple neurons networks or you can say multiple neurons networks or you can say multiple neurons in a network I'll explain you the math in a network I'll explain you the math in a network I'll explain you the math behind it. I'll explain you the math behind it. I'll explain you the math behind it. I'll explain you the math behind learning how it actually happens. behind learning how it actually happens. behind learning how it actually happens. So right now I'll explain you with an So right now I'll explain you with an So right now I'll explain you with an analogy and guys trust me that analogy analogy and guys trust me that analogy analogy and guys trust me that analogy is pretty interesting. So I know all of is pretty interesting. So I know all of is pretty interesting. So I know all of you must have guessed it. So these are you must have guessed it. So these are you must have guessed it. So these are two beer mugs and all of you who love two beer mugs and all of you who love two beer mugs and all of you who love beer can actually relate to this analogy beer can actually relate to this analogy beer can actually relate to this analogy a lot and I know most of you actually a lot and I know most of you actually a lot and I know most of you actually love beer. So that's why I've chosen love beer. So that's why I've chosen love beer. So that's why I've chosen this particular analogy so that all of this particular analogy so that all of this particular analogy so that all of you can relate to it. All right, jokes you can relate to it. All right, jokes you can relate to it. All right, jokes apart. So fine guys, so there's a beer apart. So fine guys, so there's a beer apart. So fine guys, so there's a beer festival happening near your house and festival happening near your house and festival happening near your house and you want to badly go there. But your you want to badly go there. But your you want to badly go there. But your decision actually depends on three decision actually depends on three decision actually depends on three factors. First is how is the weather, factors. First is how is the weather, factors. First is how is the weather, whether it is good or bad. Second is whether it is good or bad. Second is whether it is good or bad. Second is your wife or husband is going with you your wife or husband is going with you your wife or husband is going with you or not. And the third one is any public or not. And the third one is any public or not. And the third one is any public transport is available. So on these transport is available. So on these transport is available. So on these three factors, your decision will depend three factors, your decision will depend three factors, your decision will depend whether you'll go or not. So we'll whether you'll go or not. So we'll whether you'll go or not. So we'll consider these three factors as inputs consider these three factors as inputs consider these three factors as inputs to our perceptron and we'll consider our to our perceptron and we'll consider our to our perceptron and we'll consider our decision of going or not going to the decision of going or not going to the decision of going or not going to the beer festival as our output. So let us beer festival as our output. So let us beer festival as our output. So let us move forward with that. So we'll move move forward with that. So we'll move move forward with that. So we'll move forward and we'll see what are the forward and we'll see what are the forward and we'll see what are the various inputs that I'm talking about. various inputs that I'm talking about. various inputs that I'm talking about. So the first input is how is the So the first input is how is the So the first input is how is the weather? We'll consider it as x1. So weather? We'll consider it as x1. So weather? We'll consider it as x1. So when weather is good it'll be one and when weather is good it'll be one and when weather is good it'll be one and when it is bad it'll be zero. Similarly when it is bad it'll be zero. Similarly when it is bad it'll be zero. Similarly your wife is going with you or not. So your wife is going with you or not. So your wife is going with you or not. So that be your x2. If she is going then that be your x2. If she is going then that be your x2. If she is going then it's one. If she's not going then it's it's one. If she's not going then it's it's one. If she's not going then it's zero. Similarly for public transport if zero. Similarly for public transport if zero. Similarly for public transport if it is available then it is one else it it is available then it is one else it it is available then it is one else it is zero. So these are the three inputs is zero. So these are the three inputs is zero. So these are the three inputs that I'm talking about. Let's see the that I'm talking about. Let's see the that I'm talking about. Let's see the output. So output will be one when output. So output will be one when output. So output will be one when you're going to the beer festival and you're going to the beer festival and you're going to the beer festival and output will be zero when you want to output will be zero when you want to output will be zero when you want to relax at home. You want to have beer at relax at home. You want to have beer at relax at home. You want to have beer at home only. You don't want to go outside. home only. You don't want to go outside. home only. You don't want to go outside. So these are the two outputs whether you So these are the two outputs whether you So these are the two outputs whether you are going or you're not going. Now what are going or you're not going. Now what are going or you're not going. Now what a human brain does over here. Okay fine a human brain does over here. Okay fine a human brain does over here. Okay fine I need to go to the beer festival. But I need to go to the beer festival. But I need to go to the beer festival. But there are three things that I need to there are three things that I need to there are three things that I need to consider. But will I give importance to consider. But will I give importance to consider. But will I give importance to all these factors equally? Definitely all these factors equally? Definitely all these factors equally? Definitely not. There'll be certain factors which not. There'll be certain factors which not. There'll be certain factors which will be of higher priority for me. I'll will be of higher priority for me. I'll will be of higher priority for me. I'll focus on those factors more. Whereas few focus on those factors more. Whereas few focus on those factors more. Whereas few factors won't affect that much to me. factors won't affect that much to me. factors won't affect that much to me. All right? So let's prioritize our All right? So let's prioritize our All right? So let's prioritize our inputs or factors. So here our most inputs or factors. So here our most inputs or factors. So here our most important factor is weather. So if important factor is weather. So if important factor is weather. So if weather is good, I love beer so much weather is good, I love beer so much weather is good, I love beer so much that I don't care even if my wife is that I don't care even if my wife is that I don't care even if my wife is going with me or not or if there is a going with me or not or if there is a going with me or not or if there is a public transport available. So I love public transport available. So I love public transport available. So I love beer that much that if weather is good beer that much that if weather is good beer that much that if weather is good that definitely I'm going there. That that definitely I'm going there. That that definitely I'm going there. That means when X1 is high output will be means when X1 is high output will be means when X1 is high output will be definitely high. So how we do that? How definitely high. So how we do that? How definitely high. So how we do that? How we actually prioritize our factors or we actually prioritize our factors or we actually prioritize our factors or how we actually give importance more to how we actually give importance more to how we actually give importance more to a particular input and less to another a particular input and less to another a particular input and less to another input in a perceptron or in a neuron. So input in a perceptron or in a neuron. So input in a perceptron or in a neuron. So we do that by using weights. So we we do that by using weights. So we we do that by using weights. So we assign high weights to the more assign high weights to the more assign high weights to the more important factors or more important important factors or more important important factors or more important inputs and we assign low weights to inputs and we assign low weights to inputs and we assign low weights to those particular inputs which are not those particular inputs which are not those particular inputs which are not that important for us. So let's assign that important for us. So let's assign that important for us. So let's assign weights guys. So weight w is associated weights guys. So weight w is associated weights guys. So weight w is associated with input x1, w2 with x2 and similarly with input x1, w2 with x2 and similarly with input x1, w2 with x2 and similarly w3 with x3. Now as I've told you earlier w3 with x3. Now as I've told you earlier w3 with x3. Now as I've told you earlier as well that weather is a very important as well that weather is a very important as well that weather is a very important factor. So I'll assign a pretty high factor. So I'll assign a pretty high factor. So I'll assign a pretty high weight to weather and I'll keep it as weight to weather and I'll keep it as weight to weather and I'll keep it as six. Similarly w2 and w3 are not that six. Similarly w2 and w3 are not that six. Similarly w2 and w3 are not that important. So I'll keep it as 22. After important. So I'll keep it as 22. After important. So I'll keep it as 22. After that I've defined a threshold value as that I've defined a threshold value as that I've defined a threshold value as five which means that when the weighted five which means that when the weighted five which means that when the weighted sum of my input is greater than five sum of my input is greater than five sum of my input is greater than five then only my neuron will fire or you can then only my neuron will fire or you can then only my neuron will fire or you can say then only I'll be going to the BF say then only I'll be going to the BF say then only I'll be going to the BF festival. All right. So I'll use my pen festival. All right. So I'll use my pen festival. All right. So I'll use my pen and we'll see what happens when weather and we'll see what happens when weather and we'll see what happens when weather is good. So when weather is good, our x1 is good. So when weather is good, our x1 is good. So when weather is good, our x1 is 1. Our weight is six. We'll multiply is 1. Our weight is six. We'll multiply is 1. Our weight is six. We'll multiply it with six. Then it with six. Then it with six. Then if my wife decides that she is going to if my wife decides that she is going to if my wife decides that she is going to stay at home and she will probably be stay at home and she will probably be stay at home and she will probably be busy with cooking and she doesn't want busy with cooking and she doesn't want busy with cooking and she doesn't want to drink beer with me so she's not to drink beer with me so she's not to drink beer with me so she's not coming. So that input becomes zero. 0 coming. So that input becomes zero. 0 coming. So that input becomes zero. 0 into two will actually make no into two will actually make no into two will actually make no difference because it'll be zero only. difference because it'll be zero only. difference because it'll be zero only. Then again there is no public transport Then again there is no public transport Then again there is no public transport available also. Then also this will be 0 available also. Then also this will be 0 available also. Then also this will be 0 into 2. into 2. into 2. So what output I get here? I get here as So what output I get here? I get here as So what output I get here? I get here as six. six. six. And notice the threshold value it is And notice the threshold value it is And notice the threshold value it is five. So definitely six is greater than five. So definitely six is greater than five. So definitely six is greater than five. five. five. That means my output That means my output That means my output will be one or you can say my neuron will be one or you can say my neuron will be one or you can say my neuron will fire or I'll actually go to the will fire or I'll actually go to the will fire or I'll actually go to the beer festival. So even if these two beer festival. So even if these two beer festival. So even if these two inputs are zero for me that means my inputs are zero for me that means my inputs are zero for me that means my wife is not willing to go with me and wife is not willing to go with me and wife is not willing to go with me and there is no public transport available there is no public transport available there is no public transport available but weather is good which has very high but weather is good which has very high but weather is good which has very high weight value and it actually matters a weight value and it actually matters a weight value and it actually matters a lot to me. So if that is high it doesn't lot to me. So if that is high it doesn't lot to me. So if that is high it doesn't really matter whether the two inputs are really matter whether the two inputs are really matter whether the two inputs are high or not I will definitely go to the high or not I will definitely go to the high or not I will definitely go to the BF festival. All right now I'll explain BF festival. All right now I'll explain BF festival. All right now I'll explain you a different scenario. So over here you a different scenario. So over here you a different scenario. So over here our threshold was five but what if I our threshold was five but what if I our threshold was five but what if I change this threshold to three. So in change this threshold to three. So in change this threshold to three. So in that scenario even if my weather is not that scenario even if my weather is not that scenario even if my weather is not good uh I'll give it the zero. So 0 into good uh I'll give it the zero. So 0 into good uh I'll give it the zero. So 0 into 6 but my wife and public transport both 6 but my wife and public transport both 6 but my wife and public transport both are available. All right. So 1 into 2 + are available. All right. So 1 into 2 + are available. All right. So 1 into 2 + 1 into 2 1 into 2 1 into 2 which is equal to 4 which is equal to 4 which is equal to 4 and it is definitely greater than three. and it is definitely greater than three. and it is definitely greater than three. Then also my output will be one. that Then also my output will be one. that Then also my output will be one. that means I will definitely go to the beer means I will definitely go to the beer means I will definitely go to the beer festival even if weather is bad and my festival even if weather is bad and my festival even if weather is bad and my neuron will fire. So these are the two neuron will fire. So these are the two neuron will fire. So these are the two scenarios that I have discussed with scenarios that I have discussed with scenarios that I have discussed with you. All right. So there can be many you. All right. So there can be many you. All right. So there can be many other ways in which you can actually other ways in which you can actually other ways in which you can actually assign weight to your uh problem or to assign weight to your uh problem or to assign weight to your uh problem or to your learning algorithm. So these are your learning algorithm. So these are your learning algorithm. So these are the two ways in which you can assign the two ways in which you can assign the two ways in which you can assign weights and prioritize your inputs or weights and prioritize your inputs or weights and prioritize your inputs or factors on which your output will factors on which your output will factors on which your output will depend. So obviously in real life all depend. So obviously in real life all depend. So obviously in real life all the inputs or all the factors are not as the inputs or all the factors are not as the inputs or all the factors are not as important for you. So you actually important for you. So you actually important for you. So you actually prioritize them and how you do that in prioritize them and how you do that in prioritize them and how you do that in perceptron you provide high weight to perceptron you provide high weight to perceptron you provide high weight to it. This is just an analogy so that you it. This is just an analogy so that you it. This is just an analogy so that you can relate to a perceptron to a real can relate to a perceptron to a real can relate to a perceptron to a real life. We'll actually discuss the maths life. We'll actually discuss the maths life. We'll actually discuss the maths behind it later in the session as to how behind it later in the session as to how behind it later in the session as to how a network or a neuron learns. All right. a network or a neuron learns. All right. a network or a neuron learns. All right. So how the weights are actually updated So how the weights are actually updated So how the weights are actually updated and how the output is changing that all and how the output is changing that all and how the output is changing that all those things we'll be discussing later those things we'll be discussing later those things we'll be discussing later in the session. But my aim is to make in the session. But my aim is to make in the session. But my aim is to make you understand that you can actually you understand that you can actually you understand that you can actually relate to a real life problem with that relate to a real life problem with that relate to a real life problem with that of a perceptron. All right? And in real of a perceptron. All right? And in real of a perceptron. All right? And in real life problems are not that easy. They life problems are not that easy. They life problems are not that easy. They are very very complex problems that we are very very complex problems that we are very very complex problems that we actually face. So in order to solve actually face. So in order to solve actually face. So in order to solve those problems a single neuron is those problems a single neuron is those problems a single neuron is definitely not enough. So we need definitely not enough. So we need definitely not enough. So we need networks of neuron and that's where networks of neuron and that's where networks of neuron and that's where artificial neural network or you can say artificial neural network or you can say artificial neural network or you can say multi-layer perceptron comes into the multi-layer perceptron comes into the multi-layer perceptron comes into the picture. Now let us discuss that picture. Now let us discuss that picture. Now let us discuss that multi-layer perceptron or artificial multi-layer perceptron or artificial multi-layer perceptron or artificial neural network. So this is how an neural network. So this is how an neural network. So this is how an artificial neural network actually looks artificial neural network actually looks artificial neural network actually looks like. So over here we have multiple like. So over here we have multiple like. So over here we have multiple neurons in present in different layers. neurons in present in different layers. neurons in present in different layers. The first layer is always your input The first layer is always your input The first layer is always your input layer. This is where you actually feed layer. This is where you actually feed layer. This is where you actually feed in all of your inputs. Then we have the in all of your inputs. Then we have the in all of your inputs. Then we have the first hidden layer. Then we have second first hidden layer. Then we have second first hidden layer. Then we have second hidden layer and then we have the output hidden layer and then we have the output hidden layer and then we have the output layer. Although the number of hidden layer. Although the number of hidden layer. Although the number of hidden layers depend on your application on layers depend on your application on layers depend on your application on what are you working what is your what are you working what is your what are you working what is your problem. So that actually determines how problem. So that actually determines how problem. So that actually determines how many hidden layers you'll have. So let many hidden layers you'll have. So let many hidden layers you'll have. So let me explain you what is actually me explain you what is actually me explain you what is actually happening here. So you provide in some happening here. So you provide in some happening here. So you provide in some input to the first layer which is input to the first layer which is input to the first layer which is nothing but your input layer. You nothing but your input layer. You nothing but your input layer. You provide inputs to these neurons. All provide inputs to these neurons. All provide inputs to these neurons. All right? And after some function the right? And after some function the right? And after some function the output of these neurons will become the output of these neurons will become the output of these neurons will become the input to the next layer which is nothing input to the next layer which is nothing input to the next layer which is nothing but your hidden layer one. Then these but your hidden layer one. Then these but your hidden layer one. Then these hidden layers also have various neurons. hidden layers also have various neurons. hidden layers also have various neurons. These neurons will have different These neurons will have different These neurons will have different activation functions. So they'll perform activation functions. So they'll perform activation functions. So they'll perform their own function on the inputs that it their own function on the inputs that it their own function on the inputs that it receives from the previous layer and receives from the previous layer and receives from the previous layer and then the output of this layer will be then the output of this layer will be then the output of this layer will be the input to the next hidden layer which the input to the next hidden layer which the input to the next hidden layer which is hidden layer 2. Similarly, the output is hidden layer 2. Similarly, the output is hidden layer 2. Similarly, the output of this hidden layer will be the input of this hidden layer will be the input of this hidden layer will be the input to the output layer and finally we get to the output layer and finally we get to the output layer and finally we get the output. So this is how basically an the output. So this is how basically an the output. So this is how basically an artificial neural network looks like. artificial neural network looks like. artificial neural network looks like. Now let me explain you this with an Now let me explain you this with an Now let me explain you this with an example. So over here I'll take an example. So over here I'll take an example. So over here I'll take an example of image recognition using example of image recognition using example of image recognition using neural networks. So over here what neural networks. So over here what neural networks. So over here what happens? We feed in a lot of images to happens? We feed in a lot of images to happens? We feed in a lot of images to our input layer. Now this input layer our input layer. Now this input layer our input layer. Now this input layer will actually detect the patterns of will actually detect the patterns of will actually detect the patterns of local contrast and then we'll feed that local contrast and then we'll feed that local contrast and then we'll feed that to the next layer which is hidden layer to the next layer which is hidden layer to the next layer which is hidden layer 1. So in this hidden layer one the face 1. So in this hidden layer one the face 1. So in this hidden layer one the face features will be recognized we'll features will be recognized we'll features will be recognized we'll recognize eyes nose ears things like recognize eyes nose ears things like recognize eyes nose ears things like that and then that will be again fed as that and then that will be again fed as that and then that will be again fed as input to the next hidden layer and in input to the next hidden layer and in input to the next hidden layer and in this hidden layer we'll assemble those this hidden layer we'll assemble those this hidden layer we'll assemble those features and we'll try to make a face features and we'll try to make a face features and we'll try to make a face and then we'll get the output that is and then we'll get the output that is and then we'll get the output that is the face will be recognized properly. So the face will be recognized properly. So the face will be recognized properly. So if you notice here with every layer we if you notice here with every layer we if you notice here with every layer we are trying to get a more abstract are trying to get a more abstract are trying to get a more abstract version or the generalized version of version or the generalized version of version or the generalized version of the input. So this is how basically an the input. So this is how basically an the input. So this is how basically an artificial neural network how it works. artificial neural network how it works. artificial neural network how it works. All right. And there's a lot of training All right. And there's a lot of training All right. And there's a lot of training and learning which is involved that I'll and learning which is involved that I'll and learning which is involved that I'll show you now training a neural network. show you now training a neural network. show you now training a neural network. So how we actually train our neural So how we actually train our neural So how we actually train our neural network. So basically the most common network. So basically the most common network. So basically the most common algorithm for training a network is algorithm for training a network is algorithm for training a network is called back propagation. So what happens called back propagation. So what happens called back propagation. So what happens in back propagation after the weighted in back propagation after the weighted in back propagation after the weighted sum of inputs and passing through an sum of inputs and passing through an sum of inputs and passing through an activation function and getting the activation function and getting the activation function and getting the output. We compare that output to the output. We compare that output to the output. We compare that output to the actual output that we already know. We actual output that we already know. We actual output that we already know. We figure out how much is the difference. figure out how much is the difference. figure out how much is the difference. We calculate the error and based on that We calculate the error and based on that We calculate the error and based on that error what we do we propagate backwards error what we do we propagate backwards error what we do we propagate backwards and we'll see what happens when we and we'll see what happens when we and we'll see what happens when we change the weight will the error change the weight will the error change the weight will the error decrease or will it increase and if it decrease or will it increase and if it decrease or will it increase and if it increases when it increases by increases when it increases by increases when it increases by increasing the value of the variables or increasing the value of the variables or increasing the value of the variables or by decreasing the value of variables. So by decreasing the value of variables. So by decreasing the value of variables. So we kind of calculate all those things we kind of calculate all those things we kind of calculate all those things and we update our variables in such a and we update our variables in such a and we update our variables in such a way that our error becomes minimum and way that our error becomes minimum and way that our error becomes minimum and it takes a lot of iterations. Trust me it takes a lot of iterations. Trust me it takes a lot of iterations. Trust me guys it takes a lot of iterations. We guys it takes a lot of iterations. We guys it takes a lot of iterations. We get output a lot of times and then we get output a lot of times and then we get output a lot of times and then we compare it with the model with the compare it with the model with the compare it with the model with the actual output. Then again we propagate actual output. Then again we propagate actual output. Then again we propagate backwards. We change the variables. Then backwards. We change the variables. Then backwards. We change the variables. Then again we calculate the output. We again we calculate the output. We again we calculate the output. We compare it again with the desired output compare it again with the desired output compare it again with the desired output of the actual output. Then again we of the actual output. Then again we of the actual output. Then again we propagate backwards. So this process propagate backwards. So this process propagate backwards. So this process keeps on repeating until we get the keeps on repeating until we get the keeps on repeating until we get the minimum value. All right. So there's an minimum value. All right. So there's an minimum value. All right. So there's an example that is there in front of your example that is there in front of your example that is there in front of your screen. Don't be scared of the terms screen. Don't be scared of the terms screen. Don't be scared of the terms that I used. I'll actually explain you that I used. I'll actually explain you that I used. I'll actually explain you with an example. So this is the example with an example. So this is the example with an example. So this is the example over here. We have 0 1 and two as over here. We have 0 1 and two as over here. We have 0 1 and two as inputs. And our desired output or the inputs. And our desired output or the inputs. And our desired output or the output that we already know is 0 1 and output that we already know is 0 1 and output that we already know is 0 1 and four. All right. So over here we can four. All right. So over here we can four. All right. So over here we can actually figure out that desired output actually figure out that desired output actually figure out that desired output is nothing but twice of your input. But is nothing but twice of your input. But is nothing but twice of your input. But I'm training a computer to do that. I'm training a computer to do that. I'm training a computer to do that. Right? The computer is not a human. So Right? The computer is not a human. So Right? The computer is not a human. So what happens? I actually initialize my what happens? I actually initialize my what happens? I actually initialize my weight. I keep the value as three. So weight. I keep the value as three. So weight. I keep the value as three. So the model output will be 3 into 0 is 0. the model output will be 3 into 0 is 0. the model output will be 3 into 0 is 0. 3 into 1 is 3. 3 into 2 is 6. Now 3 into 1 is 3. 3 into 2 is 6. Now 3 into 1 is 3. 3 into 2 is 6. Now obviously it is not equal to your obviously it is not equal to your obviously it is not equal to your desired output. So we check the error. desired output. So we check the error. desired output. So we check the error. Now the error that we have got here is 0 Now the error that we have got here is 0 Now the error that we have got here is 0 1 and 2 which is nothing but your 1 and 2 which is nothing but your 1 and 2 which is nothing but your difference. So 0 - 0 is 0 3 - 2 is 1 6 - difference. So 0 - 0 is 0 3 - 2 is 1 6 - difference. So 0 - 0 is 0 3 - 2 is 1 6 - 4 is 2. Now this is called an absolute 4 is 2. Now this is called an absolute 4 is 2. Now this is called an absolute error. After squaring this error we get error. After squaring this error we get error. After squaring this error we get square error which is nothing but 0 1 square error which is nothing but 0 1 square error which is nothing but 0 1 and 4. All right. So now what we need to and 4. All right. So now what we need to and 4. All right. So now what we need to do we need to update the variables. We do we need to update the variables. We do we need to update the variables. We have seen that the output that we got is have seen that the output that we got is have seen that the output that we got is actually different from the desired actually different from the desired actually different from the desired output. So we need to update the value output. So we need to update the value output. So we need to update the value of the weight. So instead of three our of the weight. So instead of three our of the weight. So instead of three our computer makes it as four. After making computer makes it as four. After making computer makes it as four. After making the value as four, we get the model the value as four, we get the model the value as four, we get the model output as 0 4 and 8. And then we saw output as 0 4 and 8. And then we saw output as 0 4 and 8. And then we saw that the error has actually increased. that the error has actually increased. that the error has actually increased. Instead of decreasing, the error has Instead of decreasing, the error has Instead of decreasing, the error has increased. So after updating the increased. So after updating the increased. So after updating the variable, the error has increased. So variable, the error has increased. So variable, the error has increased. So you can see that square error is now 0 4 you can see that square error is now 0 4 you can see that square error is now 0 4 and 16. And earlier it was 0 1 and 4. and 16. And earlier it was 0 1 and 4. and 16. And earlier it was 0 1 and 4. That means we cannot increase the weight That means we cannot increase the weight That means we cannot increase the weight value right now. But if we decrease that value right now. But if we decrease that value right now. But if we decrease that make it as two, we get the output which make it as two, we get the output which make it as two, we get the output which is actually equal to desired out. But is is actually equal to desired out. But is is actually equal to desired out. But is it always the case that we need to only it always the case that we need to only it always the case that we need to only decrease the weight? Definitely not. So decrease the weight? Definitely not. So decrease the weight? Definitely not. So in this particular scenario, whenever in this particular scenario, whenever in this particular scenario, whenever I'm increasing the weight, error is I'm increasing the weight, error is I'm increasing the weight, error is increasing and when I'm decreasing the increasing and when I'm decreasing the increasing and when I'm decreasing the weight, error is decreasing. But as I've weight, error is decreasing. But as I've weight, error is decreasing. But as I've told you earlier as well, this is not told you earlier as well, this is not told you earlier as well, this is not the case every time. Sometimes you need the case every time. Sometimes you need the case every time. Sometimes you need to increase the weight as well. So how to increase the weight as well. So how to increase the weight as well. So how we determine that? All right, fine guys. we determine that? All right, fine guys. we determine that? All right, fine guys. This is how basically a computer decide This is how basically a computer decide This is how basically a computer decide whether it has to increase the weight or whether it has to increase the weight or whether it has to increase the weight or decrease the weight. So what happens decrease the weight. So what happens decrease the weight. So what happens here? This is a graph of square error here? This is a graph of square error here? This is a graph of square error versus weight. So over here what versus weight. So over here what versus weight. So over here what happens? Suppose your square error is happens? Suppose your square error is happens? Suppose your square error is somewhere here and your computer it somewhere here and your computer it somewhere here and your computer it starts increasing the weight in order to starts increasing the weight in order to starts increasing the weight in order to reduce the square error and it notices reduce the square error and it notices reduce the square error and it notices that whenever it increases the weight that whenever it increases the weight that whenever it increases the weight square error is actually decreasing. So square error is actually decreasing. So square error is actually decreasing. So it'll keep on increasing until the it'll keep on increasing until the it'll keep on increasing until the square error reaches a minimum value and square error reaches a minimum value and square error reaches a minimum value and after that when it tries to still after that when it tries to still after that when it tries to still increase the weight the square error increase the weight the square error increase the weight the square error will increase. So at that time our will increase. So at that time our will increase. So at that time our network will recognize that whenever it network will recognize that whenever it network will recognize that whenever it is increasing the weight after this is increasing the weight after this is increasing the weight after this point error is increasing. So therefore point error is increasing. So therefore point error is increasing. So therefore it will stop right there and that will it will stop right there and that will it will stop right there and that will be our weight value. Similarly there can be our weight value. Similarly there can be our weight value. Similarly there can be one more scenario. Suppose if we be one more scenario. Suppose if we be one more scenario. Suppose if we increase the weight but then also the increase the weight but then also the increase the weight but then also the square error is increasing. So at that square error is increasing. So at that square error is increasing. So at that time we cannot increase the weight. At time we cannot increase the weight. At time we cannot increase the weight. At that time computer will realize okay that time computer will realize okay that time computer will realize okay fine whenever I'm increasing the weight fine whenever I'm increasing the weight fine whenever I'm increasing the weight the square error is increasing. So it'll the square error is increasing. So it'll the square error is increasing. So it'll go in the opposite direction. So it'll go in the opposite direction. So it'll go in the opposite direction. So it'll start decreasing the weight and it'll start decreasing the weight and it'll start decreasing the weight and it'll keep on doing that until the square keep on doing that until the square keep on doing that until the square error becomes minimum. And the moment it error becomes minimum. And the moment it error becomes minimum. And the moment it decreases more the square error again decreases more the square error again decreases more the square error again increases. So our network will load that increases. So our network will load that increases. So our network will load that whenever it decreases the weight value whenever it decreases the weight value whenever it decreases the weight value the square error is increasing. So that the square error is increasing. So that the square error is increasing. So that point will be our final weight value. So point will be our final weight value. So point will be our final weight value. So guys this is what basically back guys this is what basically back guys this is what basically back propagation in a nutshell is. If you propagation in a nutshell is. If you propagation in a nutshell is. If you have any questions or doubts you can go have any questions or doubts you can go have any questions or doubts you can go ahead and ask me. All right fine we have ahead and ask me. All right fine we have ahead and ask me. All right fine we have no doubts here. Fine. So we'll move no doubts here. Fine. So we'll move no doubts here. Fine. So we'll move forward and now is the correct time to forward and now is the correct time to forward and now is the correct time to understand how to implement the use case understand how to implement the use case understand how to implement the use case that I was talking about at the that I was talking about at the that I was talking about at the beginning. That is how to determine beginning. That is how to determine beginning. That is how to determine whether a node is fake or real. So for whether a node is fake or real. So for whether a node is fake or real. So for that I'll open my PyCharm. This is my that I'll open my PyCharm. This is my that I'll open my PyCharm. This is my PyCharm again guys. Uh let me just close PyCharm again guys. Uh let me just close PyCharm again guys. Uh let me just close this. All right. So this is the code this. All right. So this is the code this. All right. So this is the code that I've written in order to implement that I've written in order to implement that I've written in order to implement the use case. So over here what we do we the use case. So over here what we do we the use case. So over here what we do we import the first important libraries import the first important libraries import the first important libraries which are required. Mattplot lab is used which are required. Mattplot lab is used which are required. Mattplot lab is used for visualization. TensorFlow we know in for visualization. TensorFlow we know in for visualization. TensorFlow we know in order to implement the neural networks. order to implement the neural networks. order to implement the neural networks. Numpy for arrays. Pandas for reading the Numpy for arrays. Pandas for reading the Numpy for arrays. Pandas for reading the data set. Similarly sklearn for label data set. Similarly sklearn for label data set. Similarly sklearn for label encoding as well as for shuffing and encoding as well as for shuffing and encoding as well as for shuffing and also to split the data set into training also to split the data set into training also to split the data set into training and testing task. All right fine guys. and testing task. All right fine guys. and testing task. All right fine guys. So we'll begin by first reading the data So we'll begin by first reading the data So we'll begin by first reading the data set as I've told you earlier as well set as I've told you earlier as well set as I've told you earlier as well when I was explaining the steps. So what when I was explaining the steps. So what when I was explaining the steps. So what I'll do I'll use pandas in order to read I'll do I'll use pandas in order to read I'll do I'll use pandas in order to read the CSV file which has the data set. the CSV file which has the data set. the CSV file which has the data set. After that I'll define features and After that I'll define features and After that I'll define features and labels. So x will be my feature and y labels. So x will be my feature and y labels. So x will be my feature and y will contain my label. So basically x will contain my label. So basically x will contain my label. So basically x includes all the columns apart from the includes all the columns apart from the includes all the columns apart from the last column which is the fifth one. And last column which is the fifth one. And last column which is the fifth one. And because the indexing starts from zero because the indexing starts from zero because the indexing starts from zero that's why we have written 0 till that's why we have written 0 till that's why we have written 0 till fourth. So it won't include the fourth fourth. So it won't include the fourth fourth. So it won't include the fourth column. All right. And so our last column. All right. And so our last column. All right. And so our last column will actually be our label. Then column will actually be our label. Then column will actually be our label. Then what we need to do, we need to encode what we need to do, we need to encode what we need to do, we need to encode the dependent variable. So the dependent the dependent variable. So the dependent the dependent variable. So the dependent variable as I've told you earlier as variable as I've told you earlier as variable as I've told you earlier as well is nothing but your label. So I've well is nothing but your label. So I've well is nothing but your label. So I've discussed encoding in TensorFlow discussed encoding in TensorFlow discussed encoding in TensorFlow tutorial. You can go through it and you tutorial. You can go through it and you tutorial. You can go through it and you can actually get to know why and how we can actually get to know why and how we can actually get to know why and how we do that. Then what we have done, we have do that. Then what we have done, we have do that. Then what we have done, we have read the data set. Then what we need to read the data set. Then what we need to read the data set. Then what we need to do is to split our data set into do is to split our data set into do is to split our data set into training and testing. And these are all training and testing. And these are all training and testing. And these are all optional steps. You can print the shape optional steps. You can print the shape optional steps. You can print the shape of your training and test data. If you of your training and test data. If you of your training and test data. If you don't want to do it, you're still fine. don't want to do it, you're still fine. don't want to do it, you're still fine. Then we have defined learning rate. So Then we have defined learning rate. So Then we have defined learning rate. So learning rate is actually the steps in learning rate is actually the steps in learning rate is actually the steps in which the weights will be updated. All which the weights will be updated. All which the weights will be updated. All right. So that is what basically right. So that is what basically right. So that is what basically learning rate is. Then when we talk learning rate is. Then when we talk learning rate is. Then when we talk about epoch means iterations. Then we about epoch means iterations. Then we about epoch means iterations. Then we have defined cause history that will be have defined cause history that will be have defined cause history that will be an empty numpy array and it shape will an empty numpy array and it shape will an empty numpy array and it shape will be one and it'll include the flow type be one and it'll include the flow type be one and it'll include the flow type objects. Then we have defined end which objects. Then we have defined end which objects. Then we have defined end which is nothing but your x shape of axis one is nothing but your x shape of axis one is nothing but your x shape of axis one which means your column. Then we'll which means your column. Then we'll which means your column. Then we'll print that. After that we have defined print that. After that we have defined print that. After that we have defined the number of classes. So there can be the number of classes. So there can be the number of classes. So there can be only two class whether the node can be only two class whether the node can be only two class whether the node can be fake or it can be real. And this model fake or it can be real. And this model fake or it can be real. And this model path I've given in order to save my path I've given in order to save my path I've given in order to save my model. So I've just given a path where I model. So I've just given a path where I model. So I've just given a path where I need to save it. So I'll just save it need to save it. So I'll just save it need to save it. So I'll just save it here only in the current working here only in the current working here only in the current working directory. Now is the time to actually directory. Now is the time to actually directory. Now is the time to actually define our neural network. So we'll define our neural network. So we'll define our neural network. So we'll first make sure that we have defined the first make sure that we have defined the first make sure that we have defined the important parameters like hidden layers, important parameters like hidden layers, important parameters like hidden layers, number of neurons in hidden layers. So number of neurons in hidden layers. So number of neurons in hidden layers. So I'll take 10 neurons in every hidden I'll take 10 neurons in every hidden I'll take 10 neurons in every hidden layer and I'm taking four layers like layer and I'm taking four layers like layer and I'm taking four layers like that. Then x will be my placeholder and that. Then x will be my placeholder and that. Then x will be my placeholder and the shape of this particular placeholder the shape of this particular placeholder the shape of this particular placeholder is none, n dim. N dim value I'll get it is none, n dim. N dim value I'll get it is none, n dim. N dim value I'll get it from here and none can be any value. from here and none can be any value. from here and none can be any value. I'll define one variable W and I'll I'll define one variable W and I'll I'll define one variable W and I'll initialize it with zeros and this will initialize it with zeros and this will initialize it with zeros and this will be the shape of my weight. Similarly for be the shape of my weight. Similarly for be the shape of my weight. Similarly for bias as well this will be the particular bias as well this will be the particular bias as well this will be the particular shape and there will be one more shape and there will be one more shape and there will be one more placeholder ydash which will actually be placeholder ydash which will actually be placeholder ydash which will actually be used in order to provide us with the used in order to provide us with the used in order to provide us with the actual output of the model. They'll be actual output of the model. They'll be actual output of the model. They'll be our model output and they'll be our our model output and they'll be our our model output and they'll be our actual output which we use in order to actual output which we use in order to actual output which we use in order to calculate the difference. Right? So calculate the difference. Right? So calculate the difference. Right? So we'll feed in the actual values of the we'll feed in the actual values of the we'll feed in the actual values of the labels in this particular placeholder labels in this particular placeholder labels in this particular placeholder ydash. And now we'll define the model. ydash. And now we'll define the model. ydash. And now we'll define the model. So over here we have named the function So over here we have named the function So over here we have named the function as multi-layer perceptron. And in it as multi-layer perceptron. And in it as multi-layer perceptron. And in it we'll first define the first layer. So we'll first define the first layer. So we'll first define the first layer. So the first hidden layer and we are going the first hidden layer and we are going the first hidden layer and we are going to name it as layer_1 which will be to name it as layer_1 which will be to name it as layer_1 which will be nothing but the matrix multiplication of nothing but the matrix multiplication of nothing but the matrix multiplication of x and weights of h1 that is the hidden x and weights of h1 that is the hidden x and weights of h1 that is the hidden layer 1 and that'll be added to your layer 1 and that'll be added to your layer 1 and that'll be added to your biases b1 after that we'll pass it biases b1 after that we'll pass it biases b1 after that we'll pass it through a sigmoid activation function. through a sigmoid activation function. through a sigmoid activation function. Similarly in layer 2 as well matrix Similarly in layer 2 as well matrix Similarly in layer 2 as well matrix multiplication of layer 1 and weights of multiplication of layer 1 and weights of multiplication of layer 1 and weights of h2. So if you can notice layer 1 was the h2. So if you can notice layer 1 was the h2. So if you can notice layer 1 was the network layer just before the layer two network layer just before the layer two network layer just before the layer two right. So the output of this layer 1 right. So the output of this layer 1 right. So the output of this layer 1 will become input to the layer 2 and will become input to the layer 2 and will become input to the layer 2 and that's why we have written layer_1 it'll that's why we have written layer_1 it'll that's why we have written layer_1 it'll be multiplied by weight h2 and then be multiplied by weight h2 and then be multiplied by weight h2 and then we'll add it with the bias. Similarly we'll add it with the bias. Similarly we'll add it with the bias. Similarly for this particular head layer as well for this particular head layer as well for this particular head layer as well and this particular layer as well but and this particular layer as well but and this particular layer as well but over here we are going to use rail over here we are going to use rail over here we are going to use rail activation function instead of sigmoid. activation function instead of sigmoid. activation function instead of sigmoid. Then we are going to define the weights Then we are going to define the weights Then we are going to define the weights and biases. So this is how we basically and biases. So this is how we basically and biases. So this is how we basically define weights. This is how we basically define weights. This is how we basically define weights. This is how we basically define weights. So weights h1 will be a define weights. So weights h1 will be a define weights. So weights h1 will be a variable which will be a truncated variable which will be a truncated variable which will be a truncated normal with the shape of n dim and n normal with the shape of n dim and n normal with the shape of n dim and n hidden_1. So these are nothing but your hidden_1. So these are nothing but your hidden_1. So these are nothing but your shapes. All right. And after that what shapes. All right. And after that what shapes. All right. And after that what we have done we have defined biases as we have done we have defined biases as we have done we have defined biases as well. Then we need to initialize all the well. Then we need to initialize all the well. Then we need to initialize all the variables. So all these things actually variables. So all these things actually variables. So all these things actually I've discussed in brief when I was I've discussed in brief when I was I've discussed in brief when I was talking about tensorflow. So you can go talking about tensorflow. So you can go talking about tensorflow. So you can go through tensorflow tutorial at any point through tensorflow tutorial at any point through tensorflow tutorial at any point of time if you have any question. We of time if you have any question. We of time if you have any question. We have discussed everything there. Since have discussed everything there. Since have discussed everything there. Since in tensorflow we need to initialize the in tensorflow we need to initialize the in tensorflow we need to initialize the variables before we use it. So that's variables before we use it. So that's variables before we use it. So that's how we do it. We first initialize it and how we do it. We first initialize it and how we do it. We first initialize it and then we need to run it. That's when your then we need to run it. That's when your then we need to run it. That's when your variables will be initialized. After variables will be initialized. After variables will be initialized. After that we are going to create a saver that we are going to create a saver that we are going to create a saver object and then finally I'm going to object and then finally I'm going to object and then finally I'm going to call my model. And then comes the part call my model. And then comes the part call my model. And then comes the part where the training happens. Cost where the training happens. Cost where the training happens. Cost function. Cost function is nothing but function. Cost function is nothing but function. Cost function is nothing but you can say an error that will be you can say an error that will be you can say an error that will be calculated between the actual output and calculated between the actual output and calculated between the actual output and the model output. All right. So y is the model output. All right. So y is the model output. All right. So y is nothing but our model output and ydash nothing but our model output and ydash nothing but our model output and ydash is nothing but actual output or the is nothing but actual output or the is nothing but actual output or the output that we already know. All right. output that we already know. All right. output that we already know. All right. And then we are going to use a gradient And then we are going to use a gradient And then we are going to use a gradient descent optimizer to reduce error. Then descent optimizer to reduce error. Then descent optimizer to reduce error. Then we are going to create a session object we are going to create a session object we are going to create a session object as well. And finally what we are going as well. And finally what we are going as well. And finally what we are going to do we are going to run the session. to do we are going to run the session. to do we are going to run the session. So this is how we basically do that. For So this is how we basically do that. For So this is how we basically do that. For every epoch we will be calculating the every epoch we will be calculating the every epoch we will be calculating the change in the error as well as the change in the error as well as the change in the error as well as the accuracy that comes after every epoch on accuracy that comes after every epoch on accuracy that comes after every epoch on the training data. After we have the training data. After we have the training data. After we have calculated the accuracy on the training calculated the accuracy on the training calculated the accuracy on the training data, we going to plot it for every data, we going to plot it for every data, we going to plot it for every epoch how the accuracy is. And after epoch how the accuracy is. And after epoch how the accuracy is. And after plotting that we're going to print the plotting that we're going to print the plotting that we're going to print the final accuracy which will be on our test final accuracy which will be on our test final accuracy which will be on our test data. So using the same model we'll make data. So using the same model we'll make data. So using the same model we'll make prediction on the test data. And after prediction on the test data. And after prediction on the test data. And after that we going to print the final that we going to print the final that we going to print the final accuracy and the mean squared error. So accuracy and the mean squared error. So accuracy and the mean squared error. So let's go ahead and execute this guys. let's go ahead and execute this guys. let's go ahead and execute this guys. All right. So training is done and this All right. So training is done and this All right. So training is done and this is the graph we have got for accuracy is the graph we have got for accuracy is the graph we have got for accuracy versus epoch. This is accuracy. Yaxis versus epoch. This is accuracy. Yaxis versus epoch. This is accuracy. Yaxis represents accuracy whereas this is represents accuracy whereas this is represents accuracy whereas this is epoch. We have taken 100 epochs and our epoch. We have taken 100 epochs and our epoch. We have taken 100 epochs and our accuracy has reached somewhere around accuracy has reached somewhere around accuracy has reached somewhere around 99%. So with every epoch it is actually 99%. So with every epoch it is actually 99%. So with every epoch it is actually increasing apart from a couple of increasing apart from a couple of increasing apart from a couple of instances it is actually keep on instances it is actually keep on instances it is actually keep on increasing. So the more data you train increasing. So the more data you train increasing. So the more data you train your model on it'll be more accurate. your model on it'll be more accurate. your model on it'll be more accurate. Let me just close it. So now the model Let me just close it. So now the model Let me just close it. So now the model has also been saved where I wanted it to has also been saved where I wanted it to has also been saved where I wanted it to be. This is my final test accuracy and be. This is my final test accuracy and be. This is my final test accuracy and this is the mean squared error. All this is the mean squared error. All this is the mean squared error. All right. So these are the files that will right. So these are the files that will right. So these are the files that will appear once you save your model. These appear once you save your model. These appear once you save your model. These are the four files that I've are the four files that I've are the four files that I've highlighted. Now what we need to do is highlighted. Now what we need to do is highlighted. Now what we need to do is restore this particular model and I've restore this particular model and I've restore this particular model and I've explained this in detail how to restore explained this in detail how to restore explained this in detail how to restore a model that you have already saved. So a model that you have already saved. So a model that you have already saved. So over here what I'll do I'll take some over here what I'll do I'll take some over here what I'll do I'll take some random range. I've taken it actually random range. I've taken it actually random range. I've taken it actually from 754 to 768. So all the values in from 754 to 768. So all the values in from 754 to 768. So all the values in the row of 754 and 768 will be fed to the row of 754 and 768 will be fed to the row of 754 and 768 will be fed to our model and our model will make our model and our model will make our model and our model will make prediction on that. So let us go ahead prediction on that. So let us go ahead prediction on that. So let us go ahead and run this. and run this. and run this. So when I'm restoring my model, it seems So when I'm restoring my model, it seems So when I'm restoring my model, it seems that my model is 100% accurate for the that my model is 100% accurate for the that my model is 100% accurate for the values that I have fed in. So whatever values that I have fed in. So whatever values that I have fed in. So whatever values that I have actually given as values that I have actually given as values that I have actually given as input to my model, it has correctly input to my model, it has correctly input to my model, it has correctly identified its class whether it's a fake identified its class whether it's a fake identified its class whether it's a fake node or a real node because zero stands node or a real node because zero stands node or a real node because zero stands for fake node and one stands for real for fake node and one stands for real for fake node and one stands for real node. Okay. So original class is nothing node. Okay. So original class is nothing node. Okay. So original class is nothing but which is there in my data set. So it but which is there in my data set. So it but which is there in my data set. So it is zero already and what prediction my is zero already and what prediction my is zero already and what prediction my model has made is zero. That means it is model has made is zero. That means it is model has made is zero. That means it is fake. So accuracy becomes 100%. fake. So accuracy becomes 100%. fake. So accuracy becomes 100%. Similarly for other values as well. Similarly for other values as well. Similarly for other values as well. Fine guys. So this is how we basically Fine guys. So this is how we basically Fine guys. So this is how we basically implement the use case that we saw in implement the use case that we saw in implement the use case that we saw in the beginning. So in the slide you can the beginning. So in the slide you can the beginning. So in the slide you can notice that I've listed out only two notice that I've listed out only two notice that I've listed out only two applications although there are many applications although there are many applications although there are many more. So neural networks in medicine. more. So neural networks in medicine. more. So neural networks in medicine. Artificial neural networks are currently Artificial neural networks are currently Artificial neural networks are currently a very hot research area in medicine and a very hot research area in medicine and a very hot research area in medicine and it is believed that they will receive it is believed that they will receive it is believed that they will receive extensive application to biomedical extensive application to biomedical extensive application to biomedical systems in the next few years and systems in the next few years and systems in the next few years and currently the research is mostly on currently the research is mostly on currently the research is mostly on modeling parts of human body and modeling parts of human body and modeling parts of human body and recognizing diseases from various scans. recognizing diseases from various scans. recognizing diseases from various scans. For example, it can be cardiograms, CAT For example, it can be cardiograms, CAT For example, it can be cardiograms, CAT scans, ultrasonic scans etc. And scans, ultrasonic scans etc. And scans, ultrasonic scans etc. And currently the research is going mostly currently the research is going mostly currently the research is going mostly on two major areas. First is modeling on two major areas. First is modeling on two major areas. First is modeling and diagnosing the cardiovascular and diagnosing the cardiovascular and diagnosing the cardiovascular system. So neural networks are used system. So neural networks are used system. So neural networks are used experimentally to model the human experimentally to model the human experimentally to model the human cardiovascular system. Diagnosis can be cardiovascular system. Diagnosis can be cardiovascular system. Diagnosis can be achieved by building a model of the achieved by building a model of the achieved by building a model of the cardiovascular system of an individual cardiovascular system of an individual cardiovascular system of an individual and comparing it with the real-time and comparing it with the real-time and comparing it with the real-time physiological measurements taken from physiological measurements taken from physiological measurements taken from the patient. And trust me guys, if this the patient. And trust me guys, if this the patient. And trust me guys, if this routine is carried out regularly, routine is carried out regularly, routine is carried out regularly, potential harmful medical conditions can potential harmful medical conditions can potential harmful medical conditions can be detected at an early stage and thus be detected at an early stage and thus be detected at an early stage and thus make the process of combating disease make the process of combating disease make the process of combating disease much easier. Apart from that it is much easier. Apart from that it is much easier. Apart from that it is currently being used in electronic noses currently being used in electronic noses currently being used in electronic noses as well. Electronic noses have several as well. Electronic noses have several as well. Electronic noses have several potential applications in tele medicine. potential applications in tele medicine. potential applications in tele medicine. Now let me just give you an introduction Now let me just give you an introduction Now let me just give you an introduction to tele medicine. Tele medicine is a to tele medicine. Tele medicine is a to tele medicine. Tele medicine is a practice of medicine over long distance practice of medicine over long distance practice of medicine over long distance via a communication link. So what the via a communication link. So what the via a communication link. So what the electronic noses will do? They would electronic noses will do? They would electronic noses will do? They would identify odors in the remote surgical identify odors in the remote surgical identify odors in the remote surgical environment. These identified odors environment. These identified odors environment. These identified odors would then be electronically transmitted would then be electronically transmitted would then be electronically transmitted to another site where an door generation to another site where an door generation to another site where an door generation system would recreate them. Because the system would recreate them. Because the system would recreate them. Because the sense of the smell can be an important sense of the smell can be an important sense of the smell can be an important sense to the surgeon. Teley smell would sense to the surgeon. Teley smell would sense to the surgeon. Teley smell would enhance teleresent surgery. So these are enhance teleresent surgery. So these are enhance teleresent surgery. So these are the two ways in which you can use it in the two ways in which you can use it in the two ways in which you can use it in medicine. You can use it in business as medicine. You can use it in business as medicine. You can use it in business as well guys. So business is basically a well guys. So business is basically a well guys. So business is basically a diverted field with several general diverted field with several general diverted field with several general areas of specialization such as areas of specialization such as areas of specialization such as accounting or financial analysis. Almost accounting or financial analysis. Almost accounting or financial analysis. Almost any neural network application would fit any neural network application would fit any neural network application would fit into one business area or financial into one business area or financial into one business area or financial analysis. Now there is some potential analysis. Now there is some potential analysis. Now there is some potential for using neural networks for business for using neural networks for business for using neural networks for business purposes including resource allocation purposes including resource allocation purposes including resource allocation and scheduling. I've listed down two and scheduling. I've listed down two and scheduling. I've listed down two major areas where it can be used. One is major areas where it can be used. One is major areas where it can be used. One is marketing. So there is a marketing marketing. So there is a marketing marketing. So there is a marketing application which has been integrated application which has been integrated application which has been integrated with a neural network system. The with a neural network system. The with a neural network system. The airline marketing tactician is a airline marketing tactician is a airline marketing tactician is a computer system made of various computer system made of various computer system made of various intelligent technologies including intelligent technologies including intelligent technologies including expert systems. A feed forward neural expert systems. A feed forward neural expert systems. A feed forward neural network is integrated with the AMT which network is integrated with the AMT which network is integrated with the AMT which is nothing but airline marketing is nothing but airline marketing is nothing but airline marketing tactician and was trained using back tactician and was trained using back tactician and was trained using back propagation to assist the marketing propagation to assist the marketing propagation to assist the marketing control of airline seat or control of airline seat or control of airline seat or locationation. So it has wide locationation. So it has wide locationation. So it has wide applications in marketing as well. Now applications in marketing as well. Now applications in marketing as well. Now the second area is credit evaluation. the second area is credit evaluation. the second area is credit evaluation. Now I'll give you an example here. The Now I'll give you an example here. The Now I'll give you an example here. The HNC company has developed several neural HNC company has developed several neural HNC company has developed several neural network applications and one of them is network applications and one of them is network applications and one of them is a credit scoring system which increases a credit scoring system which increases a credit scoring system which increases the profitability of existing model up the profitability of existing model up the profitability of existing model up to 27%. So these are few applications to 27%. So these are few applications to 27%. So these are few applications that I'm telling you guys neural network that I'm telling you guys neural network that I'm telling you guys neural network is actually the future. People are is actually the future. People are is actually the future. People are talking about neural networks everywhere talking about neural networks everywhere talking about neural networks everywhere and especially after the introduction of and especially after the introduction of and especially after the introduction of GPUs and the amount of data that we have GPUs and the amount of data that we have GPUs and the amount of data that we have now neural network is actually spreading now neural network is actually spreading now neural network is actually spreading like plague right now. So what is a transformer? Transformers So what is a transformer? Transformers So what is a transformer? Transformers operate on a concept called sequencetose operate on a concept called sequencetose operate on a concept called sequencetose sequence learning. Essentially they take sequence learning. Essentially they take sequence learning. Essentially they take a sequence of tokens as an input and a sequence of tokens as an input and a sequence of tokens as an input and predict the next token in the output. A predict the next token in the output. A predict the next token in the output. A great example of this is language great example of this is language great example of this is language translation. Imagine inputting good translation. Imagine inputting good translation. Imagine inputting good morning in English and the transformer morning in English and the transformer morning in English and the transformer process this and outputs the translation process this and outputs the translation process this and outputs the translation in languages like Japanese, Korean or in languages like Japanese, Korean or in languages like Japanese, Korean or German. The key is how it efficiently German. The key is how it efficiently German. The key is how it efficiently process the relationship between words. process the relationship between words. process the relationship between words. Since we know what a transformer is, Since we know what a transformer is, Since we know what a transformer is, let's dig a bit deep about them. A let's dig a bit deep about them. A let's dig a bit deep about them. A transformer has two primary components transformer has two primary components transformer has two primary components encoder and decoder. Encoder identifies encoder and decoder. Encoder identifies encoder and decoder. Encoder identifies relationship between parts of the input relationship between parts of the input relationship between parts of the input sequence. Whereas the decoder uses these sequence. Whereas the decoder uses these sequence. Whereas the decoder uses these relationships to generate the output relationships to generate the output relationships to generate the output sequence. This division is what allows sequence. This division is what allows sequence. This division is what allows transformers to handle task like text transformers to handle task like text transformers to handle task like text translation or summarizations with translation or summarizations with translation or summarizations with remarkable accuracy. Now that we have remarkable accuracy. Now that we have remarkable accuracy. Now that we have the idea of transformers, let's discuss the idea of transformers, let's discuss the idea of transformers, let's discuss how they evolve. Before transformers, how they evolve. Before transformers, how they evolve. Before transformers, there were other neural networks like there were other neural networks like there were other neural networks like RNN, recurrent neural networks invented RNN, recurrent neural networks invented RNN, recurrent neural networks invented by David Rumlh in 1986. by David Rumlh in 1986. by David Rumlh in 1986. However, RNN's face significant However, RNN's face significant However, RNN's face significant challenges. They would forget early challenges. They would forget early challenges. They would forget early parts of the sequence as they processed parts of the sequence as they processed parts of the sequence as they processed longer ones and couldn't handle longer ones and couldn't handle longer ones and couldn't handle dependencies efficiently. Additionally, dependencies efficiently. Additionally, dependencies efficiently. Additionally, RNN relied on recurrence which made them RNN relied on recurrence which made them RNN relied on recurrence which made them inefficient and incapable of inefficient and incapable of inefficient and incapable of parallelization. parallelization. parallelization. Then came long short-term memory Then came long short-term memory Then came long short-term memory introduced by Howeter and Smith Huber in introduced by Howeter and Smith Huber in introduced by Howeter and Smith Huber in 1997. 1997. 1997. Long shortterm memory improved by Long shortterm memory improved by Long shortterm memory improved by remembering sequences for a longer remembering sequences for a longer remembering sequences for a longer duration and addressing some of the duration and addressing some of the duration and addressing some of the memory issues in RNN. However, they were memory issues in RNN. However, they were memory issues in RNN. However, they were slow to train and difficult to manage at slow to train and difficult to manage at slow to train and difficult to manage at scale. Finally, transformers transformed scale. Finally, transformers transformed scale. Finally, transformers transformed neural networks. First introduced in the neural networks. First introduced in the neural networks. First introduced in the landmark paper, attention is all you landmark paper, attention is all you landmark paper, attention is all you need. Transformers addressed all the need. Transformers addressed all the need. Transformers addressed all the problems faced by RNNs and LSTMs. They problems faced by RNNs and LSTMs. They problems faced by RNNs and LSTMs. They used a completely attention-based used a completely attention-based used a completely attention-based mechanism, eliminating reliance on mechanism, eliminating reliance on mechanism, eliminating reliance on recurrence. This made transformers recurrence. This made transformers recurrence. This made transformers capable of remembering context capable of remembering context capable of remembering context efficiently, training faster, and being efficiently, training faster, and being efficiently, training faster, and being parallelized, enabling multitasking and parallelized, enabling multitasking and parallelized, enabling multitasking and significantly speeding up processes. significantly speeding up processes. significantly speeding up processes. Now, let's discuss on the attention Now, let's discuss on the attention Now, let's discuss on the attention mechanism. Think about the sentence. mechanism. Think about the sentence. mechanism. Think about the sentence. This cat wants to jump on the box. The This cat wants to jump on the box. The This cat wants to jump on the box. The attention mechanism identifies the most attention mechanism identifies the most attention mechanism identifies the most relevant parts of this sentence like relevant parts of this sentence like relevant parts of this sentence like cat, jump and box and focuses on these cat, jump and box and focuses on these cat, jump and box and focuses on these elements while processing the data. Now elements while processing the data. Now elements while processing the data. Now that we know how transformers have that we know how transformers have that we know how transformers have evolved, now let's discuss their evolved, now let's discuss their evolved, now let's discuss their architecture. A transformer consists of architecture. A transformer consists of architecture. A transformer consists of two main components, an encoder and a two main components, an encoder and a two main components, an encoder and a decoder, each typically consisting six decoder, each typically consisting six decoder, each typically consisting six layers. Inside the encoder, there is one layers. Inside the encoder, there is one layers. Inside the encoder, there is one attention layer and one feed forward attention layer and one feed forward attention layer and one feed forward layer. While the decoder contains two layer. While the decoder contains two layer. While the decoder contains two attention layers and one feed forward attention layers and one feed forward attention layers and one feed forward layer. The magic of parallelism comes layer. The magic of parallelism comes layer. The magic of parallelism comes from how data is fed into the network. from how data is fed into the network. from how data is fed into the network. In the attention layer, all the words In the attention layer, all the words In the attention layer, all the words are processed simultaneously with each are processed simultaneously with each are processed simultaneously with each word forming combinations with other in word forming combinations with other in word forming combinations with other in the sentence. This allows the model to the sentence. This allows the model to the sentence. This allows the model to capture relationships and context capture relationships and context capture relationships and context efficiently. After processing in the efficiently. After processing in the efficiently. After processing in the attention layer, the data is sent to the attention layer, the data is sent to the attention layer, the data is sent to the feed forward layer where it is learned feed forward layer where it is learned feed forward layer where it is learned layer by layer. The input to the encoder layer by layer. The input to the encoder layer by layer. The input to the encoder and decoder are the raw input embeddings and decoder are the raw input embeddings and decoder are the raw input embeddings which are numerical representation of which are numerical representation of which are numerical representation of words. On top of these embeddings, words. On top of these embeddings, words. On top of these embeddings, positional encodings are added to help positional encodings are added to help positional encodings are added to help the model understand the position and the model understand the position and the model understand the position and the order of each word in the sequence. the order of each word in the sequence. the order of each word in the sequence. If we simplify embeddings, there are If we simplify embeddings, there are If we simplify embeddings, there are essentially vector representation of essentially vector representation of essentially vector representation of words in an n dimensional space. At the words in an n dimensional space. At the words in an n dimensional space. At the top of the architecture, there are two top of the architecture, there are two top of the architecture, there are two layers of the output probabilities layers of the output probabilities layers of the output probabilities converting the final output into the converting the final output into the converting the final output into the form of human can understand. These form of human can understand. These form of human can understand. These inputs are represented as vectors with inputs are represented as vectors with inputs are represented as vectors with their length corresponding to the size their length corresponding to the size their length corresponding to the size of vocabulary. of vocabulary. of vocabulary. Now what truly makes transformer unique Now what truly makes transformer unique Now what truly makes transformer unique is the inclusion of normalization layers is the inclusion of normalization layers is the inclusion of normalization layers which normalize the output from sub which normalize the output from sub which normalize the output from sub layers. Additionally, skip connections, layers. Additionally, skip connections, layers. Additionally, skip connections, the dark arrows in the architecture, the dark arrows in the architecture, the dark arrows in the architecture, forward critical information that forward critical information that forward critical information that bypasses self attention or fed forward bypasses self attention or fed forward bypasses self attention or fed forward layers directly to the normalization layers directly to the normalization layers directly to the normalization layers. This ensures the model does not layers. This ensures the model does not layers. This ensures the model does not forget important details and effectively forget important details and effectively forget important details and effectively passes vital information further into passes vital information further into passes vital information further into the network. Now moving forward, let's the network. Now moving forward, let's the network. Now moving forward, let's discuss why transformers are important. discuss why transformers are important. discuss why transformers are important. Transformers are vital because they Transformers are vital because they Transformers are vital because they utilize semi-supervised learning. They utilize semi-supervised learning. They utilize semi-supervised learning. They are trained on massive unlabelled data are trained on massive unlabelled data are trained on massive unlabelled data sets enabling them to generalize across sets enabling them to generalize across sets enabling them to generalize across a wide range of task. Unlike older a wide range of task. Unlike older a wide range of task. Unlike older models, transformers don't need to models, transformers don't need to models, transformers don't need to process data sequentially. Their process data sequentially. Their process data sequentially. Their attention mechanism allow them to focus attention mechanism allow them to focus attention mechanism allow them to focus on the most relevant context which on the most relevant context which on the most relevant context which significantly speeds up training. significantly speeds up training. significantly speeds up training. Transformers revolutionize data Transformers revolutionize data Transformers revolutionize data processing by eliminating the need to processing by eliminating the need to processing by eliminating the need to handle data sequentially allowing for handle data sequentially allowing for handle data sequentially allowing for parallel processing and significantly parallel processing and significantly parallel processing and significantly enhancing efficiency. The attention enhancing efficiency. The attention enhancing efficiency. The attention mechanism lies at the core of mechanism lies at the core of mechanism lies at the core of transformers, enabling the model to transformers, enabling the model to transformers, enabling the model to focus on the most relevant parts of the focus on the most relevant parts of the focus on the most relevant parts of the input sequence and improving accuracy input sequence and improving accuracy input sequence and improving accuracy and understanding of context. and understanding of context. and understanding of context. Furthermore, transformers excel at Furthermore, transformers excel at Furthermore, transformers excel at providing context, ensuring that the providing context, ensuring that the providing context, ensuring that the meaning of each word or token is meaning of each word or token is meaning of each word or token is accurately interpreted within its accurately interpreted within its accurately interpreted within its surroundings. Lastly, these models surroundings. Lastly, these models surroundings. Lastly, these models dramatically speeds up the training dramatically speeds up the training dramatically speeds up the training process, making them faster and more process, making them faster and more process, making them faster and more efficient compared to traditional neural efficient compared to traditional neural efficient compared to traditional neural networks, thus redefining AI's networks, thus redefining AI's networks, thus redefining AI's capabilities across diverse capabilities across diverse capabilities across diverse applications. Now that we know why applications. Now that we know why applications. Now that we know why transformers are important, let's transformers are important, let's transformers are important, let's discuss some applications. discuss some applications. discuss some applications. We have OpenAI's GPT, a groundbreaking We have OpenAI's GPT, a groundbreaking We have OpenAI's GPT, a groundbreaking model that leverages the power of model that leverages the power of model that leverages the power of transformers for natural language transformers for natural language transformers for natural language processing task. Additionally, Google processing task. Additionally, Google processing task. Additionally, Google has developed several transformer based has developed several transformer based has developed several transformer based models including vision transformer for models including vision transformer for models including vision transformer for image recognition but birectional image recognition but birectional image recognition but birectional encoder representations from encoder representations from encoder representations from transformers for understanding the transformers for understanding the transformers for understanding the context of words in a sentence and T5 context of words in a sentence and T5 context of words in a sentence and T5 which stands for texttoext transfer which stands for texttoext transfer which stands for texttoext transfer transformer for a wide range of text transformer for a wide range of text transformer for a wide range of text generation task. Microsoft has also generation task. Microsoft has also generation task. Microsoft has also contributed with debirth decoding contributed with debirth decoding contributed with debirth decoding enhanced bird with disentangled enhanced bird with disentangled enhanced bird with disentangled attention a model designed to improve attention a model designed to improve attention a model designed to improve contextually understanding and enhance contextually understanding and enhance contextually understanding and enhance NLP applications. These models NLP applications. These models NLP applications. These models demonstrate the versatility and impact demonstrate the versatility and impact demonstrate the versatility and impact of transformer architecture across of transformer architecture across of transformer architecture across various domains. Now that we know the various domains. Now that we know the various domains. Now that we know the application of transformers, how about application of transformers, how about application of transformers, how about checking their realtime products? checking their realtime products? checking their realtime products? Transformers have become an integral Transformers have become an integral Transformers have become an integral part of many real world products that we part of many real world products that we part of many real world products that we use style. Examples include Grammarly use style. Examples include Grammarly use style. Examples include Grammarly which leverages transformers for which leverages transformers for which leverages transformers for advanced grammar and writing assistance. advanced grammar and writing assistance. advanced grammar and writing assistance. Google search and its translation tools Google search and its translation tools Google search and its translation tools powered by models like bird and t5 and powered by models like bird and t5 and powered by models like bird and t5 and chat GPT open AI's conversational AI chat GPT open AI's conversational AI chat GPT open AI's conversational AI that relays on the generative pre-chain that relays on the generative pre-chain that relays on the generative pre-chain transformer architecture. Additionally, transformer architecture. Additionally, transformer architecture. Additionally, Meta's deep fake detector uses Meta's deep fake detector uses Meta's deep fake detector uses transformer-based models for facial transformer-based models for facial transformer-based models for facial recognition task. These applications recognition task. These applications recognition task. These applications highlight how transformers have highlight how transformers have highlight how transformers have revolutionized technology, seamlessly revolutionized technology, seamlessly revolutionized technology, seamlessly integrating it into tools that enhance integrating it into tools that enhance integrating it into tools that enhance our everyday lives. In conclusion, our everyday lives. In conclusion, our everyday lives. In conclusion, transformers are changing the tech world transformers are changing the tech world transformers are changing the tech world by enabling smarter, faster, and more by enabling smarter, faster, and more by enabling smarter, faster, and more efficient AI systems. Whether it's efficient AI systems. Whether it's efficient AI systems. Whether it's generating text, translating languages, generating text, translating languages, generating text, translating languages, or enhancing search engines, these or enhancing search engines, these or enhancing search engines, these models are the cornerstone of modern AI. So what are RNN's, right? Well, RNN So what are RNN's, right? Well, RNN So what are RNN's, right? Well, RNN basically stand for recurrent neural basically stand for recurrent neural basically stand for recurrent neural network and we usually use this in order network and we usually use this in order network and we usually use this in order to deal with a sequential data. to deal with a sequential data. to deal with a sequential data. Sequential data can be something like a Sequential data can be something like a Sequential data can be something like a time series data or a textual data of time series data or a textual data of time series data or a textual data of any format. So why should one use RNN any format. So why should one use RNN any format. So why should one use RNN and write? Well, this is because there's and write? Well, this is because there's and write? Well, this is because there's a concept of internal memory here. RNN a concept of internal memory here. RNN a concept of internal memory here. RNN can remember important things about the can remember important things about the can remember important things about the input it has received which allows them input it has received which allows them input it has received which allows them to be very precise in predicting what to be very precise in predicting what to be very precise in predicting what can be the next outcome. So this is the can be the next outcome. So this is the can be the next outcome. So this is the reason why they are performed or reason why they are performed or reason why they are performed or preferred on a sequential data preferred on a sequential data preferred on a sequential data algorithm. Okay. And some of the algorithm. Okay. And some of the algorithm. Okay. And some of the examples of sequential data can be examples of sequential data can be examples of sequential data can be something like time series, speech, something like time series, speech, something like time series, speech, text, financial data, audio, video, text, financial data, audio, video, text, financial data, audio, video, weather and many more. Although RNN were weather and many more. Although RNN were weather and many more. Although RNN were the state-of-the-art algorithm for the state-of-the-art algorithm for the state-of-the-art algorithm for dealing with sequential data, they come dealing with sequential data, they come dealing with sequential data, they come up with their own drawbacks. And some of up with their own drawbacks. And some of up with their own drawbacks. And some of the popular drawbacks over here can be the popular drawbacks over here can be the popular drawbacks over here can be like due to the complication or the like due to the complication or the like due to the complication or the complexity of the algorithm the neural complexity of the algorithm the neural complexity of the algorithm the neural network is pretty slow to train and as network is pretty slow to train and as network is pretty slow to train and as there are huge amount of dimensions here there are huge amount of dimensions here there are huge amount of dimensions here the training is very long and difficult the training is very long and difficult the training is very long and difficult to do. Okay. Apart from that the most to do. Okay. Apart from that the most to do. Okay. Apart from that the most decisive feature for RNN or for the decisive feature for RNN or for the decisive feature for RNN or for the improvement in RNN is that of a improvement in RNN is that of a improvement in RNN is that of a vanishing gradient. What this vanishing vanishing gradient. What this vanishing vanishing gradient. What this vanishing gradient is is that you know when we go gradient is is that you know when we go gradient is is that you know when we go deeper and deeper into our neural deeper and deeper into our neural deeper and deeper into our neural network the previous data is lost. This network the previous data is lost. This network the previous data is lost. This is because of a concept called as is because of a concept called as is because of a concept called as vanishing gradient and due to this we vanishing gradient and due to this we vanishing gradient and due to this we cannot work on a large or a longer cannot work on a large or a longer cannot work on a large or a longer sequence of data. Okay. To overcome this sequence of data. Okay. To overcome this sequence of data. Okay. To overcome this we came up with some new or upgrades to we came up with some new or upgrades to we came up with some new or upgrades to the current recurrent neural networks or the current recurrent neural networks or the current recurrent neural networks or RNN. Starting off with birectional RNN. Starting off with birectional RNN. Starting off with birectional recurrent neural network. You see recurrent neural network. You see recurrent neural network. You see birectional recurrent neural network birectional recurrent neural network birectional recurrent neural network connect two hidden layers of opposite connect two hidden layers of opposite connect two hidden layers of opposite direction into the same output. With direction into the same output. With direction into the same output. With this form of generative deep learning, this form of generative deep learning, this form of generative deep learning, the output layer can get information the output layer can get information the output layer can get information from past future states simultaneously. from past future states simultaneously. from past future states simultaneously. So as you can see here we have two So as you can see here we have two So as you can see here we have two layers over here and as they are layers over here and as they are layers over here and as they are birectional what happens is when the birectional what happens is when the birectional what happens is when the algorithm feels that it is kind of algorithm feels that it is kind of algorithm feels that it is kind of losing its gradients or the previous losing its gradients or the previous losing its gradients or the previous data, it can go back and get the data data, it can go back and get the data data, it can go back and get the data from the past. So why do we need from the past. So why do we need from the past. So why do we need birectional recurrent neural network? birectional recurrent neural network? birectional recurrent neural network? Well, birectional recurrent neural Well, birectional recurrent neural Well, birectional recurrent neural network duplicates RNN processing chain network duplicates RNN processing chain network duplicates RNN processing chain so that the input process both forward so that the input process both forward so that the input process both forward and reverse time order thus allowing and reverse time order thus allowing and reverse time order thus allowing birectional recurrent neural network to birectional recurrent neural network to birectional recurrent neural network to look into future context as well. The look into future context as well. The look into future context as well. The next one is long short-term memory. Long next one is long short-term memory. Long next one is long short-term memory. Long short-term memory or also sometime short-term memory or also sometime short-term memory or also sometime referred to as LSTM is a artificial referred to as LSTM is a artificial referred to as LSTM is a artificial recurrent neural network architecture recurrent neural network architecture recurrent neural network architecture used in the field of deep learning. used in the field of deep learning. used in the field of deep learning. Unlike standard feed forward neural Unlike standard feed forward neural Unlike standard feed forward neural network, LSTM has a feedback network, LSTM has a feedback network, LSTM has a feedback connections. It can not only process connections. It can not only process connections. It can not only process single data point but also the entire single data point but also the entire single data point but also the entire sequence of data. So as you can see here sequence of data. So as you can see here sequence of data. So as you can see here from what I'm trying to say is with LSTM from what I'm trying to say is with LSTM from what I'm trying to say is with LSTM or longsh short-term memory it has or longsh short-term memory it has or longsh short-term memory it has something like you know we can feed a something like you know we can feed a something like you know we can feed a longer sequence compared to what it was longer sequence compared to what it was longer sequence compared to what it was with birectional RNN or RNN. So why is with birectional RNN or RNN. So why is with birectional RNN or RNN. So why is LSTM better than RNN? We can say that LSTM better than RNN? We can say that LSTM better than RNN? We can say that when we move from RNN to LSTM we are when we move from RNN to LSTM we are when we move from RNN to LSTM we are introducing more and more control over introducing more and more control over introducing more and more control over the sequence of the data that we can the sequence of the data that we can the sequence of the data that we can provide. The LSTM gives us more provide. The LSTM gives us more provide. The LSTM gives us more controllability and there's better controllability and there's better controllability and there's better results. All right. So the next type of results. All right. So the next type of results. All right. So the next type of recurrent neural network is the gated recurrent neural network is the gated recurrent neural network is the gated recurrent neural network or also recurrent neural network or also recurrent neural network or also referred to as GRUs. You see GRU is a referred to as GRUs. You see GRU is a referred to as GRUs. You see GRU is a type of recurrent neural network that is type of recurrent neural network that is type of recurrent neural network that is in certain cases is advantageous over in certain cases is advantageous over in certain cases is advantageous over longsh short-term memory. GRU makes use longsh short-term memory. GRU makes use longsh short-term memory. GRU makes use of less memory and also is faster than of less memory and also is faster than of less memory and also is faster than LSTM. But thing is LSTMs are more LSTM. But thing is LSTMs are more LSTM. But thing is LSTMs are more accurate while using longer data sets. accurate while using longer data sets. accurate while using longer data sets. I'm sure by now you might have got a I'm sure by now you might have got a I'm sure by now you might have got a hint about the trend that has lead to hint about the trend that has lead to hint about the trend that has lead to the improvement. Right? So the trend the improvement. Right? So the trend the improvement. Right? So the trend over here is you know the model should over here is you know the model should over here is you know the model should be capable of remembering and taking in be capable of remembering and taking in be capable of remembering and taking in on a longer input sequence. The game on a longer input sequence. The game on a longer input sequence. The game changer part for the sequential data was changer part for the sequential data was changer part for the sequential data was developed when we came up with something developed when we came up with something developed when we came up with something called as transformers. And this paper called as transformers. And this paper called as transformers. And this paper was something which is based on a was something which is based on a was something which is based on a concept called as attention is concept called as attention is concept called as attention is everything. All right. So let's take a everything. All right. So let's take a everything. All right. So let's take a look at this. The paper attention is all look at this. The paper attention is all look at this. The paper attention is all you need introduces a novel architecture you need introduces a novel architecture you need introduces a novel architecture called as transformers. Like LSTM, called as transformers. Like LSTM, called as transformers. Like LSTM, transformers is an architecture for transformers is an architecture for transformers is an architecture for transforming one sequence into another transforming one sequence into another transforming one sequence into another while helping other two parts that is while helping other two parts that is while helping other two parts that is encoders and decoders. But it differs encoders and decoders. But it differs encoders and decoders. But it differs from previously described sequence to from previously described sequence to from previously described sequence to sequence model because it does not work sequence model because it does not work sequence model because it does not work like GRUs. Okay. So it does not like GRUs. Okay. So it does not like GRUs. Okay. So it does not implements recurrent neural networks. implements recurrent neural networks. implements recurrent neural networks. Recurrent neural network until now were Recurrent neural network until now were Recurrent neural network until now were one of the best ways to capture the one of the best ways to capture the one of the best ways to capture the timely dependence on a sequence. timely dependence on a sequence. timely dependence on a sequence. However, the team presenting this paper However, the team presenting this paper However, the team presenting this paper that is attention is all you need prove that is attention is all you need prove that is attention is all you need prove that an architecture with only attention that an architecture with only attention that an architecture with only attention mechanism does not use RNN can improve mechanism does not use RNN can improve mechanism does not use RNN can improve its result in translation task and other its result in translation task and other its result in translation task and other NLP task. One of the best examples for NLP task. One of the best examples for NLP task. One of the best examples for transformers is Google's bird. So what transformers is Google's bird. So what transformers is Google's bird. So what exactly is this transformer right? We exactly is this transformer right? We exactly is this transformer right? We see here we have encoder on the top and see here we have encoder on the top and see here we have encoder on the top and decoder on the bottom. Both encoder and decoder on the bottom. Both encoder and decoder on the bottom. Both encoder and decoder are comprised of modules that decoder are comprised of modules that decoder are comprised of modules that can stick onto the top of each other can stick onto the top of each other can stick onto the top of each other multiple times. So what happens here is multiple times. So what happens here is multiple times. So what happens here is the inputs and outputs are first the inputs and outputs are first the inputs and outputs are first embedded into n dimension space since we embedded into n dimension space since we embedded into n dimension space since we cannot use this directly. So we cannot use this directly. So we cannot use this directly. So we obviously have to encode our inputs obviously have to encode our inputs obviously have to encode our inputs whatever we are providing here. One whatever we are providing here. One whatever we are providing here. One slight but important part of this model slight but important part of this model slight but important part of this model is the positional encoding of different is the positional encoding of different is the positional encoding of different words. Since we have no recurrent neural words. Since we have no recurrent neural words. Since we have no recurrent neural network that can remember how sequence network that can remember how sequence network that can remember how sequence are fed into the model. we need to are fed into the model. we need to are fed into the model. we need to somehow give every word or part of our somehow give every word or part of our somehow give every word or part of our sequence a relative position since a sequence a relative position since a sequence a relative position since a sequence depends on the order of the sequence depends on the order of the sequence depends on the order of the elements. Okay, these positions are elements. Okay, these positions are elements. Okay, these positions are added to the embedded representation of added to the embedded representation of added to the embedded representation of each words. All right, so this was the each words. All right, so this was the each words. All right, so this was the brief about transformers. So let us now brief about transformers. So let us now brief about transformers. So let us now move ahead and see some of the popular move ahead and see some of the popular move ahead and see some of the popular language models that are available in language models that are available in language models that are available in the market. All right, so let us now the market. All right, so let us now the market. All right, so let us now start off by understanding OpenAI's start off by understanding OpenAI's start off by understanding OpenAI's GPT3. The successor to GPT and GPT2 is GPT3. The successor to GPT and GPT2 is GPT3. The successor to GPT and GPT2 is the GPT3 and is one of the most the GPT3 and is one of the most the GPT3 and is one of the most controversial pre-trend models by controversial pre-trend models by controversial pre-trend models by OpenAI. The large scale OpenAI. The large scale OpenAI. The large scale transformer-based language model has transformer-based language model has transformer-based language model has been trained on 175 billion parameters been trained on 175 billion parameters been trained on 175 billion parameters which is 10 times more than any previous which is 10 times more than any previous which is 10 times more than any previous non-sparse language model. The model has non-sparse language model. The model has non-sparse language model. The model has been trained to achieve strong been trained to achieve strong been trained to achieve strong performance on many NLP data set performance on many NLP data set performance on many NLP data set including task like translation, including task like translation, including task like translation, answering questions as well as several answering questions as well as several answering questions as well as several other tasks. Then we have Google's bird. other tasks. Then we have Google's bird. other tasks. Then we have Google's bird. Bird stands for birectional encoder Bird stands for birectional encoder Bird stands for birectional encoder representations from transformers. A is representations from transformers. A is representations from transformers. A is a pre-trained NLP model which is a pre-trained NLP model which is a pre-trained NLP model which is developed by Google in 2018. With this developed by Google in 2018. With this developed by Google in 2018. With this anyone in the world can train either anyone in the world can train either anyone in the world can train either their own question answering module with their own question answering module with their own question answering module with up to 30 minutes on a single cloud TPU up to 30 minutes on a single cloud TPU up to 30 minutes on a single cloud TPU or few hours using single GPU. The or few hours using single GPU. The or few hours using single GPU. The company then released this showcasing company then released this showcasing company then released this showcasing the performance of 11 NLP task including the performance of 11 NLP task including the performance of 11 NLP task including very competitive Stanford data set very competitive Stanford data set very competitive Stanford data set questions. Unlike other language model, questions. Unlike other language model, questions. Unlike other language model, bird has only been pre-trained on 250 bird has only been pre-trained on 250 bird has only been pre-trained on 250 million words of Wikipedia and 800 million words of Wikipedia and 800 million words of Wikipedia and 800 million words of book corpus and has million words of book corpus and has million words of book corpus and has been successfully used as a pre-trained been successfully used as a pre-trained been successfully used as a pre-trained model in deep neural network. According model in deep neural network. According model in deep neural network. According to researchers, bird has achieved 93% to researchers, bird has achieved 93% to researchers, bird has achieved 93% accuracy which has surpassed any accuracy which has surpassed any accuracy which has surpassed any previous language models. Next, we have previous language models. Next, we have previous language models. Next, we have Elmo. Elmo also known as embedding for Elmo. Elmo also known as embedding for Elmo. Elmo also known as embedding for language model is a deep contextualized language model is a deep contextualized language model is a deep contextualized word representation that models syntax word representation that models syntax word representation that models syntax and semantic words as well as their and semantic words as well as their and semantic words as well as their logistic context. The model developed by logistic context. The model developed by logistic context. The model developed by Alan LLP has been pre-trained on a huge Alan LLP has been pre-trained on a huge Alan LLP has been pre-trained on a huge text corpus and learn functions from text corpus and learn functions from text corpus and learn functions from birectional models that is by LM. Elmo birectional models that is by LM. Elmo birectional models that is by LM. Elmo can easily be added to their existing can easily be added to their existing can easily be added to their existing models which drastically improves the models which drastically improves the models which drastically improves the features of functions across vast NLP features of functions across vast NLP features of functions across vast NLP problem including answering questions, problem including answering questions, problem including answering questions, textual sentiment and sentiment textual sentiment and sentiment textual sentiment and sentiment analysis. Now let's answer the fundamental Now let's answer the fundamental Now let's answer the fundamental question that is what exactly is question that is what exactly is question that is what exactly is generative AI? Generative AI refers to generative AI? Generative AI refers to generative AI? Generative AI refers to algorithm capable of creating new algorithm capable of creating new algorithm capable of creating new content whether text, images, audio or content whether text, images, audio or content whether text, images, audio or even videos. It's like having a creative even videos. It's like having a creative even videos. It's like having a creative AI assistant that can take a simple AI assistant that can take a simple AI assistant that can take a simple input and produce engaging outputs. For input and produce engaging outputs. For input and produce engaging outputs. For example, GPT and Llama can write essays example, GPT and Llama can write essays example, GPT and Llama can write essays or code while image generation models or code while image generation models or code while image generation models like DAL E and stable diffusion can like DAL E and stable diffusion can like DAL E and stable diffusion can visualize unique scenes from visualize unique scenes from visualize unique scenes from descriptions. But let's look at some of descriptions. But let's look at some of descriptions. But let's look at some of the popular tools driving this the popular tools driving this the popular tools driving this innovation. Well, some of the standard innovation. Well, some of the standard innovation. Well, some of the standard tools in generative AI includes GitHub tools in generative AI includes GitHub tools in generative AI includes GitHub copilot which assists developers with copilot which assists developers with copilot which assists developers with code suggestions and charg for text code suggestions and charg for text code suggestions and charg for text based interactions. based interactions. based interactions. Image generation tools like stable Image generation tools like stable Image generation tools like stable diffusion and midjourney helps creators diffusion and midjourney helps creators diffusion and midjourney helps creators bring visual concepts to life. Google's bring visual concepts to life. Google's bring visual concepts to life. Google's Gemini merges text and image Gemini merges text and image Gemini merges text and image capabilities while Adobe Firefly extends capabilities while Adobe Firefly extends capabilities while Adobe Firefly extends AI's reach to creative suits. So if you AI's reach to creative suits. So if you AI's reach to creative suits. So if you want to know how to use these tools, want to know how to use these tools, want to know how to use these tools, then check out our generative AI then check out our generative AI then check out our generative AI examples video link in the description. examples video link in the description. examples video link in the description. So you might wonder where are these So you might wonder where are these So you might wonder where are these tools being applied. Now let's explore tools being applied. Now let's explore tools being applied. Now let's explore them. Generative AI is transforming them. Generative AI is transforming them. Generative AI is transforming multiple creative fields. Image multiple creative fields. Image multiple creative fields. Image generation tools power visual design. generation tools power visual design. generation tools power visual design. Music compositions algorithm create Music compositions algorithm create Music compositions algorithm create original scores and AI assist video original scores and AI assist video original scores and AI assist video editors in automatic task. LLMs help editors in automatic task. LLMs help editors in automatic task. LLMs help generate and translate text while code generate and translate text while code generate and translate text while code generation tools like GitHub copilot generation tools like GitHub copilot generation tools like GitHub copilot boost developer efficiency. AI generated boost developer efficiency. AI generated boost developer efficiency. AI generated voices are even being used in audio voices are even being used in audio voices are even being used in audio books and voice assistance. So now let's books and voice assistance. So now let's books and voice assistance. So now let's take some of these tools and check. So take some of these tools and check. So take some of these tools and check. So this time we will use Ptory AI and this time we will use Ptory AI and this time we will use Ptory AI and Flicky AI. First let's explore Ptory AI. Flicky AI. First let's explore Ptory AI. Flicky AI. First let's explore Ptory AI. So for that let's go to its site and So for that let's go to its site and So for that let's go to its site and check its functions. So we are at the check its functions. So we are at the check its functions. So we are at the Ptory AI site. And on the left side we Ptory AI site. And on the left side we Ptory AI site. And on the left side we have the home project and brand kits. have the home project and brand kits. have the home project and brand kits. And on the main screen we have different And on the main screen we have different And on the main screen we have different features Ptory AI provides. So let's features Ptory AI provides. So let's features Ptory AI provides. So let's choose text to video. Here let's write choose text to video. Here let's write choose text to video. Here let's write some names and description and press some names and description and press some names and description and press generate. generate. generate. Pictory AI is a tool designed for video Pictory AI is a tool designed for video Pictory AI is a tool designed for video creators that helps transform long- form creators that helps transform long- form creators that helps transform long- form content such as articles or blog post content such as articles or blog post content such as articles or blog post into short engaging videos. It uses AI into short engaging videos. It uses AI into short engaging videos. It uses AI to automatically extract key highlights to automatically extract key highlights to automatically extract key highlights and create professionallook videos with and create professionallook videos with and create professionallook videos with minimal efforts. Due to its simplicity minimal efforts. Due to its simplicity minimal efforts. Due to its simplicity and time-saving capabilities, Pictory AI and time-saving capabilities, Pictory AI and time-saving capabilities, Pictory AI is a popular for social media content is a popular for social media content is a popular for social media content creation and marketing. Now let's see creation and marketing. Now let's see creation and marketing. Now let's see our next tool which is Flicky AI. So now our next tool which is Flicky AI. So now our next tool which is Flicky AI. So now we are at the flicky.ai site. Here we we are at the flicky.ai site. Here we we are at the flicky.ai site. Here we have different features like videos have different features like videos have different features like videos where you can create videos from all of where you can create videos from all of where you can create videos from all of these blogs, prompts etc. You can also these blogs, prompts etc. You can also these blogs, prompts etc. You can also create audios from these features and create audios from these features and create audios from these features and then we also have a design feature and then we also have a design feature and then we also have a design feature and on the left hand side you can see on the left hand side you can see on the left hand side you can see options like files, templates, brand options like files, templates, brand options like files, templates, brand kits, voice clones etc. So now let's kits, voice clones etc. So now let's kits, voice clones etc. So now let's take an idea and convert it into a take an idea and convert it into a take an idea and convert it into a video. Now let's write our topic and video. Now let's write our topic and video. Now let's write our topic and generate. Flicky AI is a content generate. Flicky AI is a content generate. Flicky AI is a content creation tool that turns text into creation tool that turns text into creation tool that turns text into videos using AI generated voices and videos using AI generated voices and videos using AI generated voices and visuals. It helps users create visuals. It helps users create visuals. It helps users create professional videos quickly by pairing professional videos quickly by pairing professional videos quickly by pairing written content with the stock images, written content with the stock images, written content with the stock images, animations, and voiceovers. Flicky is animations, and voiceovers. Flicky is animations, and voiceovers. Flicky is ideal for marketers, content creators, ideal for marketers, content creators, ideal for marketers, content creators, and educators looking to create engaging and educators looking to create engaging and educators looking to create engaging video content efficiently. Now that we video content efficiently. Now that we video content efficiently. Now that we have seen the applications, so let's have seen the applications, so let's have seen the applications, so let's step back and look at the journey that step back and look at the journey that step back and look at the journey that brought us here. So basically our brought us here. So basically our brought us here. So basically our journey starts in 1947 with Alan journey starts in 1947 with Alan journey starts in 1947 with Alan Turing's concept of intelligent Turing's concept of intelligent Turing's concept of intelligent machines. By 1961, Joseph Venbomb machines. By 1961, Joseph Venbomb machines. By 1961, Joseph Venbomb introduced ELA, the first chatbot. The introduced ELA, the first chatbot. The introduced ELA, the first chatbot. The 1980s saw the birth of recurrent neural 1980s saw the birth of recurrent neural 1980s saw the birth of recurrent neural networks while 1997 brought long networks while 1997 brought long networks while 1997 brought long short-term memory networks to tackle short-term memory networks to tackle short-term memory networks to tackle sequential data and then GANs emerged in sequential data and then GANs emerged in sequential data and then GANs emerged in 2014 transforming creative task. Fast 2014 transforming creative task. Fast 2014 transforming creative task. Fast forward to 2017 when transformers like forward to 2017 when transformers like forward to 2017 when transformers like GPT entered the scene. By 2023, GPT 3.5 GPT entered the scene. By 2023, GPT 3.5 GPT entered the scene. By 2023, GPT 3.5 and Google's palm marked significant and Google's palm marked significant and Google's palm marked significant milestones and by 2025, we are on the milestones and by 2025, we are on the milestones and by 2025, we are on the brink of AI breakthroughs in chemistry brink of AI breakthroughs in chemistry brink of AI breakthroughs in chemistry and genome editing. So what exactly are and genome editing. So what exactly are and genome editing. So what exactly are these LLMs and why are they so powerful? these LLMs and why are they so powerful? these LLMs and why are they so powerful? An LLM or large language models analyzes An LLM or large language models analyzes An LLM or large language models analyzes and understands natural language using and understands natural language using and understands natural language using machine learning. Examples include machine learning. Examples include machine learning. Examples include OpenAI's GPT, Google Spal, and Metas OpenAI's GPT, Google Spal, and Metas OpenAI's GPT, Google Spal, and Metas Lama. These models drive applications Lama. These models drive applications Lama. These models drive applications such as chatbots, language translation, such as chatbots, language translation, such as chatbots, language translation, and more by learning from extensive data and more by learning from extensive data and more by learning from extensive data to predict and generate text sequences. to predict and generate text sequences. to predict and generate text sequences. But before this, there was a very famous But before this, there was a very famous But before this, there was a very famous term called language model. A language term called language model. A language term called language model. A language model is a machine learning model that model is a machine learning model that model is a machine learning model that uses probability, statistics, and uses probability, statistics, and uses probability, statistics, and mathematics to predict the next sequence mathematics to predict the next sequence mathematics to predict the next sequence of words. Suppose you have a sentence of words. Suppose you have a sentence of words. Suppose you have a sentence like I have a boy who is my dash. Here like I have a boy who is my dash. Here like I have a boy who is my dash. Here if we ask a language model to predict if we ask a language model to predict if we ask a language model to predict the next word, it considers the context the next word, it considers the context the next word, it considers the context provided by the words before the blank. provided by the words before the blank. provided by the words before the blank. Based on common usage patterns from its Based on common usage patterns from its Based on common usage patterns from its training data, it may predict words like training data, it may predict words like training data, it may predict words like boyfriend, brother or friend which fit boyfriend, brother or friend which fit boyfriend, brother or friend which fit naturally. However, it's less likely to naturally. However, it's less likely to naturally. However, it's less likely to predict colleague or sibling as those predict colleague or sibling as those predict colleague or sibling as those words may not commonly follow these type words may not commonly follow these type words may not commonly follow these type of phrases. So this process shows how of phrases. So this process shows how of phrases. So this process shows how language models predict text by language models predict text by language models predict text by calculating probabilities for each calculating probabilities for each calculating probabilities for each possible word based on their likelihood possible word based on their likelihood possible word based on their likelihood in context. in context. in context. So when a language model is trained on So when a language model is trained on So when a language model is trained on massive amounts of diverse text, it massive amounts of diverse text, it massive amounts of diverse text, it gains a wider vocabulary and more gains a wider vocabulary and more gains a wider vocabulary and more understanding of language enabling it to understanding of language enabling it to understanding of language enabling it to make more accurate predictions. For make more accurate predictions. For make more accurate predictions. For example, if we give it a phrase like you example, if we give it a phrase like you example, if we give it a phrase like you are a dash to me, a model trained on are a dash to me, a model trained on are a dash to me, a model trained on extensive data might suggest various extensive data might suggest various extensive data might suggest various fitting words. for example, friend, fitting words. for example, friend, fitting words. for example, friend, inspiration or anything else. So based inspiration or anything else. So based inspiration or anything else. So based on the sentiment or context it has on the sentiment or context it has on the sentiment or context it has learned from the data. Now here learned from the data. Now here learned from the data. Now here reinforcement learning is used to reinforcement learning is used to reinforcement learning is used to improve the model's responses over time improve the model's responses over time improve the model's responses over time by giving feedbacks be it positive or by giving feedbacks be it positive or by giving feedbacks be it positive or negative on the responses. We help the negative on the responses. We help the negative on the responses. We help the model learn which type of responses are model learn which type of responses are model learn which type of responses are preferred in specific context. For preferred in specific context. For preferred in specific context. For example, if the model frequently example, if the model frequently example, if the model frequently misinterprets the tone or intent, the misinterprets the tone or intent, the misinterprets the tone or intent, the reinforcement learning helps adjust its reinforcement learning helps adjust its reinforcement learning helps adjust its productions to be more contextually productions to be more contextually productions to be more contextually appropriate and aligned with the appropriate and aligned with the appropriate and aligned with the intended meaning. But what do these intended meaning. But what do these intended meaning. But what do these models look like under the hood? Well, models look like under the hood? Well, models look like under the hood? Well, LLMs are built on neural networks LLMs are built on neural networks LLMs are built on neural networks composed of input, hidden, and output composed of input, hidden, and output composed of input, hidden, and output layers. The hidden layer process layers. The hidden layer process layers. The hidden layer process information to learn complex patterns information to learn complex patterns information to learn complex patterns and more layers means the model can and more layers means the model can and more layers means the model can capture deeper insights. This structure capture deeper insights. This structure capture deeper insights. This structure allows LLM to perform task from allows LLM to perform task from allows LLM to perform task from generating text to complex code generating text to complex code generating text to complex code completions. Now how do these layers completions. Now how do these layers completions. Now how do these layers interact and function in real time. Now interact and function in real time. Now interact and function in real time. Now LLM is based on the transformer and a LLM is based on the transformer and a LLM is based on the transformer and a transformer uses deep learning to transformer uses deep learning to transformer uses deep learning to process any information coming to it. process any information coming to it. process any information coming to it. Now let me tell you a story of three Now let me tell you a story of three Now let me tell you a story of three friends. Imagine we have three friends. Imagine we have three friends. Imagine we have three characters. First is our friend. The characters. First is our friend. The characters. First is our friend. The next character is Minion Bob and the next character is Minion Bob and the next character is Minion Bob and the third character is Gru. So our friend third character is Gru. So our friend third character is Gru. So our friend asks Bob, "What's the price of the jet? asks Bob, "What's the price of the jet? asks Bob, "What's the price of the jet? It must be $50,000." Minion Bob isn't It must be $50,000." Minion Bob isn't It must be $50,000." Minion Bob isn't sure. So he goes to Gru and asks, "Is sure. So he goes to Gru and asks, "Is sure. So he goes to Gru and asks, "Is the jet $50,000?" Gru replies, "No, it's the jet $50,000?" Gru replies, "No, it's the jet $50,000?" Gru replies, "No, it's $70,000." $70,000." $70,000." In this back and forth, Minion Bob is In this back and forth, Minion Bob is In this back and forth, Minion Bob is like the neural network layer trying to like the neural network layer trying to like the neural network layer trying to make an accurate guess. So each time he make an accurate guess. So each time he make an accurate guess. So each time he goes back to group like receiving more goes back to group like receiving more goes back to group like receiving more data or feedback he gets corrected if data or feedback he gets corrected if data or feedback he gets corrected if his guess is wrong leading him to refine his guess is wrong leading him to refine his guess is wrong leading him to refine his response. Now after the first check his response. Now after the first check his response. Now after the first check minion Bob returns to our friend saying minion Bob returns to our friend saying minion Bob returns to our friend saying I guess it's more than $60,000. I guess it's more than $60,000. I guess it's more than $60,000. Our friend assumes it might be around Our friend assumes it might be around Our friend assumes it might be around $65,000 and sends Bob back to group to $65,000 and sends Bob back to group to $65,000 and sends Bob back to group to verify. Again group corrects him no it's verify. Again group corrects him no it's verify. Again group corrects him no it's actually $70,000. So this process actually $70,000. So this process actually $70,000. So this process repeats with Bob adjusting his guess repeats with Bob adjusting his guess repeats with Bob adjusting his guess each time. Eventually he learns that the each time. Eventually he learns that the each time. Eventually he learns that the correct answer is $70,000 and updates correct answer is $70,000 and updates correct answer is $70,000 and updates his knowledge. So just like minion Bob, his knowledge. So just like minion Bob, his knowledge. So just like minion Bob, neural networks make initial guesses neural networks make initial guesses neural networks make initial guesses based on available information with each based on available information with each based on available information with each feedback loop like Bob going back to feedback loop like Bob going back to feedback loop like Bob going back to group. The model's hidden layers adjust group. The model's hidden layers adjust group. The model's hidden layers adjust the parameters to refine its guesses the parameters to refine its guesses the parameters to refine its guesses ultimately arriving at the most accurate ultimately arriving at the most accurate ultimately arriving at the most accurate prediction possible. So after getting prediction possible. So after getting prediction possible. So after getting corrected multiple times, Min and Bob's corrected multiple times, Min and Bob's corrected multiple times, Min and Bob's guesses improve until he knows the price guesses improve until he knows the price guesses improve until he knows the price is $70,000. is $70,000. is $70,000. Similarly, in a neural network, Similarly, in a neural network, Similarly, in a neural network, gradually learning the correct answer gradually learning the correct answer gradually learning the correct answer through training. So once the network through training. So once the network through training. So once the network learns, it can give accurate answers in learns, it can give accurate answers in learns, it can give accurate answers in future cases without checking every future cases without checking every future cases without checking every time. Now let us move on to understand time. Now let us move on to understand time. Now let us move on to understand how LLMs work. LLMs begin the collection how LLMs work. LLMs begin the collection how LLMs work. LLMs begin the collection of data sets, then tokenize text and of data sets, then tokenize text and of data sets, then tokenize text and break it into a manageable pieces. Using break it into a manageable pieces. Using break it into a manageable pieces. Using a transformer architecture, they process a transformer architecture, they process a transformer architecture, they process the data sequence all at once, the data sequence all at once, the data sequence all at once, leveraging vast training data. LMS leveraging vast training data. LMS leveraging vast training data. LMS contain millions of learn parameters contain millions of learn parameters contain millions of learn parameters that predict the text tokens and that predict the text tokens and that predict the text tokens and generate coherent outputs. Models often generate coherent outputs. Models often generate coherent outputs. Models often undergo pre-training for general undergo pre-training for general undergo pre-training for general knowledge and fine-tuning for specific knowledge and fine-tuning for specific knowledge and fine-tuning for specific task. So now let's see some practical task. So now let's see some practical task. So now let's see some practical uses of LLM. uses of LLM. uses of LLM. LLM power content generation, creating LLM power content generation, creating LLM power content generation, creating anything from articles to code. They anything from articles to code. They anything from articles to code. They excel in language translation, enhanced excel in language translation, enhanced excel in language translation, enhanced search engines, personalized search engines, personalized search engines, personalized recommendation, code development recommendation, code development recommendation, code development assistance, and sentiment analysis, assistance, and sentiment analysis, assistance, and sentiment analysis, which also owe much to LLM's predictive which also owe much to LLM's predictive which also owe much to LLM's predictive capabilities. So guys, are you ready to capabilities. So guys, are you ready to capabilities. So guys, are you ready to use all that knowledge in coding and use all that knowledge in coding and use all that knowledge in coding and witness how these LLMs come together to witness how these LLMs come together to witness how these LLMs come together to drive innovation? Whether through drive innovation? Whether through drive innovation? Whether through developing applications, analyzing data, developing applications, analyzing data, developing applications, analyzing data, or building smart assistance, the gear or building smart assistance, the gear or building smart assistance, the gear of technology keep turning to unlock of technology keep turning to unlock of technology keep turning to unlock AI's full potential. So now let us look AI's full potential. So now let us look AI's full potential. So now let us look at our problem statement. So one of the at our problem statement. So one of the at our problem statement. So one of the difficulties in the healthcare industry difficulties in the healthcare industry difficulties in the healthcare industry is effectively evaluating medical is effectively evaluating medical is effectively evaluating medical pictures such as MRIs, CT scans and pictures such as MRIs, CT scans and pictures such as MRIs, CT scans and X-rays in order to identify anomalies X-rays in order to identify anomalies X-rays in order to identify anomalies and illnesses. This procedure takes a and illnesses. This procedure takes a and illnesses. This procedure takes a lot of time and calls from specialized lot of time and calls from specialized lot of time and calls from specialized understanding. Automated methods must be understanding. Automated methods must be understanding. Automated methods must be developed to help medical personnel developed to help medical personnel developed to help medical personnel recognize possible health problems in recognize possible health problems in recognize possible health problems in medical imaging. In order to provide medical imaging. In order to provide medical imaging. In order to provide better patient care, a system that better patient care, a system that better patient care, a system that integrates cuttingedge machine learning integrates cuttingedge machine learning integrates cuttingedge machine learning models with image analysis can greatly models with image analysis can greatly models with image analysis can greatly help in the early detection of diseases help in the early detection of diseases help in the early detection of diseases including cancer, infections, and other including cancer, infections, and other including cancer, infections, and other illnesses. So, the method uses illnesses. So, the method uses illnesses. So, the method uses generative AI to evaluate medical photos generative AI to evaluate medical photos generative AI to evaluate medical photos and generate a thorough diagnosis report and generate a thorough diagnosis report and generate a thorough diagnosis report based on the findings. This technology based on the findings. This technology based on the findings. This technology allows users to upload medical images allows users to upload medical images allows users to upload medical images which the AI model then processes. which the AI model then processes. which the AI model then processes. Now let us build our project on a Now let us build our project on a Now let us build our project on a medical image analysis application using medical image analysis application using medical image analysis application using streamlit Python and an LLM of Google streamlit Python and an LLM of Google streamlit Python and an LLM of Google Gemini AI. So this app helps healthcare Gemini AI. So this app helps healthcare Gemini AI. So this app helps healthcare professional analyze medical images such professional analyze medical images such professional analyze medical images such as X-rays, MRIs and CT scans to detect as X-rays, MRIs and CT scans to detect as X-rays, MRIs and CT scans to detect anomalies and diseases. First let's anomalies and diseases. First let's anomalies and diseases. First let's import the necessary libraries. So first import the necessary libraries. So first import the necessary libraries. So first import import import streamllet as st. streamllet as st. streamllet as st. So if this is not working or showing an So if this is not working or showing an So if this is not working or showing an error then open the terminal and write error then open the terminal and write error then open the terminal and write pip install streamllet pip install streamllet pip install streamllet and from path lib import path. and from path lib import path. and from path lib import path. Next import google.enerative generative Next import google.enerative generative Next import google.enerative generative AI as gen AI. AI as gen AI. AI as gen AI. So we are importing streamllet for the So we are importing streamllet for the So we are importing streamllet for the app interface and path from path lip for app interface and path from path lip for app interface and path from path lip for handling file paths and Google handling file paths and Google handling file paths and Google generative AI which allows us to generative AI which allows us to generative AI which allows us to interact with the Gemini AI model. Next interact with the Gemini AI model. Next interact with the Gemini AI model. Next we will configure Google's Gemini API by we will configure Google's Gemini API by we will configure Google's Gemini API by setting up our API key. So this will setting up our API key. So this will setting up our API key. So this will allow us to connect to the AI model and allow us to connect to the AI model and allow us to connect to the AI model and generate insights from medical images. generate insights from medical images. generate insights from medical images. So before proceeding let's get our API So before proceeding let's get our API So before proceeding let's get our API key and we will go to the Google to key and we will go to the Google to key and we will go to the Google to generate an API key. So on your left there is an API key So on your left there is an API key So on your left there is an API key option and after clicking you will get option and after clicking you will get option and after clicking you will get the create API option. So just select the create API option. So just select the create API option. So just select your model and create your API key. So as you can see the screen just copy So as you can see the screen just copy So as you can see the screen just copy this API key and go back to terminal. So this API key and go back to terminal. So this API key and go back to terminal. So now let's configure our model. So just now let's configure our model. So just now let's configure our model. So just type gel AI dot configure type gel AI dot configure type gel AI dot configure and inside the bracket give API key and inside the bracket give API key and inside the bracket give API key equal to and over here paste the key. equal to and over here paste the key. equal to and over here paste the key. Now we set up the system prompt which Now we set up the system prompt which Now we set up the system prompt which defines the role of the AI model. So the defines the role of the AI model. So the defines the role of the AI model. So the prompt specifies that our AI is a prompt specifies that our AI is a prompt specifies that our AI is a medical image analysis system capable of medical image analysis system capable of medical image analysis system capable of detecting diseases like cancer, detecting diseases like cancer, detecting diseases like cancer, cardiovascular issues, neurological cardiovascular issues, neurological cardiovascular issues, neurological conditions and more. So guys I have conditions and more. So guys I have conditions and more. So guys I have already researched the prompts and already researched the prompts and already researched the prompts and written here. So basically the system written here. So basically the system written here. So basically the system prompt should be inside the triple prompt should be inside the triple prompt should be inside the triple quotes. quotes. quotes. So this prompt guides the model to So this prompt guides the model to So this prompt guides the model to analyze medical images for conditions analyze medical images for conditions analyze medical images for conditions such as cancer, fractures, infections such as cancer, fractures, infections such as cancer, fractures, infections and more making it a valuable tool for and more making it a valuable tool for and more making it a valuable tool for healthcare professionals. Now let's healthcare professionals. Now let's healthcare professionals. Now let's configure the model settings for configure the model settings for configure the model settings for generating responses. We define generating responses. We define generating responses. We define parameters like temperature and top K to parameters like temperature and top K to parameters like temperature and top K to control the creativity of the model's control the creativity of the model's control the creativity of the model's output. output. output. First type generation_config First type generation_config First type generation_config equal to equal to equal to and inside the double quote we will give and inside the double quote we will give and inside the double quote we will give temperature temperature temperature which is 1 then which is 1 then which is 1 then top_p top_p top_p which is 0.95 which is 0.95 which is 0.95 next top k 40 next top k 40 next top k 40 then max output tokens which is 819 92 then max output tokens which is 819 92 then max output tokens which is 819 92 next response_m next response_m next response_m type which is of text or plane. type which is of text or plane. type which is of text or plane. So over here the temperature one that So over here the temperature one that So over here the temperature one that controls randomness a value of one given controls randomness a value of one given controls randomness a value of one given balanced output diversity. Next top P balanced output diversity. Next top P balanced output diversity. Next top P 0.95 uses nucleus sampling selecting 0.95 uses nucleus sampling selecting 0.95 uses nucleus sampling selecting tokens from the top 25% cumulative tokens from the top 25% cumulative tokens from the top 25% cumulative probability distribution for diverse probability distribution for diverse probability distribution for diverse responses. Next, the top K 40 which responses. Next, the top K 40 which responses. Next, the top K 40 which limits token selection to the top 40 limits token selection to the top 40 limits token selection to the top 40 tokens based on the probability. tokens based on the probability. tokens based on the probability. Narrowing possible outputs to high Narrowing possible outputs to high Narrowing possible outputs to high probability tokens. Next, max output probability tokens. Next, max output probability tokens. Next, max output token. This setting allows for longer token. This setting allows for longer token. This setting allows for longer responses by limiting the maximum length responses by limiting the maximum length responses by limiting the maximum length of the generated text to 8,192 tokens. of the generated text to 8,192 tokens. of the generated text to 8,192 tokens. And then we have response m type which And then we have response m type which And then we have response m type which specifies the format of the output as specifies the format of the output as specifies the format of the output as plain text. So for more information, plain text. So for more information, plain text. So for more information, read the Google Gemini documentation. read the Google Gemini documentation. read the Google Gemini documentation. Next, we will also configure safety Next, we will also configure safety Next, we will also configure safety settings to ensure that the model settings to ensure that the model settings to ensure that the model doesn't generate harmful content. So for doesn't generate harmful content. So for doesn't generate harmful content. So for example, we block categories like example, we block categories like example, we block categories like harassment, hate speech and sexual harassment, hate speech and sexual harassment, hate speech and sexual explicit content. Here we are using two explicit content. Here we are using two explicit content. Here we are using two things. First categories and then the things. First categories and then the things. First categories and then the threshold. Then copy this four times threshold. Then copy this four times threshold. Then copy this four times like harassment, hate speech and sexual like harassment, hate speech and sexual like harassment, hate speech and sexual explicit content. Now let's set up the explicit content. Now let's set up the explicit content. Now let's set up the layout for our streamlit application. So layout for our streamlit application. So layout for our streamlit application. So for that we will configure the title and for that we will configure the title and for that we will configure the title and the layout of the page and even add a the layout of the page and even add a the layout of the page and even add a logo to make the interface more user logo to make the interface more user logo to make the interface more user friendly. So first type st dot set friendly. So first type st dot set friendly. So first type st dot set page_config and inside the bracket let's give page and inside the bracket let's give page and inside the bracket let's give page title equal to and inside the double title equal to and inside the double title equal to and inside the double quotes we will give diagnostic analytics comma page icon equal to comma page icon equal to comma page icon equal to robot robot robot now let us type column 1 comma column 2 now let us type column 1 comma column 2 now let us type column 1 comma column 2 comma column 3 is equal to st dot comma column 3 is equal to st dot comma column 3 is equal to st dot columns and inside the bracket give 1 columns and inside the bracket give 1 columns and inside the bracket give 1 comma 2a 1 1 2a 1 next with column 2 so I'll be 1 2a 1 next with column 2 so I'll be 1 2a 1 next with column 2 so I'll be using edurea and medical images so this using edurea and medical images so this using edurea and medical images so this will show you how to set up images using will show you how to set up images using will show you how to set up images using streaml now type st dot image and give a streaml now type st dot image and give a streaml now type st dot image and give a bracket and inside the double quotes bracket and inside the double quotes bracket and inside the double quotes let's type edurea dotpng let's type edurea dotpng let's type edurea dotpng and give a comma and give width is equal and give a comma and give width is equal and give a comma and give width is equal to 200. to 200. to 200. Now let us copy and paste it for Now let us copy and paste it for Now let us copy and paste it for medical. medical. medical. So let's type medical.png. So let's type medical.png. So let's type medical.png. Here we are using streamllets column to Here we are using streamllets column to Here we are using streamllets column to center the logo and title and this makes center the logo and title and this makes center the logo and title and this makes the app look professional and visually the app look professional and visually the app look professional and visually appealing. Next, let's allow the user to appealing. Next, let's allow the user to appealing. Next, let's allow the user to upload medical images for analysis. So, upload medical images for analysis. So, upload medical images for analysis. So, we use Streamlits file uploader widget we use Streamlits file uploader widget we use Streamlits file uploader widget to accept image file in PNG, JPG or JPEG to accept image file in PNG, JPG or JPEG to accept image file in PNG, JPG or JPEG formats. For that, let's type upload formats. For that, let's type upload formats. For that, let's type upload file equal to ST dot file file equal to ST dot file file equal to ST dot file uploader and inside the bracket inside uploader and inside the bracket inside uploader and inside the bracket inside the double quotes, let's type please the double quotes, let's type please the double quotes, let's type please upload the medical images for analysis. upload the medical images for analysis. upload the medical images for analysis. Comma type is equal to so basically the image type is equal to so basically the image type is equal to so basically the image type is equal to and inside the bracket type is equal to and inside the bracket type is equal to and inside the bracket inside the double quotes let's give PNG inside the double quotes let's give PNG inside the double quotes let's give PNG comma jpg and JPEG comma jpg and JPEG comma jpg and JPEG next let us type submit button equal to next let us type submit button equal to next let us type submit button equal to st dotbutton st dotbutton st dotbutton and inside the bracket let's give and inside the bracket let's give and inside the bracket let's give generate image analysis is generate image analysis is generate image analysis is so here when the user uploads a file and so here when the user uploads a file and so here when the user uploads a file and click the generate image analysis button click the generate image analysis button click the generate image analysis button the model process the image and prepare the model process the image and prepare the model process the image and prepare it for analysis. So once the user submit it for analysis. So once the user submit it for analysis. So once the user submit the image we send it to the AI model for the image we send it to the AI model for the image we send it to the AI model for analysis and then the model generates a analysis and then the model generates a analysis and then the model generates a response based on the prompt and image response based on the prompt and image response based on the prompt and image which we then display in the app. So which we then display in the app. So which we then display in the app. So here as you can see the screen we have here as you can see the screen we have here as you can see the screen we have another function. So the if submit another function. So the if submit another function. So the if submit button which runs the code when the button which runs the code when the button which runs the code when the submit button is pressed. Next the image submit button is pressed. Next the image submit button is pressed. Next the image data is equal to upload file.get value. data is equal to upload file.get value. data is equal to upload file.get value. This actually gets the raw image data This actually gets the raw image data This actually gets the raw image data from the uploaded file. And next we have from the uploaded file. And next we have from the uploaded file. And next we have the image parts where it creates a list the image parts where it creates a list the image parts where it creates a list with the image data in a structured with the image data in a structured with the image data in a structured format. Then we have the prompt parts. format. Then we have the prompt parts. format. Then we have the prompt parts. So this combines the image data and a So this combines the image data and a So this combines the image data and a text prompt for the model. So this part text prompt for the model. So this part text prompt for the model. So this part of the code actually sends the image and of the code actually sends the image and of the code actually sends the image and text prompt to the model to generate a text prompt to the model to generate a text prompt to the model to generate a response. And then we have the st.right response. And then we have the st.right response. And then we have the st.right which displays the model's responses in which displays the model's responses in which displays the model's responses in the app. So here we use the image data the app. So here we use the image data the app. So here we use the image data and system prompts to generate content and system prompts to generate content and system prompts to generate content with the Gemini AI model. The result is with the Gemini AI model. The result is with the Gemini AI model. The result is displayed as a detailed report with displayed as a detailed report with displayed as a detailed report with insights about the medical image. Now insights about the medical image. Now insights about the medical image. Now it's time to test the code. So open the it's time to test the code. So open the it's time to test the code. So open the terminal and type streamllet run main. terminal and type streamllet run main. terminal and type streamllet run main. py. So once you enter it will redirect py. So once you enter it will redirect py. So once you enter it will redirect you to our model interface. you to our model interface. you to our model interface. And there you go. And there you go. And there you go. So the model is ready. So here's a live So the model is ready. So here's a live So the model is ready. So here's a live demo of the app. We will upload a sample demo of the app. We will upload a sample demo of the app. We will upload a sample image and the app will analyze it and image and the app will analyze it and image and the app will analyze it and provide a detailed diagnosis based on provide a detailed diagnosis based on provide a detailed diagnosis based on the AI models inside. So this is how we the AI models inside. So this is how we the AI models inside. So this is how we use streamlit and Google's Gemini AI use streamlit and Google's Gemini AI use streamlit and Google's Gemini AI model to create a medical image analysis model to create a medical image analysis model to create a medical image analysis app. So this app can help medical app. So this app can help medical app. So this app can help medical practitioners by offering precise and practitioners by offering precise and practitioners by offering precise and thorough analysis of medical photos. Now thorough analysis of medical photos. Now thorough analysis of medical photos. Now it is the time for testing. So let's it is the time for testing. So let's it is the time for testing. So let's take one image of any disease and test take one image of any disease and test take one image of any disease and test it. So upload the image from your it. So upload the image from your it. So upload the image from your computer. computer. computer. Then we will select an image and press Then we will select an image and press Then we will select an image and press the generate button. So as you can see the generate button. So as you can see the generate button. So as you can see it's running. So it generates fabulous response and So it generates fabulous response and So it generates fabulous response and can help doctors in assisting their can help doctors in assisting their can help doctors in assisting their patients saving time and money. So this patients saving time and money. So this patients saving time and money. So this is how we built a realtime medical is how we built a realtime medical is how we built a realtime medical diagnostic helper using Streamlit Python diagnostic helper using Streamlit Python diagnostic helper using Streamlit Python and Google Gemini AI. Have you seen how tools like chat GPT Have you seen how tools like chat GPT Have you seen how tools like chat GPT with vision can look at an image you with vision can look at an image you with vision can look at an image you upload and describe it? Or how Dali and upload and describe it? Or how Dali and upload and describe it? Or how Dali and Midjourney can generate stunning images Midjourney can generate stunning images Midjourney can generate stunning images from just a text prompt? And now some AI from just a text prompt? And now some AI from just a text prompt? And now some AI models can even do both at the same models can even do both at the same models can even do both at the same time. They can see, read, listen, and time. They can see, read, listen, and time. They can see, read, listen, and even create all in one go. So how is even create all in one go. So how is even create all in one go. So how is that possible? Well, that's because of that possible? Well, that's because of that possible? Well, that's because of something called multimodel AI. AI that something called multimodel AI. AI that something called multimodel AI. AI that doesn't just work with one type of data doesn't just work with one type of data doesn't just work with one type of data like only text or only images but can like only text or only images but can like only text or only images but can understand and combine multiple types of understand and combine multiple types of understand and combine multiple types of information together just like we humans information together just like we humans information together just like we humans do. So in this video we are going to do. So in this video we are going to do. So in this video we are going to break down what multimodel AI really break down what multimodel AI really break down what multimodel AI really means and how multimodel AI works and means and how multimodel AI works and means and how multimodel AI works and explore some amazing real world examples explore some amazing real world examples explore some amazing real world examples that you are probably already using that you are probably already using that you are probably already using without even realizing it. So first without even realizing it. So first without even realizing it. So first let's break down the word multimodel. So let's break down the word multimodel. So let's break down the word multimodel. So multi means many and model refers to the multi means many and model refers to the multi means many and model refers to the modes of information like text, images, modes of information like text, images, modes of information like text, images, sound or video. So multimodel AI is an sound or video. So multimodel AI is an sound or video. So multimodel AI is an AI that can understand and work with AI that can understand and work with AI that can understand and work with multiple types of data at the same time. multiple types of data at the same time. multiple types of data at the same time. For example, a single AI model that can For example, a single AI model that can For example, a single AI model that can read text, look at images, listen to read text, look at images, listen to read text, look at images, listen to audio, watch videos, and combine all of audio, watch videos, and combine all of audio, watch videos, and combine all of this to give a better answer. It sounds this to give a better answer. It sounds this to give a better answer. It sounds a bit like how humans process a bit like how humans process a bit like how humans process information, right? So why do we need information, right? So why do we need information, right? So why do we need multimodel AI? So think about how we multimodel AI? So think about how we multimodel AI? So think about how we interact with the world. If you're interact with the world. If you're interact with the world. If you're watching a movie, you're seeing visuals, watching a movie, you're seeing visuals, watching a movie, you're seeing visuals, listening to dialogue, and understanding listening to dialogue, and understanding listening to dialogue, and understanding the story together. Or when you're the story together. Or when you're the story together. Or when you're explaining a recipe to someone, you explaining a recipe to someone, you explaining a recipe to someone, you might show pictures, describe steps, and might show pictures, describe steps, and might show pictures, describe steps, and maybe even play a video. So humans maybe even play a video. So humans maybe even play a video. So humans naturally combine different scenes to naturally combine different scenes to naturally combine different scenes to understand things. So old AI models were understand things. So old AI models were understand things. So old AI models were single model. They could only process single model. They could only process single model. They could only process one type of data. Like a text model one type of data. Like a text model one type of data. Like a text model could only read and write and a vision could only read and write and a vision could only read and write and a vision model could only look at images. But model could only look at images. But model could only look at images. But real world problems are not just text or real world problems are not just text or real world problems are not just text or just images. They are mixed. So just images. They are mixed. So just images. They are mixed. So multimodel AI bridges this gap and it multimodel AI bridges this gap and it multimodel AI bridges this gap and it lets AI connect the dots between text, lets AI connect the dots between text, lets AI connect the dots between text, visuals, audio and more. So how does visuals, audio and more. So how does visuals, audio and more. So how does multimodel AI work? In simple terms, it multimodel AI work? In simple terms, it multimodel AI work? In simple terms, it works like this. It takes different works like this. It takes different works like this. It takes different types of input. For example, it could types of input. For example, it could types of input. For example, it could take a photo and a text question about take a photo and a text question about take a photo and a text question about that photo. Then, it converts them into that photo. Then, it converts them into that photo. Then, it converts them into a common language inside the AI model. a common language inside the AI model. a common language inside the AI model. So, think of it like translating text, So, think of it like translating text, So, think of it like translating text, images, and audio into one shared images, and audio into one shared images, and audio into one shared understanding. Next, it reasons over all understanding. Next, it reasons over all understanding. Next, it reasons over all the data together. Then, it gives you a the data together. Then, it gives you a the data together. Then, it gives you a smart answer that considers all the smart answer that considers all the smart answer that considers all the inputs. So for example, you show AI a inputs. So for example, you show AI a inputs. So for example, you show AI a picture of a dog and ask what breed is picture of a dog and ask what breed is picture of a dog and ask what breed is this? So it looks at the image, this? So it looks at the image, this? So it looks at the image, understands the features and responds understands the features and responds understands the features and responds that looks like a golden retriever. So that looks like a golden retriever. So that looks like a golden retriever. So it's combining vision plus language to it's combining vision plus language to it's combining vision plus language to answer. Now let us go through a working answer. Now let us go through a working answer. Now let us go through a working diagram of a full multimodel pipeline. diagram of a full multimodel pipeline. diagram of a full multimodel pipeline. So as you can see the screen, first it So as you can see the screen, first it So as you can see the screen, first it takes different inputs. It could be a takes different inputs. It could be a takes different inputs. It could be a text, image or even a video. Then it text, image or even a video. Then it text, image or even a video. Then it encoders for each modality. Later these encoders for each modality. Later these encoders for each modality. Later these inputs will be translated into common AI inputs will be translated into common AI inputs will be translated into common AI language. Then a multimodel transformer language. Then a multimodel transformer language. Then a multimodel transformer uses cross attention to connect uses cross attention to connect uses cross attention to connect relationship across text, images and relationship across text, images and relationship across text, images and audio. And finally the model generates a audio. And finally the model generates a audio. And finally the model generates a response. So let me take another example response. So let me take another example response. So let me take another example to explain this diagram. So as you can to explain this diagram. So as you can to explain this diagram. So as you can see we have different inputs. So the see we have different inputs. So the see we have different inputs. So the model can take text, images, audio or model can take text, images, audio or model can take text, images, audio or even video as input. Next is the even video as input. Next is the even video as input. Next is the encoders for each modality. That means a encoders for each modality. That means a encoders for each modality. That means a text encoder converts words into vectors text encoder converts words into vectors text encoder converts words into vectors and an image encoder converts pixels and an image encoder converts pixels and an image encoder converts pixels into vectors and then an audio encoder into vectors and then an audio encoder into vectors and then an audio encoder converts sound waves into vectors. Next converts sound waves into vectors. Next converts sound waves into vectors. Next is the shared embedding space where all is the shared embedding space where all is the shared embedding space where all the different inputs are translated into the different inputs are translated into the different inputs are translated into a common AI language which is a vector a common AI language which is a vector a common AI language which is a vector space where similar meanings are closed space where similar meanings are closed space where similar meanings are closed together. For example, the word car and together. For example, the word car and together. For example, the word car and a picture of a car are mapped close a picture of a car are mapped close a picture of a car are mapped close together. Next is the fusion plus together. Next is the fusion plus together. Next is the fusion plus reasoning layer where a multimodel reasoning layer where a multimodel reasoning layer where a multimodel transformer uses cross attention to transformer uses cross attention to transformer uses cross attention to connect relationship across text, images connect relationship across text, images connect relationship across text, images and audio. For example, it links the and audio. For example, it links the and audio. For example, it links the word red to the red region of the car word red to the red region of the car word red to the red region of the car image. Next is the output generation. So image. Next is the output generation. So image. Next is the output generation. So finally, the model generates a response finally, the model generates a response finally, the model generates a response which could be text, a caption, an image which could be text, a caption, an image which could be text, a caption, an image like deli or even sound. All right, I like deli or even sound. All right, I like deli or even sound. All right, I hope this is clear now. So now let's hope this is clear now. So now let's hope this is clear now. So now let's look at some real world examples that look at some real world examples that look at some real world examples that make it easier to understand. So first make it easier to understand. So first make it easier to understand. So first we have Chad GPD with vision. So if you we have Chad GPD with vision. So if you we have Chad GPD with vision. So if you upload an image to chat and ask what's upload an image to chat and ask what's upload an image to chat and ask what's in this picture then it can describe the in this picture then it can describe the in this picture then it can describe the objects text or even analyze data like a objects text or even analyze data like a objects text or even analyze data like a chart. So that's multimodel AI. It's chart. So that's multimodel AI. It's chart. So that's multimodel AI. It's using both image understanding and text using both image understanding and text using both image understanding and text generation together. The next example is generation together. The next example is generation together. The next example is Google Lens. So when you point your Google Lens. So when you point your Google Lens. So when you point your camera at something, Google Lens can camera at something, Google Lens can camera at something, Google Lens can recognize the object, read the text in recognize the object, read the text in recognize the object, read the text in the image and translate into another the image and translate into another the image and translate into another language. Again, it's a vision plus language. Again, it's a vision plus language. Again, it's a vision plus language plus translation all in one language plus translation all in one language plus translation all in one model. The next example could be a model. The next example could be a model. The next example could be a self-driving cars. So, autonomous cars self-driving cars. So, autonomous cars self-driving cars. So, autonomous cars like Teslas uses multimodel AI because like Teslas uses multimodel AI because like Teslas uses multimodel AI because they have to see the road through they have to see the road through they have to see the road through cameras, read traffic signals, hear cameras, read traffic signals, hear cameras, read traffic signals, hear alerts and also process maps and text alerts and also process maps and text alerts and also process maps and text instructions. So, they combine all these instructions. So, they combine all these instructions. So, they combine all these modes to make driving decisions. Next is modes to make driving decisions. Next is modes to make driving decisions. Next is the healthcare AI. So doctors now use AI the healthcare AI. So doctors now use AI the healthcare AI. So doctors now use AI that can look at medical images like that can look at medical images like that can look at medical images like X-rays and also read patient reports X-rays and also read patient reports X-rays and also read patient reports combining the information to help combining the information to help combining the information to help diagnose diseases more accurately. But diagnose diseases more accurately. But diagnose diseases more accurately. But why is multimodel AI a gamecher? why is multimodel AI a gamecher? why is multimodel AI a gamecher? Multimodel AI is powerful because it's Multimodel AI is powerful because it's Multimodel AI is powerful because it's closer to human intelligence. We don't closer to human intelligence. We don't closer to human intelligence. We don't rely on one sense. We combine many. And rely on one sense. We combine many. And rely on one sense. We combine many. And it makes AI more flexible because one it makes AI more flexible because one it makes AI more flexible because one model can handle text, images, audio, model can handle text, images, audio, model can handle text, images, audio, and more. It can solve more complex and more. It can solve more complex and more. It can solve more complex problems like explaining what's problems like explaining what's problems like explaining what's happening in a video or understanding a happening in a video or understanding a happening in a video or understanding a full conversation with context. All full conversation with context. All full conversation with context. All right. Now, for those of you want a bit right. Now, for those of you want a bit right. Now, for those of you want a bit more technical depth, here's a quick more technical depth, here's a quick more technical depth, here's a quick peak behind the scene. So, as I peak behind the scene. So, as I peak behind the scene. So, as I discussed earlier, a multimodel AI uses discussed earlier, a multimodel AI uses discussed earlier, a multimodel AI uses transformer based models, the same type transformer based models, the same type transformer based models, the same type of models behind GPT. So the text, of models behind GPT. So the text, of models behind GPT. So the text, images and audio are all converted into images and audio are all converted into images and audio are all converted into a common representations like a shared a common representations like a shared a common representations like a shared language of numbers called embeddings. language of numbers called embeddings. language of numbers called embeddings. For example, a picture of a dog and the For example, a picture of a dog and the For example, a picture of a dog and the word dog are both mapped into a similar word dog are both mapped into a similar word dog are both mapped into a similar space. So the AI knows they mean the space. So the AI knows they mean the space. So the AI knows they mean the same thing. Then the model can reason same thing. Then the model can reason same thing. Then the model can reason across all modalities together and across all modalities together and across all modalities together and generate an output. A great example is generate an output. A great example is generate an output. A great example is click from open AI which connects images click from open AI which connects images click from open AI which connects images and text. Another is Google Gemini and text. Another is Google Gemini and text. Another is Google Gemini designed from the ground up as a truly designed from the ground up as a truly designed from the ground up as a truly multimodal model. So what is the biggest multimodal model. So what is the biggest multimodal model. So what is the biggest challenge? So the different types of challenge? So the different types of challenge? So the different types of data have different formats and data have different formats and data have different formats and complexity. Combining them efficiently complexity. Combining them efficiently complexity. Combining them efficiently without losing meaning is still an without losing meaning is still an without losing meaning is still an ongoing research area. So it's not just ongoing research area. So it's not just ongoing research area. So it's not just a magic. So it's smart design that lets a magic. So it's smart design that lets a magic. So it's smart design that lets the AI translate everything into one the AI translate everything into one the AI translate everything into one common understanding. Let's now look at common understanding. Let's now look at common understanding. Let's now look at some of the most important multimodel some of the most important multimodel some of the most important multimodel models. how they work and where they are models. how they work and where they are models. how they work and where they are used. So here are the key multimodel used. So here are the key multimodel used. So here are the key multimodel models. So first on the list we have models. So first on the list we have models. So first on the list we have clip which is clip which stands for clip which is clip which stands for clip which is clip which stands for contrastive language image pre-training contrastive language image pre-training contrastive language image pre-training from open AI. So let's see how it works. from open AI. So let's see how it works. from open AI. So let's see how it works. So it has two encoders a text encoder So it has two encoders a text encoder So it has two encoders a text encoder and an image encoder. So both encoders and an image encoder. So both encoders and an image encoder. So both encoders map inputs into the same embedding map inputs into the same embedding map inputs into the same embedding space. So during training it learns this space. So during training it learns this space. So during training it learns this caption matches this image and this caption matches this image and this caption matches this image and this caption does not match that image. So it caption does not match that image. So it caption does not match that image. So it uses contrastive learning. It pushes uses contrastive learning. It pushes uses contrastive learning. It pushes correct pairs closer and incorrect pairs correct pairs closer and incorrect pairs correct pairs closer and incorrect pairs further apart. So here is the working further apart. So here is the working further apart. So here is the working diagram. So it takes the input be it diagram. So it takes the input be it diagram. So it takes the input be it image or text and then it encoders. So a image or text and then it encoders. So a image or text and then it encoders. So a image is a vision encoder and for text image is a vision encoder and for text image is a vision encoder and for text is a text encoder. Then it is shared to is a text encoder. Then it is shared to is a text encoder. Then it is shared to a embedding space and finally it a embedding space and finally it a embedding space and finally it generates the output. So let's have a generates the output. So let's have a generates the output. So let's have a look at the use cases. So it is used in look at the use cases. So it is used in look at the use cases. So it is used in DALI and stable diffusion to align text DALI and stable diffusion to align text DALI and stable diffusion to align text prompts with images. Next, it is used in prompts with images. Next, it is used in prompts with images. Next, it is used in zeroshot classification where you give zeroshot classification where you give zeroshot classification where you give it a photo of a dog versus a photo of a it a photo of a dog versus a photo of a it a photo of a dog versus a photo of a cat and it recognizes which one matches cat and it recognizes which one matches cat and it recognizes which one matches the image without retraining and then it the image without retraining and then it the image without retraining and then it is used in search where it finds images is used in search where it finds images is used in search where it finds images similar to this caption. Next moving on similar to this caption. Next moving on similar to this caption. Next moving on to second model which is BLP2. to second model which is BLP2. to second model which is BLP2. It stands for bootstrapping language It stands for bootstrapping language It stands for bootstrapping language image pre-training. So let us see how it image pre-training. So let us see how it image pre-training. So let us see how it works. So first it connects a frozen works. So first it connects a frozen works. So first it connects a frozen vision encoder for example a clip or vit vision encoder for example a clip or vit vision encoder for example a clip or vit with a frozen large language model which with a frozen large language model which with a frozen large language model which is LLM. A query transformer acts as a is LLM. A query transformer acts as a is LLM. A query transformer acts as a bridge where it converts visual features bridge where it converts visual features bridge where it converts visual features into a language friendly representation. into a language friendly representation. into a language friendly representation. So here is the working diagram. The AI So here is the working diagram. The AI So here is the working diagram. The AI first looks at the image and turns it first looks at the image and turns it first looks at the image and turns it into a features like objects, color and into a features like objects, color and into a features like objects, color and shapes. Then a small bridge model called shapes. Then a small bridge model called shapes. Then a small bridge model called Q former takes those visual features and Q former takes those visual features and Q former takes those visual features and converts them into a format the language converts them into a format the language converts them into a format the language model can understand. Next, the large model can understand. Next, the large model can understand. Next, the large language model then reasons about the language model then reasons about the language model then reasons about the image features just like it reasons image features just like it reasons image features just like it reasons about text. And finally, it generates a about text. And finally, it generates a about text. And finally, it generates a text answer or a caption describing the text answer or a caption describing the text answer or a caption describing the image. So visual encoder sees and Q image. So visual encoder sees and Q image. So visual encoder sees and Q former translates and the LLM explains. former translates and the LLM explains. former translates and the LLM explains. So let's have a look at the use cases. So let's have a look at the use cases. So let's have a look at the use cases. So first it is used in visual question So first it is used in visual question So first it is used in visual question answering for example what's in this answering for example what's in this answering for example what's in this picture. Next in the image captioning picture. Next in the image captioning picture. Next in the image captioning where it can give it like a man riding a where it can give it like a man riding a where it can give it like a man riding a horse on a beach. Next in a chatbots horse on a beach. Next in a chatbots horse on a beach. Next in a chatbots with vision for example where you upload with vision for example where you upload with vision for example where you upload an image and ask questions. Okay. The an image and ask questions. Okay. The an image and ask questions. Okay. The next model on our list is Flamingo from next model on our list is Flamingo from next model on our list is Flamingo from Deep Mind. So let's have a look at its Deep Mind. So let's have a look at its Deep Mind. So let's have a look at its working. So here's how it works. So working. So here's how it works. So working. So here's how it works. So first it's a few short multimodel model. first it's a few short multimodel model. first it's a few short multimodel model. It doesn't need huge fine tuning for a It doesn't need huge fine tuning for a It doesn't need huge fine tuning for a new task. And then it uses gated cross new task. And then it uses gated cross new task. And then it uses gated cross attention layers to integrate image plus attention layers to integrate image plus attention layers to integrate image plus text inside a frozen LM. And it can text inside a frozen LM. And it can text inside a frozen LM. And it can reason across multiple images and a long reason across multiple images and a long reason across multiple images and a long text sequence. So it looks at the image, text sequence. So it looks at the image, text sequence. So it looks at the image, reads your question, connects both reads your question, connects both reads your question, connects both through cross attention and then through cross attention and then through cross attention and then explains it. So let's have a look at the explains it. So let's have a look at the explains it. So let's have a look at the use cases. So it is used in multimodel use cases. So it is used in multimodel use cases. So it is used in multimodel chat bots like look at these five images chat bots like look at these five images chat bots like look at these five images and now answer this question. Next it is and now answer this question. Next it is and now answer this question. Next it is used in educational AI where it read used in educational AI where it read used in educational AI where it read diagrams plus answer questions. Next in diagrams plus answer questions. Next in diagrams plus answer questions. Next in document understanding where it read document understanding where it read document understanding where it read text plus images in a PDF. And the next text plus images in a PDF. And the next text plus images in a PDF. And the next multimodel on a list is palm e from multimodel on a list is palm e from multimodel on a list is palm e from Google. So here's how it works. So as Google. So here's how it works. So as Google. So here's how it works. So as you can see this is the working diagram. you can see this is the working diagram. you can see this is the working diagram. So first the AI gets both visual input So first the AI gets both visual input So first the AI gets both visual input like a photo or a live camera feed and like a photo or a live camera feed and like a photo or a live camera feed and the text instructions like pick up the the text instructions like pick up the the text instructions like pick up the red apple on the table. Next the vision red apple on the table. Next the vision red apple on the table. Next the vision transformer understand what's in the transformer understand what's in the transformer understand what's in the image like objects, colors and position image like objects, colors and position image like objects, colors and position and the palm language model understands and the palm language model understands and the palm language model understands the instruction and reasons about what the instruction and reasons about what the instruction and reasons about what needs to be done. So it's combining needs to be done. So it's combining needs to be done. So it's combining both. The AI creates a step-by-step both. The AI creates a step-by-step both. The AI creates a step-by-step action plan for the robot like move action plan for the robot like move action plan for the robot like move forward, grab the red apple and place it forward, grab the red apple and place it forward, grab the red apple and place it in the basket. So, here are the use in the basket. So, here are the use in the basket. So, here are the use cases. It is used in robotics like pick cases. It is used in robotics like pick cases. It is used in robotics like pick up the red apple on the table. Next, it up the red apple on the table. Next, it up the red apple on the table. Next, it is used in real world reasoning for is used in real world reasoning for is used in real world reasoning for embodied AI. Then, it is also used in embodied AI. Then, it is also used in embodied AI. Then, it is also used in visual navigation task. And the next visual navigation task. And the next visual navigation task. And the next multimodel is Google Gemini. So, here's multimodel is Google Gemini. So, here's multimodel is Google Gemini. So, here's how it works. It's a natively multimodel how it works. It's a natively multimodel how it works. It's a natively multimodel trained from scratch on text, images, trained from scratch on text, images, trained from scratch on text, images, audio and video. So unlike clip which audio and video. So unlike clip which audio and video. So unlike clip which aligns two encoders, Gemini has a single aligns two encoders, Gemini has a single aligns two encoders, Gemini has a single model handling all modalities and it model handling all modalities and it model handling all modalities and it uses joint training with cross uses joint training with cross uses joint training with cross attention. So this is the working attention. So this is the working attention. So this is the working diagram. So let me explain this. The AI diagram. So let me explain this. The AI diagram. So let me explain this. The AI takes in all types of inputs at once takes in all types of inputs at once takes in all types of inputs at once such as written text, pictures, sound, such as written text, pictures, sound, such as written text, pictures, sound, and even video. Then instead of using and even video. Then instead of using and even video. Then instead of using separate models for each type, it uses separate models for each type, it uses separate models for each type, it uses one powerful transformer model that can one powerful transformer model that can one powerful transformer model that can understand and combine all these inputs understand and combine all these inputs understand and combine all these inputs together. And from that combined together. And from that combined together. And from that combined understanding, it can give any kind of understanding, it can give any kind of understanding, it can give any kind of output, a text answer, a generated image output, a text answer, a generated image output, a text answer, a generated image or even an audio response. So basically or even an audio response. So basically or even an audio response. So basically it understands everything together and it understands everything together and it understands everything together and responds in any form you need. So let us responds in any form you need. So let us responds in any form you need. So let us have a look at its use cases. It is used have a look at its use cases. It is used have a look at its use cases. It is used in complex queries such as summarize in complex queries such as summarize in complex queries such as summarize this video and create a chart. It is this video and create a chart. It is this video and create a chart. It is used in advanced digital assistance and used in advanced digital assistance and used in advanced digital assistance and also in future AR VR multimodel also in future AR VR multimodel also in future AR VR multimodel applications. The next model is GPT40 applications. The next model is GPT40 applications. The next model is GPT40 from open AI. It's a optimized from open AI. It's a optimized from open AI. It's a optimized multimodel model. It accepts text, multimodel model. It accepts text, multimodel model. It accepts text, images, audio in real time and it uses images, audio in real time and it uses images, audio in real time and it uses fused embedding and parallel processing fused embedding and parallel processing fused embedding and parallel processing for speed and it works as a true for speed and it works as a true for speed and it works as a true interactive assistant. So here are its interactive assistant. So here are its interactive assistant. So here are its use cases. It is used in conversational use cases. It is used in conversational use cases. It is used in conversational AI with vision plus audio and in AI with vision plus audio and in AI with vision plus audio and in realtime assistance where you upload an realtime assistance where you upload an realtime assistance where you upload an image and get explanation instantly and image and get explanation instantly and image and get explanation instantly and also in accessibility tools for example also in accessibility tools for example also in accessibility tools for example describe surroundings for visually describe surroundings for visually describe surroundings for visually impaired users. So these models impaired users. So these models impaired users. So these models represent different approaches to represent different approaches to represent different approaches to multimodality. multimodality. multimodality. Some align subreate encoders like clip. Some align subreate encoders like clip. Some align subreate encoders like clip. Some bridge vision plus LLMs like BLP2 Some bridge vision plus LLMs like BLP2 Some bridge vision plus LLMs like BLP2 and some are natively multimodel like and some are natively multimodel like and some are natively multimodel like Gemini and GPD 40. So now let us see how Gemini and GPD 40. So now let us see how Gemini and GPD 40. So now let us see how are multimodel models trained. So are multimodel models trained. So are multimodel models trained. So training multimodel models is much more training multimodel models is much more training multimodel models is much more complex than training single model complex than training single model complex than training single model models. So first is the data set models. So first is the data set models. So first is the data set alignment. So you need paired data sets alignment. So you need paired data sets alignment. So you need paired data sets such as images plus captions, videos such as images plus captions, videos such as images plus captions, videos plus transcripts and audio plus text. So plus transcripts and audio plus text. So plus transcripts and audio plus text. So the challenge is the text and images the challenge is the text and images the challenge is the text and images don't always align perfectly. Next is don't always align perfectly. Next is don't always align perfectly. Next is the contrastive learning. So train the the contrastive learning. So train the the contrastive learning. So train the model to pull matching pairs closer and model to pull matching pairs closer and model to pull matching pairs closer and push non-matching pairs apart. For push non-matching pairs apart. For push non-matching pairs apart. For example, image of a cat plus caption a example, image of a cat plus caption a example, image of a cat plus caption a cat is a matching pair. Whereas image of cat is a matching pair. Whereas image of cat is a matching pair. Whereas image of a cat plus caption as a a dog is not a a cat plus caption as a a dog is not a a cat plus caption as a a dog is not a matching pair. Next is the masked matching pair. Next is the masked matching pair. Next is the masked modeling. Masked parts of the input such modeling. Masked parts of the input such modeling. Masked parts of the input such as image patches, text tokens as model as image patches, text tokens as model as image patches, text tokens as model predicts missing information. Then it predicts missing information. Then it predicts missing information. Then it forces the model to reason across forces the model to reason across forces the model to reason across modalities. For example, mask the object modalities. For example, mask the object modalities. For example, mask the object in a caption a dash is sitting on the in a caption a dash is sitting on the in a caption a dash is sitting on the table plus providing image. Next is the table plus providing image. Next is the table plus providing image. Next is the fusion and cross attention training fusion and cross attention training fusion and cross attention training where models like flamming go or gemini where models like flamming go or gemini where models like flamming go or gemini train cross attention layers to train cross attention layers to train cross attention layers to integrate modalities. It requires huge integrate modalities. It requires huge integrate modalities. It requires huge compute clusters. Next is scaling loss compute clusters. Next is scaling loss compute clusters. Next is scaling loss like LLM's multimodel models get better like LLM's multimodel models get better like LLM's multimodel models get better with size and data diversity. Gemini with size and data diversity. Gemini with size and data diversity. Gemini plus GPD40 trained on massive multimodel plus GPD40 trained on massive multimodel plus GPD40 trained on massive multimodel corpora. So here are the training corpora. So here are the training corpora. So here are the training requirements. You need to have high requirements. You need to have high requirements. You need to have high quality pair data set, billions of quality pair data set, billions of quality pair data set, billions of parameters and TPUs, GPUs for weeks or parameters and TPUs, GPUs for weeks or parameters and TPUs, GPUs for weeks or months and advanced optimizations such months and advanced optimizations such months and advanced optimizations such as mixed precision or shared training. as mixed precision or shared training. as mixed precision or shared training. So why is true multimodel AI still hard? So why is true multimodel AI still hard? So why is true multimodel AI still hard? It's because of data mismatch. Text is It's because of data mismatch. Text is It's because of data mismatch. Text is sequential, images are spial, and audio sequential, images are spial, and audio sequential, images are spial, and audio is temporal. So aligning them perfectly is temporal. So aligning them perfectly is temporal. So aligning them perfectly is difficult. Next is limited is difficult. Next is limited is difficult. Next is limited highquality data. So billions of image highquality data. So billions of image highquality data. So billions of image text pairs exist but have noises and text pairs exist but have noises and text pairs exist but have noises and bias. bias. bias. Next bias and fairness. Models learn Next bias and fairness. Models learn Next bias and fairness. Models learn cultural and social biases from cultural and social biases from cultural and social biases from multimodel data. For example, multimodel data. For example, multimodel data. For example, stereotypes in images and captions. The stereotypes in images and captions. The stereotypes in images and captions. The next challenge is compute cost. So next challenge is compute cost. So next challenge is compute cost. So training needs huge GPU clusters for training needs huge GPU clusters for training needs huge GPU clusters for example hundreds of A00 GPUs and example hundreds of A00 GPUs and example hundreds of A00 GPUs and fine-tuning multimodel models is even fine-tuning multimodel models is even fine-tuning multimodel models is even more expensive than text only. And the more expensive than text only. And the more expensive than text only. And the final challenge is the evaluation final challenge is the evaluation final challenge is the evaluation difficulty. So how do you measure difficulty. So how do you measure difficulty. So how do you measure reasoning across modalities so there's reasoning across modalities so there's reasoning across modalities so there's no single easy benchmark. So while no single easy benchmark. So while no single easy benchmark. So while multimodel AI is powerful, it's also multimodel AI is powerful, it's also multimodel AI is powerful, it's also data hungry, compute heavy and still data hungry, compute heavy and still data hungry, compute heavy and still evolving. evolving. evolving. So in simple words, the multimodel AI So in simple words, the multimodel AI So in simple words, the multimodel AI can process and combine multiple types can process and combine multiple types can process and combine multiple types of data such as text, images, audio, and of data such as text, images, audio, and of data such as text, images, audio, and video. It's already in use, such as GPD video. It's already in use, such as GPD video. It's already in use, such as GPD vision, Google Lens, self-driving cars, vision, Google Lens, self-driving cars, vision, Google Lens, self-driving cars, and healthcare AI. It's a big step and healthcare AI. It's a big step and healthcare AI. It's a big step towards AI that can understand the world towards AI that can understand the world towards AI that can understand the world like humans do. So what do you think? like humans do. So what do you think? like humans do. So what do you think? Will multimodal AI make AI more Will multimodal AI make AI more Will multimodal AI make AI more humanlike? So drop your thoughts in the humanlike? So drop your thoughts in the humanlike? So drop your thoughts in the comments. LLMs like GPT4 and Gemini 2.0 are LLMs like GPT4 and Gemini 2.0 are LLMs like GPT4 and Gemini 2.0 are massive models trained on huge data sets massive models trained on huge data sets massive models trained on huge data sets capable of generating highly capable of generating highly capable of generating highly sophisticated and nuanced responses. On sophisticated and nuanced responses. On sophisticated and nuanced responses. On the other hand, SLMs like dist or tiny the other hand, SLMs like dist or tiny the other hand, SLMs like dist or tiny GPT are smaller, more efficient models GPT are smaller, more efficient models GPT are smaller, more efficient models designed for faster and more lightweight designed for faster and more lightweight designed for faster and more lightweight task. So understanding the differences task. So understanding the differences task. So understanding the differences between them is crucial for selecting between them is crucial for selecting between them is crucial for selecting the right model for your needs. Now the right model for your needs. Now the right model for your needs. Now let's dive right in with our first let's dive right in with our first let's dive right in with our first question. What exactly are LLMs and question. What exactly are LLMs and question. What exactly are LLMs and SLMs? LLMs which are large language SLMs? LLMs which are large language SLMs? LLMs which are large language models are powerful AI systems trained models are powerful AI systems trained models are powerful AI systems trained on vast data sets offering deep on vast data sets offering deep on vast data sets offering deep contextual understanding and contextual understanding and contextual understanding and sophisticated responses. So models like sophisticated responses. So models like sophisticated responses. So models like GPT4 and Gemini 2.0 are the examples. GPT4 and Gemini 2.0 are the examples. GPT4 and Gemini 2.0 are the examples. Whereas SLMs like a dist bird or tiny Whereas SLMs like a dist bird or tiny Whereas SLMs like a dist bird or tiny GPD are streamlined for speed and GPD are streamlined for speed and GPD are streamlined for speed and efficiency exceling in lightweight task. efficiency exceling in lightweight task. efficiency exceling in lightweight task. So both serve distinct purposes So both serve distinct purposes So both serve distinct purposes balancing quality, cost and performance. balancing quality, cost and performance. balancing quality, cost and performance. All right. Now that we have got a good All right. Now that we have got a good All right. Now that we have got a good idea of what LLMs and SLMs are, let's idea of what LLMs and SLMs are, let's idea of what LLMs and SLMs are, let's talk about why this comparison is so talk about why this comparison is so talk about why this comparison is so important. As AI adoption grows across important. As AI adoption grows across important. As AI adoption grows across industries, the choice between LLMs and industries, the choice between LLMs and industries, the choice between LLMs and SLMs becomes more important. LLMs offer SLMs becomes more important. LLMs offer SLMs becomes more important. LLMs offer deep contextual understanding and deep contextual understanding and deep contextual understanding and complex outputs while SLMs provide complex outputs while SLMs provide complex outputs while SLMs provide efficiency and speed. So choosing the efficiency and speed. So choosing the efficiency and speed. So choosing the wrong model can lead to excessive cost, wrong model can lead to excessive cost, wrong model can lead to excessive cost, slow performance or supple results. And slow performance or supple results. And slow performance or supple results. And by understanding the strengths and by understanding the strengths and by understanding the strengths and trade-offs, you can make more informed trade-offs, you can make more informed trade-offs, you can make more informed decision and optimize your AIdriven decision and optimize your AIdriven decision and optimize your AIdriven solution. So now let's dive into the solution. So now let's dive into the solution. So now let's dive into the core differences between LLM and SLMs core differences between LLM and SLMs core differences between LLM and SLMs and see what sets them apart. So first and see what sets them apart. So first and see what sets them apart. So first let us compare in terms of model size let us compare in terms of model size let us compare in terms of model size and complexity. So when it comes to and complexity. So when it comes to and complexity. So when it comes to model size and complexity lens often model size and complexity lens often model size and complexity lens often have billions of parameters and require have billions of parameters and require have billions of parameters and require vast computational resources to train vast computational resources to train vast computational resources to train and run. Their large size enables them and run. Their large size enables them and run. Their large size enables them to generate highquality context rich to generate highquality context rich to generate highquality context rich responses. And on the other hand SLMs responses. And on the other hand SLMs responses. And on the other hand SLMs are designed with fewer parameters often are designed with fewer parameters often are designed with fewer parameters often in millions making them lighter and in millions making them lighter and in millions making them lighter and faster. They prioritize efficiency over faster. They prioritize efficiency over faster. They prioritize efficiency over complexity which makes them ideal for complexity which makes them ideal for complexity which makes them ideal for simpler task. Next, let us compare in simpler task. Next, let us compare in simpler task. Next, let us compare in terms of performance and output quality. terms of performance and output quality. terms of performance and output quality. So, when it comes to performance and So, when it comes to performance and So, when it comes to performance and output quality, LLM are known for their output quality, LLM are known for their output quality, LLM are known for their exceptional ability to handle complex exceptional ability to handle complex exceptional ability to handle complex conversations, creative writing and deep conversations, creative writing and deep conversations, creative writing and deep analysis. Their vast training data analysis. Their vast training data analysis. Their vast training data ensures diverse and sophisticated ensures diverse and sophisticated ensures diverse and sophisticated responses. On the other hand, while SLMs responses. On the other hand, while SLMs responses. On the other hand, while SLMs are efficient, they may sometimes are efficient, they may sometimes are efficient, they may sometimes struggle with nuanced or open-ended struggle with nuanced or open-ended struggle with nuanced or open-ended queries. However, they excel in queries. However, they excel in queries. However, they excel in straightforward well-defined task. Next, straightforward well-defined task. Next, straightforward well-defined task. Next, let's compare them with speed and let's compare them with speed and let's compare them with speed and latency. When it comes to speed and latency. When it comes to speed and latency. When it comes to speed and latency, LLMs can experience longer latency, LLMs can experience longer latency, LLMs can experience longer response time and higher latency due to response time and higher latency due to response time and higher latency due to their large size, especially when their large size, especially when their large size, especially when processing extensive input data. Whereas processing extensive input data. Whereas processing extensive input data. Whereas SLMs are designed for speed, offering SLMs are designed for speed, offering SLMs are designed for speed, offering quicker responses and making them well quicker responses and making them well quicker responses and making them well suited for real-time applications where suited for real-time applications where suited for real-time applications where low latency is fusion. Next, in terms of low latency is fusion. Next, in terms of low latency is fusion. Next, in terms of cost and resource efficiency. So when it cost and resource efficiency. So when it cost and resource efficiency. So when it comes to cost and resource efficiency, comes to cost and resource efficiency, comes to cost and resource efficiency, LN require significant hardware LN require significant hardware LN require significant hardware investments such as powerful GPUs and investments such as powerful GPUs and investments such as powerful GPUs and extensive cloud resources which lead to extensive cloud resources which lead to extensive cloud resources which lead to higher operational costs. Whereas SLMs higher operational costs. Whereas SLMs higher operational costs. Whereas SLMs with the smaller footprints are more with the smaller footprints are more with the smaller footprints are more affordable to deploy and maintain making affordable to deploy and maintain making affordable to deploy and maintain making them accessible even with limited them accessible even with limited them accessible even with limited computational resources. Now let us computational resources. Now let us computational resources. Now let us explore the real world use cases of LLM explore the real world use cases of LLM explore the real world use cases of LLM and SLM. LLMs are ideal for creative and SLM. LLMs are ideal for creative and SLM. LLMs are ideal for creative content generation, customer service content generation, customer service content generation, customer service chat bots with advanced capabilities, chat bots with advanced capabilities, chat bots with advanced capabilities, deep data analysis, and long- form deep data analysis, and long- form deep data analysis, and long- form conversations. On the other hand, SLMs conversations. On the other hand, SLMs conversations. On the other hand, SLMs are perfect for lightweight virtual are perfect for lightweight virtual are perfect for lightweight virtual assistance, realtime customer support, assistance, realtime customer support, assistance, realtime customer support, simple automation, and tasks that simple automation, and tasks that simple automation, and tasks that require quick turnaround times. Now, let require quick turnaround times. Now, let require quick turnaround times. Now, let us see its advantages and disadvantages us see its advantages and disadvantages us see its advantages and disadvantages of using LLM and SLMs. The key of using LLM and SLMs. The key of using LLM and SLMs. The key advantages of LLMs include their advantages of LLMs include their advantages of LLMs include their superior understanding of complex superior understanding of complex superior understanding of complex language, the ability to generate high language, the ability to generate high language, the ability to generate high quality nuance responses and better quality nuance responses and better quality nuance responses and better generation across wide range of diverse generation across wide range of diverse generation across wide range of diverse task. The main drawbacks of LLMs are task. The main drawbacks of LLMs are task. The main drawbacks of LLMs are their high computational and cost their high computational and cost their high computational and cost demands along with slower response times demands along with slower response times demands along with slower response times due to their large size and complexity. due to their large size and complexity. due to their large size and complexity. Now let us have a look at the advantages Now let us have a look at the advantages Now let us have a look at the advantages of SLMs. SLMs offers several advantages of SLMs. SLMs offers several advantages of SLMs. SLMs offers several advantages including their speed and efficiency, including their speed and efficiency, including their speed and efficiency, lower operational cost and easier lower operational cost and easier lower operational cost and easier deployment even on limited resources. deployment even on limited resources. deployment even on limited resources. The primary disadvantages of SLMs are The primary disadvantages of SLMs are The primary disadvantages of SLMs are their limited contextual understanding their limited contextual understanding their limited contextual understanding and their tendency to struggle with and their tendency to struggle with and their tendency to struggle with complex open-ended queries. Now that we complex open-ended queries. Now that we complex open-ended queries. Now that we have explored the strengths and have explored the strengths and have explored the strengths and limitations, so let's take a look at limitations, so let's take a look at limitations, so let's take a look at what the future holds for LLMs and SLMs what the future holds for LLMs and SLMs what the future holds for LLMs and SLMs in AI development. So both LLMs and SLMs in AI development. So both LLMs and SLMs in AI development. So both LLMs and SLMs will play vital role in the future of will play vital role in the future of will play vital role in the future of AI. We can expect ongoing improvements AI. We can expect ongoing improvements AI. We can expect ongoing improvements in efficiency, quality and adaptability. in efficiency, quality and adaptability. in efficiency, quality and adaptability. Hybrid approaches that combine the Hybrid approaches that combine the Hybrid approaches that combine the strengths of both models could become strengths of both models could become strengths of both models could become more common offering balanced more common offering balanced more common offering balanced performance and scalability. So the performance and scalability. So the performance and scalability. So the conclusion we get is that the choice conclusion we get is that the choice conclusion we get is that the choice between LLMs and SLMs depends on your between LLMs and SLMs depends on your between LLMs and SLMs depends on your specific needs. So if you prioritize specific needs. So if you prioritize specific needs. So if you prioritize depth, nuance and high quality output, depth, nuance and high quality output, depth, nuance and high quality output, LLMs are the best. So if speed, LLMs are the best. So if speed, LLMs are the best. So if speed, efficiency, and cost are more important, efficiency, and cost are more important, efficiency, and cost are more important, SLMs are the way to go. So by SLMs are the way to go. So by SLMs are the way to go. So by understanding their strengths and understanding their strengths and understanding their strengths and limitations, you can select the right limitations, you can select the right limitations, you can select the right model and unlock AI's full potential for model and unlock AI's full potential for model and unlock AI's full potential for your projects. Now let us understand what Lankchin is Now let us understand what Lankchin is Now let us understand what Lankchin is and why it is a valuable tool for and why it is a valuable tool for and why it is a valuable tool for building AI applications. You must be building AI applications. You must be building AI applications. You must be aware of popular applications such as aware of popular applications such as aware of popular applications such as GPT and Gemini. These applications GPT and Gemini. These applications GPT and Gemini. These applications utilize APIs and GPD uses OpenAI's API utilize APIs and GPD uses OpenAI's API utilize APIs and GPD uses OpenAI's API while Gemini operates through the Gemini while Gemini operates through the Gemini while Gemini operates through the Gemini API to process prompts. They leverage API to process prompts. They leverage API to process prompts. They leverage models like GPT 3.5, GPT4, Palm and models like GPT 3.5, GPT4, Palm and models like GPT 3.5, GPT4, Palm and Gemini 1. Additionally, these are other Gemini 1. Additionally, these are other Gemini 1. Additionally, these are other advanced models such as Llama, Gemini, advanced models such as Llama, Gemini, advanced models such as Llama, Gemini, Cohair, Cloud version one, Falcon, Palm, Cohair, Cloud version one, Falcon, Palm, Cohair, Cloud version one, Falcon, Palm, GPT4, and GPT 3.5. Lank Chain is a GPT4, and GPT 3.5. Lank Chain is a GPT4, and GPT 3.5. Lank Chain is a framework designed to help developers framework designed to help developers framework designed to help developers build flexible and powerful AIdriven build flexible and powerful AIdriven build flexible and powerful AIdriven applications by integrating and applications by integrating and applications by integrating and utilizing these diverse models utilizing these diverse models utilizing these diverse models effectively. But why exactly do we need effectively. But why exactly do we need effectively. But why exactly do we need lang? You must be thinking if langchain lang? You must be thinking if langchain lang? You must be thinking if langchain is this important then why do we need is this important then why do we need is this important then why do we need langchain? So let's break down this langchain? So let's break down this langchain? So let's break down this question using some real world examples. question using some real world examples. question using some real world examples. So imagine simply asking an LLM a prompt So imagine simply asking an LLM a prompt So imagine simply asking an LLM a prompt and getting an answer. That's easy. But and getting an answer. That's easy. But and getting an answer. That's easy. But what happens when the complexity what happens when the complexity what happens when the complexity increases? For example, let's say you're increases? For example, let's say you're increases? For example, let's say you're working with data from SQL databases, working with data from SQL databases, working with data from SQL databases, CSV files, PDFs or Google Analytics. and CSV files, PDFs or Google Analytics. and CSV files, PDFs or Google Analytics. and you need the model to write code, you need the model to write code, you need the model to write code, perform searches or send emails. perform searches or send emails. perform searches or send emails. Handling such intricate workflows Handling such intricate workflows Handling such intricate workflows manually can get overwhelming. This is manually can get overwhelming. This is manually can get overwhelming. This is where Langton steps in. It simplifies where Langton steps in. It simplifies where Langton steps in. It simplifies the process by offering components like the process by offering components like the process by offering components like document loaders, text splitters, vector document loaders, text splitters, vector document loaders, text splitters, vector databases, prompt templates and tools. databases, prompt templates and tools. databases, prompt templates and tools. So these helps you assemble tasks such So these helps you assemble tasks such So these helps you assemble tasks such as document summarization, question and as document summarization, question and as document summarization, question and answer systems or even advanced answer systems or even advanced answer systems or even advanced workflows like Google searches or workflows like Google searches or workflows like Google searches or customer support automation. Let's customer support automation. Let's customer support automation. Let's visualize this process with a diagram. visualize this process with a diagram. visualize this process with a diagram. Here's how it works. So, first you load Here's how it works. So, first you load Here's how it works. So, first you load a document like a CSV file using a a document like a CSV file using a a document like a CSV file using a document loader. Then use a text document loader. Then use a text document loader. Then use a text splitter to divide it into a smaller splitter to divide it into a smaller splitter to divide it into a smaller chunks and then store those chunks into chunks and then store those chunks into chunks and then store those chunks into a vector database and add a prompt a vector database and add a prompt a vector database and add a prompt template to guide the model. And template to guide the model. And template to guide the model. And finally, use a LLM like a GP4 or Lama to finally, use a LLM like a GP4 or Lama to finally, use a LLM like a GP4 or Lama to perform tasks like searching the web or perform tasks like searching the web or perform tasks like searching the web or automating workflows. And lang chain automating workflows. And lang chain automating workflows. And lang chain also offers chains that will help you also offers chains that will help you also offers chains that will help you assemble components to achieve single assemble components to achieve single assemble components to achieve single task such as summarization and an agenda task such as summarization and an agenda task such as summarization and an agenda to figure out what each component must to figure out what each component must to figure out what each component must do like password, customer services, do like password, customer services, do like password, customer services, etc. Now that we understand langen's etc. Now that we understand langen's etc. Now that we understand langen's core components, now let's explore how core components, now let's explore how core components, now let's explore how it streamlines the LLM application life it streamlines the LLM application life it streamlines the LLM application life cycle. So it typically involves three cycle. So it typically involves three cycle. So it typically involves three key stages. First is the development key stages. First is the development key stages. First is the development where you build and test your where you build and test your where you build and test your application. Then productionization application. Then productionization application. Then productionization where the system is fine-tuned for a where the system is fine-tuned for a where the system is fine-tuned for a real world use and finally deployment real world use and finally deployment real world use and finally deployment where the final product is launched for where the final product is launched for where the final product is launched for users. So Langon simplifies this life users. So Langon simplifies this life users. So Langon simplifies this life cycle allowing you to focus on building cycle allowing you to focus on building cycle allowing you to focus on building without worrying about the underlying without worrying about the underlying without worrying about the underlying complexity. Now let's take a step back complexity. Now let's take a step back complexity. Now let's take a step back and understand the role of APIs in and understand the role of APIs in and understand the role of APIs in powering these LLM applications and how powering these LLM applications and how powering these LLM applications and how Lankton effectively integrates them. In Lankton effectively integrates them. In Lankton effectively integrates them. In all these applications and models, one all these applications and models, one all these applications and models, one thing is common that is they use API. So thing is common that is they use API. So thing is common that is they use API. So now let's discuss APIs. APIs act as an now let's discuss APIs. APIs act as an now let's discuss APIs. APIs act as an intermediaries that enable different intermediaries that enable different intermediaries that enable different systems to communicate with each other. systems to communicate with each other. systems to communicate with each other. For example, they allow apps like Swiggy For example, they allow apps like Swiggy For example, they allow apps like Swiggy or Blinket to display your delivery or Blinket to display your delivery or Blinket to display your delivery drivers location in real time. So now drivers location in real time. So now drivers location in real time. So now let's look at the steps to explain APIs let's look at the steps to explain APIs let's look at the steps to explain APIs and API keys. So apps like Zipto, and API keys. So apps like Zipto, and API keys. So apps like Zipto, Swiggy, and Blinket use APIs to show the Swiggy, and Blinket use APIs to show the Swiggy, and Blinket use APIs to show the location of your delivery driver. So location of your delivery driver. So location of your delivery driver. So these apps don't communicate directly these apps don't communicate directly these apps don't communicate directly with Google maps but follow a layered with Google maps but follow a layered with Google maps but follow a layered process involving servers and security process involving servers and security process involving servers and security mechanism. First the app sends a request mechanism. First the app sends a request mechanism. First the app sends a request to Google maps API. Then the API forward to Google maps API. Then the API forward to Google maps API. Then the API forward the request to Google servers. Then the the request to Google servers. Then the the request to Google servers. Then the servers validate the request with the servers validate the request with the servers validate the request with the system. So once approved the response system. So once approved the response system. So once approved the response follows back through the servers APIs follows back through the servers APIs follows back through the servers APIs and finally to the app. So previously and finally to the app. So previously and finally to the app. So previously apps like Swiggy allowed login using apps like Swiggy allowed login using apps like Swiggy allowed login using phone numbers. Now they use API for phone numbers. Now they use API for phone numbers. Now they use API for login via platforms like Google or login via platforms like Google or login via platforms like Google or Facebook. So this demonstrates the Facebook. So this demonstrates the Facebook. So this demonstrates the versatility of a APIs in enabling versatility of a APIs in enabling versatility of a APIs in enabling seamless user interactions. To prevent seamless user interactions. To prevent seamless user interactions. To prevent misuse, APIs require API keys which are misuse, APIs require API keys which are misuse, APIs require API keys which are unique identifiers for secure access. So unique identifiers for secure access. So unique identifiers for secure access. So these keys authenticate request and these keys authenticate request and these keys authenticate request and ensure that only authorized users can ensure that only authorized users can ensure that only authorized users can interact with the APIs. Next, security interact with the APIs. Next, security interact with the APIs. Next, security systems closely monitor API usage to systems closely monitor API usage to systems closely monitor API usage to detect and prevent misuse. This ensures detect and prevent misuse. This ensures detect and prevent misuse. This ensures that APIs remain safe and functional for that APIs remain safe and functional for that APIs remain safe and functional for their intended purpose. And these steps their intended purpose. And these steps their intended purpose. And these steps simplify the explanation of how APIs and simplify the explanation of how APIs and simplify the explanation of how APIs and API keys work in real world API keys work in real world API keys work in real world applications. So this is how Langchain applications. So this is how Langchain applications. So this is how Langchain leverages APIs to connect your LLM leverages APIs to connect your LLM leverages APIs to connect your LLM applications with external tools making applications with external tools making applications with external tools making them versatile and secure. Now that we them versatile and secure. Now that we them versatile and secure. Now that we understand the role of APIs, so let's understand the role of APIs, so let's understand the role of APIs, so let's explore some real world applications of explore some real world applications of explore some real world applications of Langchain. So what can you build with Langchain. So what can you build with Langchain. So what can you build with Langchain? Here are few applications. Langchain? Here are few applications. Langchain? Here are few applications. First application we have is customer First application we have is customer First application we have is customer support. So customer support for your support. So customer support for your support. So customer support for your shopping websites to interact with shopping websites to interact with shopping websites to interact with customers. Next conversational chat bots customers. Next conversational chat bots customers. Next conversational chat bots for helping you study. Content for helping you study. Content for helping you study. Content generation tools for blogs or social generation tools for blogs or social generation tools for blogs or social media. We also have question answering media. We also have question answering media. We also have question answering systems for knowledge bases and then systems for knowledge bases and then systems for knowledge bases and then document summarizers for legal or document summarizers for legal or document summarizers for legal or academic content. Langin simplifies AI academic content. Langin simplifies AI academic content. Langin simplifies AI development by integrating LLM with development by integrating LLM with development by integrating LLM with various data sources and tools. Its various data sources and tools. Its various data sources and tools. Its applications are vast from chat bots to applications are vast from chat bots to applications are vast from chat bots to document summarization. So let's examine document summarization. So let's examine document summarization. So let's examine a practical example to see langchain in a practical example to see langchain in a practical example to see langchain in action. All right. In today's datadriven action. All right. In today's datadriven action. All right. In today's datadriven world, understanding and effectively world, understanding and effectively world, understanding and effectively using SQL queries is crucial for using SQL queries is crucial for using SQL queries is crucial for managing and analyzing large data sets. managing and analyzing large data sets. managing and analyzing large data sets. However, beginners and even experienced However, beginners and even experienced However, beginners and even experienced users often need help with complex SQL users often need help with complex SQL users often need help with complex SQL queries, their syntax, and how they queries, their syntax, and how they queries, their syntax, and how they work. This creates a barrier to work. This creates a barrier to work. This creates a barrier to efficiently interacting with databases efficiently interacting with databases efficiently interacting with databases and limits their potential to solve real and limits their potential to solve real and limits their potential to solve real world problems. To address this world problems. To address this world problems. To address this challenge, we propose a SQL query challenge, we propose a SQL query challenge, we propose a SQL query fetcher application that leverages the fetcher application that leverages the fetcher application that leverages the Gemini AI, Python, and Streamlit to Gemini AI, Python, and Streamlit to Gemini AI, Python, and Streamlit to simplify SQL learning and usage. The simplify SQL learning and usage. The simplify SQL learning and usage. The application allows users to input or application allows users to input or application allows users to input or select a query, generates the SQL select a query, generates the SQL select a query, generates the SQL syntax, and provides a detailed syntax, and provides a detailed syntax, and provides a detailed explanation of its components and explanation of its components and explanation of its components and functionality. This tool bridges the gap functionality. This tool bridges the gap functionality. This tool bridges the gap between technical understanding and real between technical understanding and real between technical understanding and real world database operations, empowering world database operations, empowering world database operations, empowering users with an initiative and interactive users with an initiative and interactive users with an initiative and interactive SQL learning experience. Let's jump SQL learning experience. Let's jump SQL learning experience. Let's jump right into the code. So the first step right into the code. So the first step right into the code. So the first step is setting up your dependencies. Here we is setting up your dependencies. Here we is setting up your dependencies. Here we import streamlit for the user interface import streamlit for the user interface import streamlit for the user interface and then Google generative AI for using and then Google generative AI for using and then Google generative AI for using Gemini. So first import streamllet as SD Gemini. So first import streamllet as SD Gemini. So first import streamllet as SD and next import and next import and next import Google dot generative AI as Gen AI. Google dot generative AI as Gen AI. Google dot generative AI as Gen AI. So to get this API you have to go to the So to get this API you have to go to the So to get this API you have to go to the Google Gemini API key and here click on Google Gemini API key and here click on Google Gemini API key and here click on get a Gemini API key in Google AI studio get a Gemini API key in Google AI studio get a Gemini API key in Google AI studio and then once you scroll there is a and then once you scroll there is a and then once you scroll there is a button on the left called create API. button on the left called create API. button on the left called create API. Now click on it and select your model Now click on it and select your model Now click on it and select your model here and let's copy it. And now let's go back and let's copy it. And now let's go back and let's copy it. And now let's go back to our VS code editor and paste it here. to our VS code editor and paste it here. to our VS code editor and paste it here. So to paste let's type So to paste let's type So to paste let's type Google Google Google API API API key and inside the double quote let's key and inside the double quote let's key and inside the double quote let's paste it. And now let's type genai dot paste it. And now let's type genai dot paste it. And now let's type genai dot configure configure configure and inside the bracket let's keep it as and inside the bracket let's keep it as and inside the bracket let's keep it as api key equal to and give it as google_i api key equal to and give it as google_i api key equal to and give it as google_i key. Now let's type model equal to genai key. Now let's type model equal to genai key. Now let's type model equal to genai dot generative model dot generative model dot generative model and inside the bracket let's keep it as and inside the bracket let's keep it as and inside the bracket let's keep it as gemini pro. So, we use the Google Gemini gemini pro. So, we use the Google Gemini gemini pro. So, we use the Google Gemini API to generate SQL queries dynamically. API to generate SQL queries dynamically. API to generate SQL queries dynamically. So, make sure to configure your API keys So, make sure to configure your API keys So, make sure to configure your API keys securely. Now, let's display the streaml securely. Now, let's display the streaml securely. Now, let's display the streaml layout code. layout code. layout code. Now, let's set up the app's user Now, let's set up the app's user Now, let's set up the app's user interface. So, we use streaml to create interface. So, we use streaml to create interface. So, we use streaml to create an interactive page where users can an interactive page where users can an interactive page where users can input plain English queries and get SQL input plain English queries and get SQL input plain English queries and get SQL code in return. So we write st dot set code in return. So we write st dot set code in return. So we write st dot set page_config and inside the bracket let's give it as and inside the bracket let's give it as and inside the bracket let's give it as page title page title page title and inside the double quotes let's give and inside the double quotes let's give and inside the double quotes let's give a title as edureka sql query generator a title as edureka sql query generator a title as edureka sql query generator and give a comma and let's type it as and give a comma and let's type it as and give a comma and let's type it as page icon equal equal to and inside the page icon equal equal to and inside the page icon equal equal to and inside the double quote let's keep it as robot. double quote let's keep it as robot. double quote let's keep it as robot. Now let's put some images. So I'm using Now let's put some images. So I'm using Now let's put some images. So I'm using Edurea image and SQL logo and also to Edurea image and SQL logo and also to Edurea image and SQL logo and also to make them center we will type it as make them center we will type it as make them center we will type it as column 1 comma column 2 comma column 3 column 1 comma column 2 comma column 3 column 1 comma column 2 comma column 3 equal to st dot columns equal to st dot columns equal to st dot columns and inside the bracket let's keep it as and inside the bracket let's keep it as and inside the bracket let's keep it as 1a 2a 1. Next, let us type with column 2 1a 2a 1. Next, let us type with column 2 1a 2a 1. Next, let us type with column 2 colon colon colon and let's type it as st dot image and and let's type it as st dot image and and let's type it as st dot image and inside the bracket let's give the image inside the bracket let's give the image inside the bracket let's give the image address and then width is equal to 200. address and then width is equal to 200. address and then width is equal to 200. Now let us add another image. So let's Now let us add another image. So let's Now let us add another image. So let's copy the same and give the other image copy the same and give the other image copy the same and give the other image address. address. address. Our layout includes a title, logo and Our layout includes a title, logo and Our layout includes a title, logo and text input box to keep the interface text input box to keep the interface text input box to keep the interface simple and initiative. So here's where simple and initiative. So here's where simple and initiative. So here's where the magic happens. So when a user clicks the magic happens. So when a user clicks the magic happens. So when a user clicks the generate SQL query button, we format the generate SQL query button, we format the generate SQL query button, we format their input into a prompt for the Gemini their input into a prompt for the Gemini their input into a prompt for the Gemini model to generate SQL code. So let's model to generate SQL code. So let's model to generate SQL code. So let's create template by writing template create template by writing template create template by writing template equal to and inside the triple quotes, equal to and inside the triple quotes, equal to and inside the triple quotes, let's type it as create uh SQL query let's type it as create uh SQL query let's type it as create uh SQL query snippet using the below text. snippet using the below text. snippet using the below text. Next, let us also give text input and Next, let us also give text input and Next, let us also give text input and we'll also type I just want a SQL query. we'll also type I just want a SQL query. we'll also type I just want a SQL query. Now let's type the response. So type Now let's type the response. So type Now let's type the response. So type response equal to model dot generate response equal to model dot generate response equal to model dot generate generate generate generate content content content and let's keep it as template dot format and let's keep it as template dot format and let's keep it as template dot format and inside the bracket let's give and inside the bracket let's give and inside the bracket let's give text_input equal to text_input and next let's type the SQL query. So and next let's type the SQL query. So and next let's type the SQL query. So give SQL query give SQL query give SQL query equal to response equal to response equal to response dot text dot text dot text dot. So let's give the strip function dot. So let's give the strip function dot. So let's give the strip function dot lstrip function dot r strip dot lstrip function dot r strip dot lstrip function dot r strip function. So the AI generates the SQL function. So the AI generates the SQL function. So the AI generates the SQL query and we clean up the output for query and we clean up the output for query and we clean up the output for display. So once the SQL query is ready, display. So once the SQL query is ready, display. So once the SQL query is ready, we take it a step further by generating we take it a step further by generating we take it a step further by generating a sample expected output and a clear a sample expected output and a clear a sample expected output and a clear explanation of the query. Now let's type explanation of the query. Now let's type explanation of the query. Now let's type the logic for showing explanation and the logic for showing explanation and the logic for showing explanation and output. So let's type st dot markdown output. So let's type st dot markdown output. So let's type st dot markdown and inside the bracket we will give HTML and inside the bracket we will give HTML and inside the bracket we will give HTML tags. So first div style is equal to we tags. So first div style is equal to we tags. So first div style is equal to we will align the text and center. So text will align the text and center. So text will align the text and center. So text align center and next let's give H1 tag align center and next let's give H1 tag align center and next let's give H1 tag and inside H1 tag we will write SQL and inside H1 tag we will write SQL and inside H1 tag we will write SQL query generator query generator query generator and let's close the H1 tag. Next, let's and let's close the H1 tag. Next, let's and let's close the H1 tag. Next, let's open H3 tag and write I can generate SQL open H3 tag and write I can generate SQL open H3 tag and write I can generate SQL queries for you. And let's close the H3 queries for you. And let's close the H3 queries for you. And let's close the H3 tag. And inside the H4 tag, let's type tag. And inside the H4 tag, let's type tag. And inside the H4 tag, let's type it as with explanation as well. it as with explanation as well. it as with explanation as well. Now close the H4 tag and let's open the Now close the H4 tag and let's open the Now close the H4 tag and let's open the paragraph tag which is the P tag. And paragraph tag which is the P tag. And paragraph tag which is the P tag. And inside the P tag, let's type it as this inside the P tag, let's type it as this inside the P tag, let's type it as this tool allows you to generate SQL queries based on your data. Now let SQL queries based on your data. Now let SQL queries based on your data. Now let us close the P tag. Also close the div us close the P tag. Also close the div us close the P tag. Also close the div tag. tag. tag. Now to make the markdown visible, let us Now to make the markdown visible, let us Now to make the markdown visible, let us type unsafe type unsafe type unsafe allow allow allow HTML equal to true. Now let's write text HTML equal to true. Now let's write text HTML equal to true. Now let's write text input equal to st.ext input equal to st.ext input equal to st.ext area and inside the bracket let's give area and inside the bracket let's give area and inside the bracket let's give it as enter your query here in plain it as enter your query here in plain it as enter your query here in plain English. Now let us give a submit English. Now let us give a submit English. Now let us give a submit button. So for that let us type submit button. So for that let us type submit button. So for that let us type submit button equal to st dot button equal to st dot button equal to st dot button and inside the bracket let us button and inside the bracket let us button and inside the bracket let us give generate SQL query. Now if submit give generate SQL query. Now if submit give generate SQL query. Now if submit button colon write it with st. dot button colon write it with st. dot button colon write it with st. dot spinner and inside the bracket let's spinner and inside the bracket let's spinner and inside the bracket let's keep generating SQL query keep generating SQL query keep generating SQL query and then let's create a template and and then let's create a template and and then let's create a template and inside the trible quotes let's type it inside the trible quotes let's type it inside the trible quotes let's type it as as as create a SQL query snippet using the create a SQL query snippet using the create a SQL query snippet using the below text. below text. below text. Now using the about template we will Now using the about template we will Now using the about template we will write three more templates for SQL query write three more templates for SQL query write three more templates for SQL query which are text input and then SQL query which are text input and then SQL query which are text input and then SQL query which will include expected output and which will include expected output and which will include expected output and also explanation output. also explanation output. also explanation output. Now to merge all the templates together Now to merge all the templates together Now to merge all the templates together we will make a container. So we will we will make a container. So we will we will make a container. So we will write with st.container. write with st.container. write with st.container. So it's a function and let us also write So it's a function and let us also write So it's a function and let us also write it as st dot it as st dot it as st dot success success success and inside the bracket let us give it as and inside the bracket let us give it as and inside the bracket let us give it as SQL query generated successfully SQL query generated successfully SQL query generated successfully also we will give here is your query also we will give here is your query also we will give here is your query below next below next below next st code and inside the bracket let us st code and inside the bracket let us st code and inside the bracket let us give SQL query Okay. And comma language give SQL query Okay. And comma language give SQL query Okay. And comma language equal to SQL. equal to SQL. equal to SQL. Now let us give once again st dots Now let us give once again st dots Now let us give once again st dots success and inside this let us keep it success and inside this let us keep it success and inside this let us keep it as as as expected output expected output expected output of this query will be of this query will be of this query will be and now let us keep it as st dot and now let us keep it as st dot and now let us keep it as st dot markdown and inside the bracket a output markdown and inside the bracket a output markdown and inside the bracket a output once again st dots success and inside once again st dots success and inside once again st dots success and inside this let us keep it as explanation of this let us keep it as explanation of this let us keep it as explanation of this SQL query. this SQL query. this SQL query. Next let us give st dot markdown Next let us give st dot markdown Next let us give st dot markdown and inside this function let us keep it and inside this function let us keep it and inside this function let us keep it as explanation. So over here this shows as explanation. So over here this shows as explanation. So over here this shows a green success message indicating the a green success message indicating the a green success message indicating the SQL query was generated successfully and SQL query was generated successfully and SQL query was generated successfully and next the show SQL query. This displays next the show SQL query. This displays next the show SQL query. This displays the SQL query is a formatted code block the SQL query is a formatted code block the SQL query is a formatted code block highlighting it as a SQL. Next is the highlighting it as a SQL. Next is the highlighting it as a SQL. Next is the display expected output. So this display expected output. So this display expected output. So this provides a success message for the provides a success message for the provides a success message for the query's expected output followed by st query's expected output followed by st query's expected output followed by st markdown e output which displays the markdown e output which displays the markdown e output which displays the expected output in markdown format and expected output in markdown format and expected output in markdown format and followed by st domarkdown e output which followed by st domarkdown e output which followed by st domarkdown e output which displays the expected output in the displays the expected output in the displays the expected output in the markdown format. So now this line of markdown format. So now this line of markdown format. So now this line of code introduce an explanation and code introduce an explanation and code introduce an explanation and st.mmarkdown explanation displays that st.mmarkdown explanation displays that st.mmarkdown explanation displays that it is in markdown format for clarity. So it is in markdown format for clarity. So it is in markdown format for clarity. So this makes the tool valuable for both this makes the tool valuable for both this makes the tool valuable for both learning and debugging SQL. So now let's learning and debugging SQL. So now let's learning and debugging SQL. So now let's see it in action. So open the terminal see it in action. So open the terminal see it in action. So open the terminal and let us type streamlit run and give and let us type streamlit run and give and let us type streamlit run and give your file name. Now as you can see the screen your SQL Now as you can see the screen your SQL Now as you can see the screen your SQL query generator is ready to go. Now query generator is ready to go. Now query generator is ready to go. Now let's test it. So for that here I will let's test it. So for that here I will let's test it. So for that here I will input a prompt asking for a query which input a prompt asking for a query which input a prompt asking for a query which is give me the query for create table. is give me the query for create table. is give me the query for create table. Now let's click on generate SQL query Now let's click on generate SQL query Now let's click on generate SQL query and as you can see it's running. So and as you can see it's running. So and as you can see it's running. So let's wait for it to generate. let's wait for it to generate. let's wait for it to generate. So as you can see on the screen the app So as you can see on the screen the app So as you can see on the screen the app generates a SQL query expected output generates a SQL query expected output generates a SQL query expected output and even a plain English explanation in and even a plain English explanation in and even a plain English explanation in seconds. So how cool is that right? And seconds. So how cool is that right? And seconds. So how cool is that right? And that's it. Our SQL query generator that's it. Our SQL query generator that's it. Our SQL query generator powered by lchain, Gemini API and powered by lchain, Gemini API and powered by lchain, Gemini API and streamlate is complete. So this project streamlate is complete. So this project streamlate is complete. So this project is perfect for simplifying SQL learning is perfect for simplifying SQL learning is perfect for simplifying SQL learning and enhancing productivity. So before we talk about agents, let's So before we talk about agents, let's So before we talk about agents, let's quickly understand Langchain. Langchain quickly understand Langchain. Langchain quickly understand Langchain. Langchain is a framework designed to help you is a framework designed to help you is a framework designed to help you connect large language models such as connect large language models such as connect large language models such as GPT with external tools, APIs, memory, GPT with external tools, APIs, memory, GPT with external tools, APIs, memory, and custom logic. Normally, LLM like and custom logic. Normally, LLM like and custom logic. Normally, LLM like chat GPT can only generate responses chat GPT can only generate responses chat GPT can only generate responses based on the text you give them. But based on the text you give them. But based on the text you give them. But what if you wanted to search the web, what if you wanted to search the web, what if you wanted to search the web, run Python code, query a database, or run Python code, query a database, or run Python code, query a database, or use a calculator? That's where Lantern use a calculator? That's where Lantern use a calculator? That's where Lantern comes in. It acts as a bridge between comes in. It acts as a bridge between comes in. It acts as a bridge between the LLM and the tools it can use to the LLM and the tools it can use to the LLM and the tools it can use to interact with the real world. And one of interact with the real world. And one of interact with the real world. And one of the most powerful features in lang chain the most powerful features in lang chain the most powerful features in lang chain is agents. So what exactly is a lang is agents. So what exactly is a lang is agents. So what exactly is a lang agent? So think of it like this. Instead agent? So think of it like this. Instead agent? So think of it like this. Instead of you telling the AI exactly what to of you telling the AI exactly what to of you telling the AI exactly what to do, you just give it a goal and the do, you just give it a goal and the do, you just give it a goal and the agent figures out how to get it done. An agent figures out how to get it done. An agent figures out how to get it done. An agent combines the power of reasoning, agent combines the power of reasoning, agent combines the power of reasoning, decision making, and tools. It uses the decision making, and tools. It uses the decision making, and tools. It uses the LLM to understand the task, choose which LLM to understand the task, choose which LLM to understand the task, choose which tools it needs, call those tools in the tools it needs, call those tools in the tools it needs, call those tools in the right order, and then return the final right order, and then return the final right order, and then return the final result to the user. It's like giving result to the user. It's like giving result to the user. It's like giving your AI assistant a toolbox and letting your AI assistant a toolbox and letting your AI assistant a toolbox and letting it decide which tools to use based on it decide which tools to use based on it decide which tools to use based on the question you ask. So, let's look at the question you ask. So, let's look at the question you ask. So, let's look at a real example to make it clear. Imagine a real example to make it clear. Imagine a real example to make it clear. Imagine this prompt. Check the current stock this prompt. Check the current stock this prompt. Check the current stock price of Apple and calculate the average price of Apple and calculate the average price of Apple and calculate the average over the past 5 days. A regular chatbot over the past 5 days. A regular chatbot over the past 5 days. A regular chatbot can't do that. But a langin agent can can't do that. But a langin agent can can't do that. But a langin agent can use a web search API to find today's use a web search API to find today's use a web search API to find today's stock price and use a Python tool to stock price and use a Python tool to stock price and use a Python tool to calculate the average and then respond calculate the average and then respond calculate the average and then respond with the results all automatically. So with the results all automatically. So with the results all automatically. So here's what happening under the hood. here's what happening under the hood. here's what happening under the hood. The LLM receives your prompt and it The LLM receives your prompt and it The LLM receives your prompt and it decides it needs to search and calculate decides it needs to search and calculate decides it needs to search and calculate and then it picks the right tools maybe and then it picks the right tools maybe and then it picks the right tools maybe SER API for search and Python for math SER API for search and Python for math SER API for search and Python for math and it performs each step in a sequence and it performs each step in a sequence and it performs each step in a sequence and gives you the final output. So this and gives you the final output. So this and gives you the final output. So this is all done dynamically meaning you is all done dynamically meaning you is all done dynamically meaning you don't hardcode each step. So the agent don't hardcode each step. So the agent don't hardcode each step. So the agent figures it out using the language models figures it out using the language models figures it out using the language models reasoning. Now let's look at the inner reasoning. Now let's look at the inner reasoning. Now let's look at the inner working of a lang agent. So when you working of a lang agent. So when you working of a lang agent. So when you create an agent in blank chain, you create an agent in blank chain, you create an agent in blank chain, you define three things. First the LLM to define three things. First the LLM to define three things. First the LLM to use like GPT4 or CL. Next the tools use like GPT4 or CL. Next the tools use like GPT4 or CL. Next the tools available like calculator, web search, available like calculator, web search, available like calculator, web search, database query etc. Next the agent type. database query etc. Next the agent type. database query etc. Next the agent type. So the lang supports types like zeros So the lang supports types like zeros So the lang supports types like zeros agent and conversational agent. So now agent and conversational agent. So now agent and conversational agent. So now that you understand how lang agents that you understand how lang agents that you understand how lang agents work. So let's quickly talk about the work. So let's quickly talk about the work. So let's quickly talk about the two most popular types. So first we have two most popular types. So first we have two most popular types. So first we have zero short agent. So this is the most zero short agent. So this is the most zero short agent. So this is the most commonly used agent. It works by giving commonly used agent. It works by giving commonly used agent. It works by giving the language model a list of tools along the language model a list of tools along the language model a list of tools along with a description of what each tool with a description of what each tool with a description of what each tool does. Then the model uses that does. Then the model uses that does. Then the model uses that information to figure out on the fly information to figure out on the fly information to figure out on the fly which tool to use and in what order. So which tool to use and in what order. So which tool to use and in what order. So it's called zeros because the model it's called zeros because the model it's called zeros because the model doesn't get examples. It just reasons doesn't get examples. It just reasons doesn't get examples. It just reasons based on the tool descriptions. And it based on the tool descriptions. And it based on the tool descriptions. And it is best for task that doesn't need is best for task that doesn't need is best for task that doesn't need memory or a back and forth conversation memory or a back and forth conversation memory or a back and forth conversation just like data lookups, calculations or just like data lookups, calculations or just like data lookups, calculations or API calls. And the next type is the API calls. And the next type is the API calls. And the next type is the conversational agent. This one is more conversational agent. This one is more conversational agent. This one is more advanced. It is designed for multi-turn advanced. It is designed for multi-turn advanced. It is designed for multi-turn conversations. That means the agent conversations. That means the agent conversations. That means the agent remembers previous steps and keeps track remembers previous steps and keeps track remembers previous steps and keeps track of what's already been done. So it uses of what's already been done. So it uses of what's already been done. So it uses a chat history and a memory module to a chat history and a memory module to a chat history and a memory module to maintain context across multiple maintain context across multiple maintain context across multiple prompts. And it is best for chat bots, prompts. And it is best for chat bots, prompts. And it is best for chat bots, virtual assistants or tools where the virtual assistants or tools where the virtual assistants or tools where the user ask follow-up questions or expect user ask follow-up questions or expect user ask follow-up questions or expect the AI to remember context. So in short the AI to remember context. So in short the AI to remember context. So in short I can say that the zeros short agent is I can say that the zeros short agent is I can say that the zeros short agent is fast, simple and oneshot task. Whereas fast, simple and oneshot task. Whereas fast, simple and oneshot task. Whereas the conversational agent is contextaware the conversational agent is contextaware the conversational agent is contextaware back and forth dialogues and there are back and forth dialogues and there are back and forth dialogues and there are other agents like tool using agents, other agents like tool using agents, other agents like tool using agents, plan and execute agents or multi-action plan and execute agents or multi-action plan and execute agents or multi-action agents for more advanced workflows and agents for more advanced workflows and agents for more advanced workflows and perfect for the future deep dives. Now perfect for the future deep dives. Now perfect for the future deep dives. Now to understand lang chain agents let's to understand lang chain agents let's to understand lang chain agents let's quickly explore its core building quickly explore its core building quickly explore its core building blocks. So first we have the LLMs. It is blocks. So first we have the LLMs. It is blocks. So first we have the LLMs. It is a brain of the system. Lang chain a brain of the system. Lang chain a brain of the system. Lang chain supports modules like openAI GPT 3.5 or supports modules like openAI GPT 3.5 or supports modules like openAI GPT 3.5 or GPT4 also anthropic alert and hugging GPT4 also anthropic alert and hugging GPT4 also anthropic alert and hugging face Olama cohire etc. And the next face Olama cohire etc. And the next face Olama cohire etc. And the next component is prompts these are the component is prompts these are the component is prompts these are the templates that guide the LLM's behavior. templates that guide the LLM's behavior. templates that guide the LLM's behavior. You can use static prompts or chat You can use static prompts or chat You can use static prompts or chat prompt template for more dynamic and prompt template for more dynamic and prompt template for more dynamic and multi-turn interactions. multi-turn interactions. multi-turn interactions. Next we have chains. It is a sequence of Next we have chains. It is a sequence of Next we have chains. It is a sequence of calls or logic. Next tools. These are calls or logic. Next tools. These are calls or logic. Next tools. These are the external functions the LLM can call the external functions the LLM can call the external functions the LLM can call such as Python calculator, web search such as Python calculator, web search such as Python calculator, web search API or SQL query executor. Then we have API or SQL query executor. Then we have API or SQL query executor. Then we have agents. Agents dynamically decide which agents. Agents dynamically decide which agents. Agents dynamically decide which tool to use and when based on your tool to use and when based on your tool to use and when based on your input. So agents are what lang chain input. So agents are what lang chain input. So agents are what lang chain from a chatbot into a multi-tool problem from a chatbot into a multi-tool problem from a chatbot into a multi-tool problem solver. So over here the tools are just solver. So over here the tools are just solver. So over here the tools are just Python functions wrapped in a langen Python functions wrapped in a langen Python functions wrapped in a langen format. For example, this is the Python format. For example, this is the Python format. For example, this is the Python function. So, it's like giving your AI function. So, it's like giving your AI function. So, it's like giving your AI assistant a toolbox and letting it assistant a toolbox and letting it assistant a toolbox and letting it decide what to use based on your prompt. decide what to use based on your prompt. decide what to use based on your prompt. Next, the agent then follows a process Next, the agent then follows a process Next, the agent then follows a process called react, which stands for reasoning called react, which stands for reasoning called react, which stands for reasoning plus acting. So, here's what that looks plus acting. So, here's what that looks plus acting. So, here's what that looks like. So, first, the agent receives the like. So, first, the agent receives the like. So, first, the agent receives the prompt. Then the LLM decides that I need prompt. Then the LLM decides that I need prompt. Then the LLM decides that I need to search the web. So, the lantern calls to search the web. So, the lantern calls to search the web. So, the lantern calls the search tool and then the tool the search tool and then the tool the search tool and then the tool returns the result. Next lm reasons now returns the result. Next lm reasons now returns the result. Next lm reasons now I need to do a calculation. So the I need to do a calculation. So the I need to do a calculation. So the lantern calls the calculator tool and lantern calls the calculator tool and lantern calls the calculator tool and agent returns the final answer. So here agent returns the final answer. So here agent returns the final answer. So here is the example of the react loop. So the is the example of the react loop. So the is the example of the react loop. So the thought is I need to find today's thought is I need to find today's thought is I need to find today's weather. The action that takes is it weather. The action that takes is it weather. The action that takes is it uses a weather API. Next is the uses a weather API. Next is the uses a weather API. Next is the observation. For example, it's a 28掳C in observation. For example, it's a 28掳C in observation. For example, it's a 28掳C in Bangalore. The thought is now I can tell Bangalore. The thought is now I can tell Bangalore. The thought is now I can tell the user the temperature. And the final the user the temperature. And the final the user the temperature. And the final answer would be it's currently 28掳C in answer would be it's currently 28掳C in answer would be it's currently 28掳C in Bangalore. So this entire flow is Bangalore. So this entire flow is Bangalore. So this entire flow is written and passed by the LLM itself written and passed by the LLM itself written and passed by the LLM itself using intermediate steps called scratch using intermediate steps called scratch using intermediate steps called scratch pads. So the lang passes those steps and pads. So the lang passes those steps and pads. So the lang passes those steps and knows when to call a tool or stop. Now knows when to call a tool or stop. Now knows when to call a tool or stop. Now let's look at where lang agents are used let's look at where lang agents are used let's look at where lang agents are used in real world projects. So first it is in real world projects. So first it is in real world projects. So first it is used in AI customer assistance. So the used in AI customer assistance. So the used in AI customer assistance. So the agents can look up user info, reset agents can look up user info, reset agents can look up user info, reset passwords and respond to queries passwords and respond to queries passwords and respond to queries automatically. So the users can ask automatically. So the users can ask automatically. So the users can ask things like what was my profit margin things like what was my profit margin things like what was my profit margin last quarter. So the agent pulls data last quarter. So the agent pulls data last quarter. So the agent pulls data from a database, does the math and from a database, does the math and from a database, does the math and explains it. Next, the langin agents can explains it. Next, the langin agents can explains it. Next, the langin agents can be used in research tools. So you can be used in research tools. So you can be used in research tools. So you can build a research bot that searches build a research bot that searches build a research bot that searches multiple sources, summarizes and gives multiple sources, summarizes and gives multiple sources, summarizes and gives you an answer step by step. then in you an answer step by step. then in you an answer step by step. then in automated workflows like send a message, automated workflows like send a message, automated workflows like send a message, create a task in a Trello and update the create a task in a Trello and update the create a task in a Trello and update the CRM all with one prompt. So that's the CRM all with one prompt. So that's the CRM all with one prompt. So that's the power of Langchain agents. So they allow power of Langchain agents. So they allow power of Langchain agents. So they allow your language models to take action, use your language models to take action, use your language models to take action, use tools and solve real world tasks step by tools and solve real world tasks step by tools and solve real world tasks step by step. So let me know in comments if you step. So let me know in comments if you step. So let me know in comments if you want a full coding tutorial on building want a full coding tutorial on building want a full coding tutorial on building your first Lang agent. Rack is a hybrid approach in artificial Rack is a hybrid approach in artificial Rack is a hybrid approach in artificial intelligence that combines retrieval intelligence that combines retrieval intelligence that combines retrieval systems with generative models to systems with generative models to systems with generative models to produce highly accurate contextually produce highly accurate contextually produce highly accurate contextually relevant responses. It brings the gap relevant responses. It brings the gap relevant responses. It brings the gap between fractual accuracy and natural between fractual accuracy and natural between fractual accuracy and natural language generation. Now let's language generation. Now let's language generation. Now let's understand it with the help of diagram. understand it with the help of diagram. understand it with the help of diagram. So it's a hybrid approach involving So it's a hybrid approach involving So it's a hybrid approach involving artificial intelligence that combines a artificial intelligence that combines a artificial intelligence that combines a retrieval system with a generated system retrieval system with a generated system retrieval system with a generated system to produce highly accurate responses. to produce highly accurate responses. to produce highly accurate responses. Now that we know what rag is, so let's Now that we know what rag is, so let's Now that we know what rag is, so let's explore why it is crucial for large explore why it is crucial for large explore why it is crucial for large language models and see a real world language models and see a real world language models and see a real world example. So rag addresses several example. So rag addresses several example. So rag addresses several limitations of traditional LLMs. It limitations of traditional LLMs. It limitations of traditional LLMs. It mitigates illusions by grounding mitigates illusions by grounding mitigates illusions by grounding responses in fractual retrieved data by responses in fractual retrieved data by responses in fractual retrieved data by dynamically accessing up-to-date dynamically accessing up-to-date dynamically accessing up-to-date information. Rack stays relevant in information. Rack stays relevant in information. Rack stays relevant in rapidly challenging domains. It improves rapidly challenging domains. It improves rapidly challenging domains. It improves accuracy and relevance by fetching accuracy and relevance by fetching accuracy and relevance by fetching specific relevant documents during specific relevant documents during specific relevant documents during inference. By outsourcing factual inference. By outsourcing factual inference. By outsourcing factual knowledge retrieval, rag enables knowledge retrieval, rag enables knowledge retrieval, rag enables smaller, more efficient models and it smaller, more efficient models and it smaller, more efficient models and it can adapt to domain specific knowledge can adapt to domain specific knowledge can adapt to domain specific knowledge basis for specialized applications. basis for specialized applications. basis for specialized applications. Additionally, rack provides Additionally, rack provides Additionally, rack provides explanability by showing the retrieved explanability by showing the retrieved explanability by showing the retrieved documents or data sources increasing documents or data sources increasing documents or data sources increasing trust and transparency. Now let us see trust and transparency. Now let us see trust and transparency. Now let us see some of the use cases. some of the use cases. some of the use cases. So without rag the sentence would be So without rag the sentence would be So without rag the sentence would be when was the last Mars rover launched? when was the last Mars rover launched? when was the last Mars rover launched? So this is just the incorrect response. So this is just the incorrect response. So this is just the incorrect response. So with rack the sentence would be So with rack the sentence would be So with rack the sentence would be dynamically retrieved from NASA's dynamically retrieved from NASA's dynamically retrieved from NASA's database and it would be the database and it would be the database and it would be the perseverance rover was launched on July perseverance rover was launched on July perseverance rover was launched on July 30, 2020. Now that we have seen why rag 30, 2020. Now that we have seen why rag 30, 2020. Now that we have seen why rag is important. So let's dive into how it is important. So let's dive into how it is important. So let's dive into how it works. Well, rag operates in three-step works. Well, rag operates in three-step works. Well, rag operates in three-step process. A user submits a query which process. A user submits a query which process. A user submits a query which triggers the retrieval stage. Here a triggers the retrieval stage. Here a triggers the retrieval stage. Here a retriever searches a database or retriever searches a database or retriever searches a database or knowledge base using tools like DM25 to knowledge base using tools like DM25 to knowledge base using tools like DM25 to fetch the most relevant information. The fetch the most relevant information. The fetch the most relevant information. The retrieve data is then fed into a retrieve data is then fed into a retrieve data is then fed into a generative model like GPT or T5 which generative model like GPT or T5 which generative model like GPT or T5 which process it and generates a coherent process it and generates a coherent process it and generates a coherent contextually grounded natural language contextually grounded natural language contextually grounded natural language response. Now let's take an example response. Now let's take an example response. Now let's take an example here. The query is who wrote 1984. here. The query is who wrote 1984. here. The query is who wrote 1984. Retrieve would be fetching a document Retrieve would be fetching a document Retrieve would be fetching a document containing George Orwell wrote 1984. Now containing George Orwell wrote 1984. Now containing George Orwell wrote 1984. Now generative response would be the author generative response would be the author generative response would be the author of 1984 is George Orwell. This hybrid of 1984 is George Orwell. This hybrid of 1984 is George Orwell. This hybrid approach makes rack ideal for real world approach makes rack ideal for real world approach makes rack ideal for real world applications like chatbots and knowledge applications like chatbots and knowledge applications like chatbots and knowledge systems. Now that we understand how rag systems. Now that we understand how rag systems. Now that we understand how rag works, let's explore some of its real works, let's explore some of its real works, let's explore some of its real world applications. Rack's versatile world applications. Rack's versatile world applications. Rack's versatile applications span various domains. In applications span various domains. In applications span various domains. In knowledge management, it can summarize knowledge management, it can summarize knowledge management, it can summarize large databases or documentation, aiding large databases or documentation, aiding large databases or documentation, aiding corporate teams. Legal and compliance corporate teams. Legal and compliance corporate teams. Legal and compliance task benefits from RA's ability to task benefits from RA's ability to task benefits from RA's ability to answer queries based on case law and answer queries based on case law and answer queries based on case law and regulations. While in healthcare, it can regulations. While in healthcare, it can regulations. While in healthcare, it can support medical professionals by support medical professionals by support medical professionals by summarizing research papers and summarizing research papers and summarizing research papers and guidelines. Education and e-learning can guidelines. Education and e-learning can guidelines. Education and e-learning can leverage rack for virtual tutotoring leverage rack for virtual tutotoring leverage rack for virtual tutotoring providing detailed explanations based on providing detailed explanations based on providing detailed explanations based on the textbooks and research papers. the textbooks and research papers. the textbooks and research papers. Interactive virtual assistants like Interactive virtual assistants like Interactive virtual assistants like Alexa and Siri can utilize rack to Alexa and Siri can utilize rack to Alexa and Siri can utilize rack to generate accurate and informative generate accurate and informative generate accurate and informative responses to user queries such as news responses to user queries such as news responses to user queries such as news headlines or product recommendations. headlines or product recommendations. headlines or product recommendations. Rack's unique ability to combine Rack's unique ability to combine Rack's unique ability to combine retrieval and generation makes it retrieval and generation makes it retrieval and generation makes it essential for task demanding both essential for task demanding both essential for task demanding both factual accuracy and fluent natural factual accuracy and fluent natural factual accuracy and fluent natural language responses. Now let's compare language responses. Now let's compare language responses. Now let's compare retrieval augmented generation with retrieval augmented generation with retrieval augmented generation with traditional AI model across three traditional AI model across three traditional AI model across three features. First we have fractual features. First we have fractual features. First we have fractual accuracy. Rack provides highly accurate accuracy. Rack provides highly accurate accuracy. Rack provides highly accurate responses by using realtime data whereas responses by using realtime data whereas responses by using realtime data whereas traditional models may give less traditional models may give less traditional models may give less accurate answers and may give errors. accurate answers and may give errors. accurate answers and may give errors. Next is the context adaptability. So Next is the context adaptability. So Next is the context adaptability. So here drag adapts quickly to new queries here drag adapts quickly to new queries here drag adapts quickly to new queries using live data whereas traditional using live data whereas traditional using live data whereas traditional models offer fixed answers based only on models offer fixed answers based only on models offer fixed answers based only on pre-trained knowledge. Next we have pre-trained knowledge. Next we have pre-trained knowledge. Next we have knowledge updates. Rank is easy to knowledge updates. Rank is easy to knowledge updates. Rank is easy to update. Just change its data source. update. Just change its data source. update. Just change its data source. Whereas traditional models need Whereas traditional models need Whereas traditional models need retraining which takes time. Then we retraining which takes time. Then we retraining which takes time. Then we have scalability. Whereas traditional have scalability. Whereas traditional have scalability. Whereas traditional models are limited by day size and models are limited by day size and models are limited by day size and training data. And then we have use training data. And then we have use training data. And then we have use cases. Rag is great for task like legal cases. Rag is great for task like legal cases. Rag is great for task like legal advice or customer support. Whereas advice or customer support. Whereas advice or customer support. Whereas traditional models work well for traditional models work well for traditional models work well for creative rating or casual queries. So creative rating or casual queries. So creative rating or casual queries. So here I want to conclude that rag is here I want to conclude that rag is here I want to conclude that rag is ideal for knowledge based task needing ideal for knowledge based task needing ideal for knowledge based task needing accuracy and flexibility while accuracy and flexibility while accuracy and flexibility while traditional models are better for traditional models are better for traditional models are better for creative users. While rag offers creative users. While rag offers creative users. While rag offers significant advantages, it's essential significant advantages, it's essential significant advantages, it's essential to acknowledge its limitations. So let's to acknowledge its limitations. So let's to acknowledge its limitations. So let's discuss the challenges and future of discuss the challenges and future of discuss the challenges and future of rack. So the first challenge is the rack. So the first challenge is the rack. So the first challenge is the latency. RACK systems can suffer from latency. RACK systems can suffer from latency. RACK systems can suffer from latency issues especially when dealing latency issues especially when dealing latency issues especially when dealing with large data sets or complex queries. with large data sets or complex queries. with large data sets or complex queries. Next is the data quality dependency. The Next is the data quality dependency. The Next is the data quality dependency. The quality of the generated responses quality of the generated responses quality of the generated responses heavily depends on the quality of the heavily depends on the quality of the heavily depends on the quality of the underlying data. The next challenge is underlying data. The next challenge is underlying data. The next challenge is complex integration. Integrating rack complex integration. Integrating rack complex integration. Integrating rack systems with existing applications and systems with existing applications and systems with existing applications and infrastructure can be challenging due to infrastructure can be challenging due to infrastructure can be challenging due to the need for data synchronization, query the need for data synchronization, query the need for data synchronization, query optimization and model management. And optimization and model management. And optimization and model management. And finally, scalability issues. As rack finally, scalability issues. As rack finally, scalability issues. As rack systems becomes more complex and are systems becomes more complex and are systems becomes more complex and are deployed at scale, they can face deployed at scale, they can face deployed at scale, they can face scalability issues. This includes scalability issues. This includes scalability issues. This includes handling increased query loads, handling increased query loads, handling increased query loads, maintaining data freshness, and ensuring maintaining data freshness, and ensuring maintaining data freshness, and ensuring model performance. Now, while rack faces model performance. Now, while rack faces model performance. Now, while rack faces limitations, its potential is limitations, its potential is limitations, its potential is undeniable. So now let's discuss Rag's undeniable. So now let's discuss Rag's undeniable. So now let's discuss Rag's future. The future of Rag holds immense future. The future of Rag holds immense future. The future of Rag holds immense potential. It will power dynamic potential. It will power dynamic potential. It will power dynamic real-time applications like new real-time applications like new real-time applications like new summarization, financial analytics, and summarization, financial analytics, and summarization, financial analytics, and live sports commentary. Rag will be live sports commentary. Rag will be live sports commentary. Rag will be customized for specific domains like customized for specific domains like customized for specific domains like healthcare, law, and science through healthcare, law, and science through healthcare, law, and science through integrations with specialized knowledge integrations with specialized knowledge integrations with specialized knowledge bases. Advances in retrieval models and bases. Advances in retrieval models and bases. Advances in retrieval models and compression techniques will reduce compression techniques will reduce compression techniques will reduce latency to enhance efficiency. RAG will latency to enhance efficiency. RAG will latency to enhance efficiency. RAG will expand to handle multimodel data expand to handle multimodel data expand to handle multimodel data enabling use cases like multimedia enabling use cases like multimedia enabling use cases like multimedia question answering. Additionally, RAG question answering. Additionally, RAG question answering. Additionally, RAG will facilitate personalized AI will facilitate personalized AI will facilitate personalized AI assistance and improve transparency and assistance and improve transparency and assistance and improve transparency and explanability by attributing sources and explanability by attributing sources and explanability by attributing sources and providing clear explanations. providing clear explanations. providing clear explanations. Now let us move on to generative AI Now let us move on to generative AI Now let us move on to generative AI project using rack. So imagine you're project using rack. So imagine you're project using rack. So imagine you're working with a massive library of working with a massive library of working with a massive library of documents. You need a way to quickly documents. You need a way to quickly documents. You need a way to quickly search and answer question based on the search and answer question based on the search and answer question based on the content. So manually flipping through content. So manually flipping through content. So manually flipping through pages takes time and effort. Wouldn't it pages takes time and effort. Wouldn't it pages takes time and effort. Wouldn't it be great to have a system that retrieves be great to have a system that retrieves be great to have a system that retrieves relevant information and answers your relevant information and answers your relevant information and answers your questions directly within those questions directly within those questions directly within those documents? So that's where our Streamlit documents? So that's where our Streamlit documents? So that's where our Streamlit app comes in. This app utilizes the app comes in. This app utilizes the app comes in. This app utilizes the power of natural language processing and power of natural language processing and power of natural language processing and advanced retrieval techniques to turn advanced retrieval techniques to turn advanced retrieval techniques to turn your complex document collections into a your complex document collections into a your complex document collections into a powerful question and answer system. So powerful question and answer system. So powerful question and answer system. So let's take a look at the code behind let's take a look at the code behind let's take a look at the code behind this app. This app will allow users to this app. This app will allow users to this app. This app will allow users to ask questions about a collection of PDFs ask questions about a collection of PDFs ask questions about a collection of PDFs and get answers directly from the and get answers directly from the and get answers directly from the documents using the power of natural documents using the power of natural documents using the power of natural language processing. Now, first let's language processing. Now, first let's language processing. Now, first let's create a virtual environment. Now, in create a virtual environment. Now, in create a virtual environment. Now, in the terminal, let's type the command for the terminal, let's type the command for the terminal, let's type the command for setting up the environment in your setting up the environment in your setting up the environment in your editor. For that, let's type create editor. For that, let's type create editor. For that, let's type create p. Let's type v E NV Python and its p. Let's type v E NV Python and its p. Let's type v E NV Python and its version give equal equal to 3.10 version give equal equal to 3.10 version give equal equal to 3.10 - Y. Okay, let's enter. - Y. Okay, let's enter. - Y. Okay, let's enter. In this command, the hyphen PB specifies In this command, the hyphen PB specifies In this command, the hyphen PB specifies the path and the environment name while the path and the environment name while the path and the environment name while hyphen Y skips the prompts for a hyphen Y skips the prompts for a hyphen Y skips the prompts for a smoother install. Now, while that's smoother install. Now, while that's smoother install. Now, while that's setting up, let's create a few essential setting up, let's create a few essential setting up, let's create a few essential files. files. files. So let's activate your new environment So let's activate your new environment So let's activate your new environment with the command cond activate with the command cond activate with the command cond activate v e n v and forward slash. v e n v and forward slash. v e n v and forward slash. So as you can see our environment is So as you can see our environment is So as you can see our environment is ready. Now let's import libraries. ready. Now let's import libraries. ready. Now let's import libraries. So let's start by importing the So let's start by importing the So let's start by importing the libraries we will need. In the first libraries we will need. In the first libraries we will need. In the first line we will import stream as st. line we will import stream as st. line we will import stream as st. This gives us access to all the This gives us access to all the This gives us access to all the functionalities of the stream lead for functionalities of the stream lead for functionalities of the stream lead for building our web app interface. So next building our web app interface. So next building our web app interface. So next we will import OS for various operating we will import OS for various operating we will import OS for various operating systems functionalities. systems functionalities. systems functionalities. After that now we will import libraries After that now we will import libraries After that now we will import libraries from langj which is a framework for from langj which is a framework for from langj which is a framework for building NLP pipelines. So we will use building NLP pipelines. So we will use building NLP pipelines. So we will use these for task like text splitting for these for task like text splitting for these for task like text splitting for document chain creation prompting document chain creation prompting document chain creation prompting retrieval and more. So we will explain retrieval and more. So we will explain retrieval and more. So we will explain each library in detail as we use them. each library in detail as we use them. each library in detail as we use them. So let's type from langchen_group So let's type from langchen_group So let's type from langchen_group import chat group that is gr import chat group that is gr import chat group that is gr and next we will type from and next we will type from and next we will type from langin.extplitter import import import recursive character text splitter. So recursive character text splitter. So recursive character text splitter. So let's type recursive character text let's type recursive character text let's type recursive character text splitter. Again let us type from splitter. Again let us type from splitter. Again let us type from langchain.tchains langchain.tchains langchain.tchains dot combine documents dot combine documents dot combine documents import import import create start documents chain again from create start documents chain again from create start documents chain again from lang chain code.prompts prompts. Let's lang chain code.prompts prompts. Let's lang chain code.prompts prompts. Let's import import import create retrieval chain. Next, import f create retrieval chain. Next, import f create retrieval chain. Next, import f import fis from lankchain community dot vector from lankchain community dot vector from lankchain community dot vector stores. So this will help us to create a stores. So this will help us to create a stores. So this will help us to create a vector index for efficient document vector index for efficient document vector index for efficient document retrieval. So let us type from lchain retrieval. So let us type from lchain retrieval. So let us type from lchain community.vector Vector stores, import, community.vector Vector stores, import, community.vector Vector stores, import, f ais. f ais. f ais. Similar imports will follow for other Similar imports will follow for other Similar imports will follow for other functionalities like document loading functionalities like document loading functionalities like document loading and generating embedding. But we will and generating embedding. But we will and generating embedding. But we will introduce them as they appear in the introduce them as they appear in the introduce them as they appear in the code. But before this go to the group code. But before this go to the group code. But before this go to the group cloud website and on your left you have cloud website and on your left you have cloud website and on your left you have API key option. So select and create API key option. So select and create API key option. So select and create your API key your API key your API key and copy this. And if you want to check and copy this. And if you want to check and copy this. And if you want to check your model then go to the playground and your model then go to the playground and your model then go to the playground and at the top right corner click on the at the top right corner click on the at the top right corner click on the llama model and check there are so many llama model and check there are so many llama model and check there are so many of them latest also. So choose your of them latest also. So choose your of them latest also. So choose your model and generate your free API. Now go model and generate your free API. Now go model and generate your free API. Now go to the terminal and paste it inv file to the terminal and paste it inv file to the terminal and paste it inv file using variable group API key. using variable group API key. using variable group API key. Now again go to the Gemini AI studio. On Now again go to the Gemini AI studio. On Now again go to the Gemini AI studio. On your right you have the create API your right you have the create API your right you have the create API option. So select your model and create option. So select your model and create option. So select your model and create your API key. Now now copy the key and paste it into your now copy the key and paste it into your now copy the key and paste it into your environment variable that is the env environment variable that is the env environment variable that is the env file using a variable Google file using a variable Google file using a variable Google API key and paste it here. API key and paste it here. API key and paste it here. Now we will load environment variables Now we will load environment variables Now we will load environment variables from a env file that will securely store from a env file that will securely store from a env file that will securely store our API keys. So for that use env to our API keys. So for that use env to our API keys. So for that use env to achieve this. Let's type from env import achieve this. Let's type from env import achieve this. Let's type from env import load load load env. Also let's type load env function. env. Also let's type load env function. env. Also let's type load env function. Next we use OS to retrieve the gro API Next we use OS to retrieve the gro API Next we use OS to retrieve the gro API key and Google API key from the key and Google API key from the key and Google API key from the environment variables.get env. So let us environment variables.get env. So let us environment variables.get env. So let us type type type gr gr gr api_key api_key api_key equal to os dot get env and inside the equal to os dot get env and inside the equal to os dot get env and inside the function let's type it as gr oq api key function let's type it as gr oq api key function let's type it as gr oq api key and inside the single code let us type and inside the single code let us type and inside the single code let us type gr oq api key gr oq api key gr oq api key and in the next line let us type o dot e and in the next line let us type o dot e and in the next line let us type o dot e n v i r n and and inside the bracket n v i r n and and inside the bracket n v i r n and and inside the bracket under double quotes let us type Google under double quotes let us type Google under double quotes let us type Google API key and equal to OS dot get env let us type google API key. So here let us type google API key. So here let us type google API key. So here these keys are the required to use these keys are the required to use these keys are the required to use specific NLP services. Now let us write specific NLP services. Now let us write specific NLP services. Now let us write code for displaying app title and code for displaying app title and code for displaying app title and images. So for that load your image. images. So for that load your image. images. So for that load your image. Since I'm using edureka image name Since I'm using edureka image name Since I'm using edureka image name edureka.png along with the app title edureka.png along with the app title edureka.png along with the app title edureka document question and answer we edureka document question and answer we edureka document question and answer we will use st. image and st.title for this will use st. image and st.title for this will use st. image and st.title for this purpose. So for that let us type purpose. So for that let us type purpose. So for that let us type stimage. stimage. stimage. So inside the double quotes let us keep So inside the double quotes let us keep So inside the double quotes let us keep the image name and comma width is equal the image name and comma width is equal the image name and comma width is equal to 200. And let us also keep the title. to 200. And let us also keep the title. to 200. And let us also keep the title. So for that st.itle So for that st.itle So for that st.itle and let us type edure document question and let us type edure document question and let us type edure document question and answers. Now the next step is to and answers. Now the next step is to and answers. Now the next step is to initialize chat group and prompt initialize chat group and prompt initialize chat group and prompt template. Now it's time to interact with template. Now it's time to interact with template. Now it's time to interact with the lang chain group API. So initialize the lang chain group API. So initialize the lang chain group API. So initialize the chat group object using group API the chat group object using group API the chat group object using group API key and specify the llama 38b8192 key and specify the llama 38b8192 key and specify the llama 38b8192 which is the language model we will be which is the language model we will be which is the language model we will be using for our NLP task. So for that let using for our NLP task. So for that let using for our NLP task. So for that let us type lm equal to chat group and us type lm equal to chat group and us type lm equal to chat group and inside the bracket give the group API inside the bracket give the group API inside the bracket give the group API key equal to group key equal to group key equal to group API API API key comma we will give the model name as key comma we will give the model name as key comma we will give the model name as well. So for that type model name equal well. So for that type model name equal well. So for that type model name equal to and inside the double quotes give the to and inside the double quotes give the to and inside the double quotes give the model name. So here we are using llama 3 model name. So here we are using llama 3 model name. So here we are using llama 3 - 8b - 819. - 8b - 819. - 8b - 819. All right. Now let us define a prompt All right. Now let us define a prompt All right. Now let us define a prompt template using chat prompt template. So template using chat prompt template. So template using chat prompt template. So this template ensures that AI responses this template ensures that AI responses this template ensures that AI responses are based on the context provided and are based on the context provided and are based on the context provided and user questions. So keeping answers user questions. So keeping answers user questions. So keeping answers accurate and concise. So for that we accurate and concise. So for that we accurate and concise. So for that we will type prompt equal to chat prompt will type prompt equal to chat prompt will type prompt equal to chat prompt template dot from template and inside template dot from template and inside template dot from template and inside the bracket let us paste the prompt. So the bracket let us paste the prompt. So the bracket let us paste the prompt. So here we have the prompt which says here we have the prompt which says here we have the prompt which says please answer the question strictly please answer the question strictly please answer the question strictly based on the provided context. Also based on the provided context. Also based on the provided context. Also ensure the response is accurate, concise ensure the response is accurate, concise ensure the response is accurate, concise and directly addresses the question. Now and directly addresses the question. Now and directly addresses the question. Now let's create function for embedding let's create function for embedding let's create function for embedding vectors. For that let's define vector vectors. For that let's define vector vectors. For that let's define vector embedding function. So type def vector embedding function. So type def vector embedding function. So type def vector embedding function and give colon. embedding function and give colon. embedding function and give colon. Next in the next line give if and under Next in the next line give if and under Next in the next line give if and under the double quotes give vectors not in st the double quotes give vectors not in st the double quotes give vectors not in st dot session state dot session state dot session state colon then type st dot session state dot colon then type st dot session state dot colon then type st dot session state dot embeddings equal to Google generative AI embeddings equal to Google generative AI embeddings equal to Google generative AI embeddings embeddings embeddings give equal to Google generative AI give equal to Google generative AI give equal to Google generative AI embeddings embeddings embeddings AI cats and inside In the bracket give AI cats and inside In the bracket give AI cats and inside In the bracket give the model equal to and inside the double the model equal to and inside the double the model equal to and inside the double quotes let us type models forward slash quotes let us type models forward slash quotes let us type models forward slash embedding -001. embedding -001. embedding -001. Now make a folder where you will load Now make a folder where you will load Now make a folder where you will load your PDF. So I am creating ed PDF and your PDF. So I am creating ed PDF and your PDF. So I am creating ed PDF and paste your PDF here. Now set the paste your PDF here. Now set the paste your PDF here. Now set the session. So that is let us type st. session. So that is let us type st. session. So that is let us type st. session state.loader loader equal to py session state.loader loader equal to py session state.loader loader equal to py pdf pdf pdf directory loader. Here inside the double directory loader. Here inside the double directory loader. Here inside the double quotes let us paste the path of the pdf. quotes let us paste the path of the pdf. quotes let us paste the path of the pdf. Next is the data ingestion. For that let Next is the data ingestion. For that let Next is the data ingestion. For that let us type sd dot session_state us type sd dot session_state us type sd dot session_state dod docs equal to sd dot session equal to sd dot session equal to sd dot session state state state dot loader dot load function. dot loader dot load function. dot loader dot load function. So this particular line of code is for So this particular line of code is for So this particular line of code is for data injection and here this particular data injection and here this particular data injection and here this particular line is for document loading. Next let line is for document loading. Next let line is for document loading. Next let us type st dot session us type st dot session us type st dot session state dot texts spplitter state dot texts spplitter state dot texts spplitter and give equal to recursive and give equal to recursive and give equal to recursive character text splitter and inside the character text splitter and inside the character text splitter and inside the bracket let us give chunk size and bracket let us give chunk size and bracket let us give chunk size and mention the size here I'll give equal mention the size here I'll give equal mention the size here I'll give equal to,000 and comma chunk_lap to,000 and comma chunk_lap to,000 and comma chunk_lap is equal to 200. is equal to 200. is equal to 200. Now here these are for the chunk Now here these are for the chunk Now here these are for the chunk creation. creation. creation. Now let us type ST dot session Now let us type ST dot session Now let us type ST dot session state dotfal documents state dotfal documents state dotfal documents equal to st dot session state dot equal to st dot session state dot equal to st dot session state dot textsplitter textsplitter textsplitter dotsplit dotsplit dotsplit documents. Now inside a bracket let us documents. Now inside a bracket let us documents. Now inside a bracket let us give stession give stession give stession state dot docs. Let us give bracket state dot docs. Let us give bracket state dot docs. Let us give bracket colon 20. So this line of code is for colon 20. So this line of code is for colon 20. So this line of code is for splitting. Now let us type st dot splitting. Now let us type st dot splitting. Now let us type st dot session session session state dot vectors state dot vectors state dot vectors equal to fis equal to fis equal to fis dot from documents dot from documents dot from documents and inside the bracket let us again type and inside the bracket let us again type and inside the bracket let us again type st. dot session state dotfal documents st. dot session state dotfal documents st. dot session state dotfal documents comma type st dot session comma type st dot session comma type st dot session state dot embeddings. state dot embeddings. state dot embeddings. Okay. So this line of code is for vector Okay. So this line of code is for vector Okay. So this line of code is for vector openi embeddings. Now to input field for openi embeddings. Now to input field for openi embeddings. Now to input field for question let us type prompt one. So give question let us type prompt one. So give question let us type prompt one. So give prompt one equal to st.ext_imp text_imp prompt one equal to st.ext_imp text_imp prompt one equal to st.ext_imp text_imp import and let us type here enter your import and let us type here enter your import and let us type here enter your questions from any document. questions from any document. questions from any document. Now to create a button to load Now to create a button to load Now to create a button to load embeddings let us type if st dotbutton embeddings let us type if st dotbutton embeddings let us type if st dotbutton and inside the function let us give and inside the function let us give and inside the function let us give under the double quotes load edure db under the double quotes load edure db under the double quotes load edure db give colon and in the next line let us give colon and in the next line let us give colon and in the next line let us type vector embedding function next type type vector embedding function next type type vector embedding function next type dot success dot success dot success and the message would be edureka db is and the message would be edureka db is and the message would be edureka db is ready for queries ready for queries ready for queries if the question is asked then if prompt if the question is asked then if prompt if the question is asked then if prompt one is true then Type document chain one is true then Type document chain one is true then Type document chain equal to create_star document chain and inside the bracket document chain and inside the bracket document chain and inside the bracket let us give llm comma prompt and in the let us give llm comma prompt and in the let us give llm comma prompt and in the next line to retrieve let us type next line to retrieve let us type next line to retrieve let us type retriever equal to retriever equal to retriever equal to st dot session st dot session st dot session state dot vectors state dot vectors state dot vectors retriever function and in the next line retriever function and in the next line retriever function and in the next line let us type retrieval_chain let us type retrieval_chain let us type retrieval_chain equal to create retrieval_chain equal to create retrieval_chain equal to create retrieval_chain and inside the bracket let us give and inside the bracket let us give and inside the bracket let us give retriever document chain. Now to measure retriever document chain. Now to measure retriever document chain. Now to measure response time let us type start equal to response time let us type start equal to response time let us type start equal to time dot time dot time dot process process process time function. So for response type time function. So for response type time function. So for response type response equal to retrieval_chain dot invoke and inside the bracket give dot invoke and inside the bracket give dot invoke and inside the bracket give input prompt one input prompt one input prompt one and in the next line let us type and in the next line let us type and in the next line let us type response time equal to time dotprosc response time equal to time dotprosc response time equal to time dotprosc time function time function time function start. Next let us write code to display start. Next let us write code to display start. Next let us write code to display the response. So for that let us type st the response. So for that let us type st the response. So for that let us type st dot markdown and inside the bracket let dot markdown and inside the bracket let dot markdown and inside the bracket let us keep it as AI response. us keep it as AI response. us keep it as AI response. Now in the next line let us type st dots Now in the next line let us type st dots Now in the next line let us type st dots success success success and inside the bracket give response and inside the bracket give response and inside the bracket give response and give answer inside the single quotes and give answer inside the single quotes and give answer inside the single quotes and in the next line write st dot write. and in the next line write st dot write. and in the next line write st dot write. Let us type f inside the bracket and and Let us type f inside the bracket and and Let us type f inside the bracket and and inside the flower bracket let us type as inside the flower bracket let us type as inside the flower bracket let us type as response time colon 2f and seconds. Now response time colon 2f and seconds. Now response time colon 2f and seconds. Now moving on let us write the code to moving on let us write the code to moving on let us write the code to display similar documents in an display similar documents in an display similar documents in an expander. So for that let us type with expander. So for that let us type with expander. So for that let us type with st.expander st.expander st.expander inside the bracket under double quotes inside the bracket under double quotes inside the bracket under double quotes type document similarity search results type document similarity search results type document similarity search results and give colon. And in the next line let and give colon. And in the next line let and give colon. And in the next line let us type st dot markdown and inside the us type st dot markdown and inside the us type st dot markdown and inside the bracket let us type it as below are the bracket let us type it as below are the bracket let us type it as below are the most relevant document chunks. So type most relevant document chunks. So type most relevant document chunks. So type below are the most relevant document below are the most relevant document below are the most relevant document chunks. Give colon inside the bracket. chunks. Give colon inside the bracket. chunks. Give colon inside the bracket. Close the double quotes and come to next Close the double quotes and come to next Close the double quotes and come to next line. Here let us type for i comm, dot line. Here let us type for i comm, dot line. Here let us type for i comm, dot in en in en in en in en in en in en in in en in en in en in en in en in en in in en in en in en in en in en in en in en in en in en in en in enumerate and en in en in en in en in enumerate and en in en in en in en in enumerate and inside the function give response dot inside the function give response dot inside the function give response dot get context. Now in the next line let us type st dot Now in the next line let us type st dot Now in the next line let us type st dot markdown markdown markdown and inside the bracket keep f and let us and inside the bracket keep f and let us and inside the bracket keep f and let us give the html tag which is div class is give the html tag which is div class is give the html tag which is div class is equal to card and open the p tag and equal to card and open the p tag and equal to card and open the p tag and inside the p tag let us keep doc dot inside the p tag let us keep doc dot inside the p tag let us keep doc dot page content and now close the p tag. page content and now close the p tag. page content and now close the p tag. Now let us close the div tag as well. Now let us close the div tag as well. Now let us close the div tag as well. Now let us come outside the triple code Now let us come outside the triple code Now let us come outside the triple code and give comma and type unsaved_all and give comma and type unsaved_all and give comma and type unsaved_all allow allow allow html equal to true. html equal to true. html equal to true. So you can also add inline styles and So you can also add inline styles and So you can also add inline styles and HTML tags and also icons and emojis to HTML tags and also icons and emojis to HTML tags and also icons and emojis to make your application fabulous for the make your application fabulous for the make your application fabulous for the user. Now it's time for testing. For user. Now it's time for testing. For user. Now it's time for testing. For that open your terminal and write that open your terminal and write that open your terminal and write streamlit run and give your file name. streamlit run and give your file name. streamlit run and give your file name. So once you enter and there we go here's So once you enter and there we go here's So once you enter and there we go here's our document question and answer loader. our document question and answer loader. our document question and answer loader. Now select the question from the PDF you Now select the question from the PDF you Now select the question from the PDF you have loaded in the file and ask your have loaded in the file and ask your have loaded in the file and ask your loader. loader. loader. So as you can see this is my PDF. So I'm So as you can see this is my PDF. So I'm So as you can see this is my PDF. So I'm going to copy some question from here. going to copy some question from here. going to copy some question from here. So let me just copy this. Okay once So let me just copy this. Okay once So let me just copy this. Okay once copied. So I'm going to paste it here. copied. So I'm going to paste it here. copied. So I'm going to paste it here. So I'm going to click on the load eda So I'm going to click on the load eda So I'm going to click on the load eda DB. So guys as you can see it provides DB. So guys as you can see it provides DB. So guys as you can see it provides an answer in context given in the video. an answer in context given in the video. an answer in context given in the video. So this is our answer that it has So this is our answer that it has So this is our answer that it has generated. So that's all we have used generated. So that's all we have used generated. So that's all we have used simple Python code and languin simple Python code and languin simple Python code and languin techniques of rack and some inline HTML techniques of rack and some inline HTML techniques of rack and some inline HTML and styles. Have you ever wondered how massive AI Have you ever wondered how massive AI Have you ever wondered how massive AI models like Chat GPD are managed and models like Chat GPD are managed and models like Chat GPD are managed and optimized? That's where LLM ops, which optimized? That's where LLM ops, which optimized? That's where LLM ops, which stands for large language model stands for large language model stands for large language model operations, comes in. LLM ops is a key operations, comes in. LLM ops is a key operations, comes in. LLM ops is a key to training, deploying, and scaling to training, deploying, and scaling to training, deploying, and scaling large AI models efficiently while large AI models efficiently while large AI models efficiently while keeping cost low and performance high. keeping cost low and performance high. keeping cost low and performance high. It ensures faster responses, ethical AI, It ensures faster responses, ethical AI, It ensures faster responses, ethical AI, and seamless integration into real world and seamless integration into real world and seamless integration into real world applications. Large language model applications. Large language model applications. Large language model operations is a set of practices, tools operations is a set of practices, tools operations is a set of practices, tools and frameworks designed to efficiently and frameworks designed to efficiently and frameworks designed to efficiently manage, deploy and maintain large manage, deploy and maintain large manage, deploy and maintain large language models like chat GPD, cler and language models like chat GPD, cler and language models like chat GPD, cler and Gemini in real world applications. Just Gemini in real world applications. Just Gemini in real world applications. Just like MLOps streamlines the development like MLOps streamlines the development like MLOps streamlines the development of machine learning models, LLM ops of machine learning models, LLM ops of machine learning models, LLM ops optimizes the life cycle of LLMs from optimizes the life cycle of LLMs from optimizes the life cycle of LLMs from data processing and training to data processing and training to data processing and training to deployment and monitoring. Now that you deployment and monitoring. Now that you deployment and monitoring. Now that you know what LLM ops is, so let's explore know what LLM ops is, so let's explore know what LLM ops is, so let's explore why it's important. why it's important. why it's important. As LLMs become widely integrated into As LLMs become widely integrated into As LLMs become widely integrated into business applications, customers support business applications, customers support business applications, customers support chat bots, content generation tools, and chat bots, content generation tools, and chat bots, content generation tools, and automation systems. They need to be automation systems. They need to be automation systems. They need to be continuously monitored and optimized. continuously monitored and optimized. continuously monitored and optimized. Without proper LLM ops practices, large Without proper LLM ops practices, large Without proper LLM ops practices, large language models can become inefficient, language models can become inefficient, language models can become inefficient, leading to slower response times and leading to slower response times and leading to slower response times and increased computational costs. So, they increased computational costs. So, they increased computational costs. So, they may also become unreliable, generating may also become unreliable, generating may also become unreliable, generating outdated or biased outputs that impact outdated or biased outputs that impact outdated or biased outputs that impact user trust and decision making. user trust and decision making. user trust and decision making. Additionally, these models can be Additionally, these models can be Additionally, these models can be difficult to scale and struggle to difficult to scale and struggle to difficult to scale and struggle to handle increasingly user demand which handle increasingly user demand which handle increasingly user demand which can result in performance bottlenecks can result in performance bottlenecks can result in performance bottlenecks and degraded user experience. For and degraded user experience. For and degraded user experience. For example, imagine running strd like AI on example, imagine running strd like AI on example, imagine running strd like AI on a customer support chatbot. Without LLM a customer support chatbot. Without LLM a customer support chatbot. Without LLM ops, responses would be slow, ops, responses would be slow, ops, responses would be slow, repetitive, and expensive. LLM ops repetitive, and expensive. LLM ops repetitive, and expensive. LLM ops optimized the entire workflow. So now optimized the entire workflow. So now optimized the entire workflow. So now that we understand why LLM ops is that we understand why LLM ops is that we understand why LLM ops is important, so let's take a look at how important, so let's take a look at how important, so let's take a look at how it differ from MLOps and what makes it it differ from MLOps and what makes it it differ from MLOps and what makes it unique. All right. So LLM ops is a unique. All right. So LLM ops is a unique. All right. So LLM ops is a specialized branch of MLOps. But it is specialized branch of MLOps. But it is specialized branch of MLOps. But it is tailored for large scale language models tailored for large scale language models tailored for large scale language models rather than traditional machine learning rather than traditional machine learning rather than traditional machine learning models. So here are the key differences models. So here are the key differences models. So here are the key differences between LLM ops and MLOps. between LLM ops and MLOps. between LLM ops and MLOps. LLM ops differs from MLOps in several LLM ops differs from MLOps in several LLM ops differs from MLOps in several key aspects. So in terms of data key aspects. So in terms of data key aspects. So in terms of data complexity, LLM ops require vast amounts complexity, LLM ops require vast amounts complexity, LLM ops require vast amounts of diverse text data whereas MLOps of diverse text data whereas MLOps of diverse text data whereas MLOps typically works with structured or typically works with structured or typically works with structured or tabular data. Next, compute power is tabular data. Next, compute power is tabular data. Next, compute power is another major differences as training another major differences as training another major differences as training LLM depends high performance GPUs and LLM depends high performance GPUs and LLM depends high performance GPUs and massive cloud resources while massive cloud resources while massive cloud resources while traditional ML models generally require traditional ML models generally require traditional ML models generally require lower compute power. And when it comes lower compute power. And when it comes lower compute power. And when it comes to real-time processing, LLM ops to real-time processing, LLM ops to real-time processing, LLM ops necessitate scalable deployment to necessitate scalable deployment to necessitate scalable deployment to handle continuous inference. handle continuous inference. handle continuous inference. efficiently, whereas MLOps often relies efficiently, whereas MLOps often relies efficiently, whereas MLOps often relies on batch processing or periodic on batch processing or periodic on batch processing or periodic inferences. Lastly, ethical and bias inferences. Lastly, ethical and bias inferences. Lastly, ethical and bias considerations are more prominent in LRM considerations are more prominent in LRM considerations are more prominent in LRM ops, requiring constant monitoring to ops, requiring constant monitoring to ops, requiring constant monitoring to detect and mitigate biases and detect and mitigate biases and detect and mitigate biases and misleading outputs. Whereas bias misleading outputs. Whereas bias misleading outputs. Whereas bias monitoring in MLOps is important but monitoring in MLOps is important but monitoring in MLOps is important but generally less complex compared to LLMs. generally less complex compared to LLMs. generally less complex compared to LLMs. Next, let us see how LLM ops works. So Next, let us see how LLM ops works. So Next, let us see how LLM ops works. So LLM ops follows a structured workflow to LLM ops follows a structured workflow to LLM ops follows a structured workflow to ensure the efficient management of large ensure the efficient management of large ensure the efficient management of large language models. So it begins with data language models. So it begins with data language models. So it begins with data collection and pre-processing where collection and pre-processing where collection and pre-processing where large text data sets are cleaned and large text data sets are cleaned and large text data sets are cleaned and structured for training. Next, model structured for training. Next, model structured for training. Next, model training and fine-tuning help the AI training and fine-tuning help the AI training and fine-tuning help the AI learn to understand and generate text learn to understand and generate text learn to understand and generate text effectively. Once trained, the model effectively. Once trained, the model effectively. Once trained, the model moves to deployment where it is run on moves to deployment where it is run on moves to deployment where it is run on cloud servers, edge devices or APIs for cloud servers, edge devices or APIs for cloud servers, edge devices or APIs for real world applications. And during real world applications. And during real world applications. And during inferences and optimization, the model's inferences and optimization, the model's inferences and optimization, the model's response speed is improved while response speed is improved while response speed is improved while minimizing computational cost. Next, minimizing computational cost. Next, minimizing computational cost. Next, monitoring and feedback loops play a monitoring and feedback loops play a monitoring and feedback loops play a crucial role in tracking performance and crucial role in tracking performance and crucial role in tracking performance and making adjustment based on real world making adjustment based on real world making adjustment based on real world usage. Finally, continuous improvement usage. Finally, continuous improvement usage. Finally, continuous improvement ensures the model remains relevant by ensures the model remains relevant by ensures the model remains relevant by updating it periodically with fresh updating it periodically with fresh updating it periodically with fresh data. And here are some real world data. And here are some real world data. And here are some real world examples. Companies like Open AI, Google examples. Companies like Open AI, Google examples. Companies like Open AI, Google and Meta use LLM ops to maintain their and Meta use LLM ops to maintain their and Meta use LLM ops to maintain their AI products without frequent manual AI products without frequent manual AI products without frequent manual retraining. So now that we understand retraining. So now that we understand retraining. So now that we understand how LLM ops works, so let's explore some how LLM ops works, so let's explore some how LLM ops works, so let's explore some of the popular tools and frameworks that of the popular tools and frameworks that of the popular tools and frameworks that make it possible to manage and optimize make it possible to manage and optimize make it possible to manage and optimize large language models efficiently. LLM large language models efficiently. LLM large language models efficiently. LLM ops professionally rely on specialized ops professionally rely on specialized ops professionally rely on specialized tools to manage the model life cycle tools to manage the model life cycle tools to manage the model life cycle efficiently. So one of the top three efficiently. So one of the top three efficiently. So one of the top three most popular platforms is hugging face most popular platforms is hugging face most popular platforms is hugging face an open-source tool for NLP and an open-source tool for NLP and an open-source tool for NLP and transformer models. ML flows is widely transformer models. ML flows is widely transformer models. ML flows is widely used for tracking experiments model used for tracking experiments model used for tracking experiments model versions and training metrics. While versions and training metrics. While versions and training metrics. While CubeFlow provides a scalable MLOps CubeFlow provides a scalable MLOps CubeFlow provides a scalable MLOps framework for deploying AI in Kubernetes framework for deploying AI in Kubernetes framework for deploying AI in Kubernetes and companies use a combination of these and companies use a combination of these and companies use a combination of these tools to streamline their LLM ops tools to streamline their LLM ops tools to streamline their LLM ops pipelines and ensure smooth deployment. pipelines and ensure smooth deployment. pipelines and ensure smooth deployment. Now that we have covered the tools and Now that we have covered the tools and Now that we have covered the tools and frameworks used in LLM ops, next let's frameworks used in LLM ops, next let's frameworks used in LLM ops, next let's explore the career opportunities and the explore the career opportunities and the explore the career opportunities and the future prospects in this rapidly growing future prospects in this rapidly growing future prospects in this rapidly growing field. LLM ops is a rapidly growing field. LLM ops is a rapidly growing field. LLM ops is a rapidly growing field with a high demand for skilled field with a high demand for skilled field with a high demand for skilled professionals. A machine learning professionals. A machine learning professionals. A machine learning engineer focuses on designing and engineer focuses on designing and engineer focuses on designing and optimizing LLM models, ensuring their optimizing LLM models, ensuring their optimizing LLM models, ensuring their frequency and effectiveness. An AI frequency and effectiveness. An AI frequency and effectiveness. An AI product manager oversees AI model product manager oversees AI model product manager oversees AI model deployment for businesses, ensuring deployment for businesses, ensuring deployment for businesses, ensuring smooth integration into real world smooth integration into real world smooth integration into real world applications. The role of LLM ops applications. The role of LLM ops applications. The role of LLM ops engineer involves managing AI engineer involves managing AI engineer involves managing AI infrastructure and scaling models for infrastructure and scaling models for infrastructure and scaling models for optimal performance. And if you have a optimal performance. And if you have a optimal performance. And if you have a background in machine learning, cloud background in machine learning, cloud background in machine learning, cloud computing or DevOps, transitioning into computing or DevOps, transitioning into computing or DevOps, transitioning into LLM ops is a great move. LLM ops is a great move. LLM ops is a great move. So, LM Ops plays a crucial role in So, LM Ops plays a crucial role in So, LM Ops plays a crucial role in managing large AI models efficiently, managing large AI models efficiently, managing large AI models efficiently, ensuring optimal performance, reduce ensuring optimal performance, reduce ensuring optimal performance, reduce cost and ethical AI development. By cost and ethical AI development. By cost and ethical AI development. By leveraging top tools like hugging face, leveraging top tools like hugging face, leveraging top tools like hugging face, ML flow and cube flow, professionals can ML flow and cube flow, professionals can ML flow and cube flow, professionals can streamline model training, deployment, streamline model training, deployment, streamline model training, deployment, and monitoring. And with the increasing and monitoring. And with the increasing and monitoring. And with the increasing adaption of AI across industries, career adaption of AI across industries, career adaption of AI across industries, career opportunities in LLM ops are booming, opportunities in LLM ops are booming, opportunities in LLM ops are booming, making it an exciting and rewarding making it an exciting and rewarding making it an exciting and rewarding field for AI enthusiast looking to build field for AI enthusiast looking to build field for AI enthusiast looking to build a future in artificial intelligence. And a future in artificial intelligence. And a future in artificial intelligence. And what do you think about LLM ops? Drop what do you think about LLM ops? Drop what do you think about LLM ops? Drop your answers in the comments. Prompt engineering is an interesting Prompt engineering is an interesting Prompt engineering is an interesting field that combines artificial field that combines artificial field that combines artificial intelligence and human language intelligence and human language intelligence and human language understanding. In this field, understanding. In this field, understanding. In this field, professionals and researchers work to professionals and researchers work to professionals and researchers work to create prompts or instructions that create prompts or instructions that create prompts or instructions that effectively guide AI systems to produce effectively guide AI systems to produce effectively guide AI systems to produce the expected outcome. Whether it's the expected outcome. Whether it's the expected outcome. Whether it's fine-tuning language model, designing fine-tuning language model, designing fine-tuning language model, designing prompts for specific tasks, or prompts for specific tasks, or prompts for specific tasks, or optimizing human machine communication, optimizing human machine communication, optimizing human machine communication, prompt engineering is crucial for prompt engineering is crucial for prompt engineering is crucial for leveraging the power of AI for a variety leveraging the power of AI for a variety leveraging the power of AI for a variety of applications. Imagine you're of applications. Imagine you're of applications. Imagine you're developing a virtual assistant developing a virtual assistant developing a virtual assistant application using a large language model application using a large language model application using a large language model such as GP3. The goal is to provide such as GP3. The goal is to provide such as GP3. The goal is to provide users with an engaging and helpful users with an engaging and helpful users with an engaging and helpful experience by designing effective experience by designing effective experience by designing effective prompts that generate informative and prompts that generate informative and prompts that generate informative and relevant responses from the model. So relevant responses from the model. So relevant responses from the model. So let's consider a scenario in which the let's consider a scenario in which the let's consider a scenario in which the virtual assistant assists users with the virtual assistant assists users with the virtual assistant assists users with the travel planning. So here's how prompt travel planning. So here's how prompt travel planning. So here's how prompt engineering plays a major part. So the engineering plays a major part. So the engineering plays a major part. So the scenario is you're planning a trip to scenario is you're planning a trip to scenario is you're planning a trip to Paris and want the virtual assistant to Paris and want the virtual assistant to Paris and want the virtual assistant to provide recommendations for activities, provide recommendations for activities, provide recommendations for activities, restaurants and landmarks to visit restaurants and landmarks to visit restaurants and landmarks to visit during your stay. So let's say you're during your stay. So let's say you're during your stay. So let's say you're looking for a help with a traditional looking for a help with a traditional looking for a help with a traditional prompt and you ask for what should I do prompt and you ask for what should I do prompt and you ask for what should I do in Paris and virtual assistant will in Paris and virtual assistant will in Paris and virtual assistant will assist you here like here are some assist you here like here are some assist you here like here are some recommendations for activities in Paris recommendations for activities in Paris recommendations for activities in Paris and here's how the enhanced prompt and here's how the enhanced prompt and here's how the enhanced prompt through prompt engineering respond to through prompt engineering respond to through prompt engineering respond to your queries. So if you input a query your queries. So if you input a query your queries. So if you input a query that goes like hey there I'm super that goes like hey there I'm super that goes like hey there I'm super excited about my upcoming trip to Paris. excited about my upcoming trip to Paris. excited about my upcoming trip to Paris. So could you please recommend some must So could you please recommend some must So could you please recommend some must visit places and activities for me then visit places and activities for me then visit places and activities for me then the virtual assistant will generate the the virtual assistant will generate the the virtual assistant will generate the response as something like this. So of response as something like this. So of response as something like this. So of course Paris is an amazing city with so course Paris is an amazing city with so course Paris is an amazing city with so much to offer. So here are some must much to offer. So here are some must much to offer. So here are some must visit places and activities and it visit places and activities and it visit places and activities and it continues with the explanation about continues with the explanation about continues with the explanation about each place. I hope you got the idea of each place. I hope you got the idea of each place. I hope you got the idea of how enhanced prompt provides users with how enhanced prompt provides users with how enhanced prompt provides users with an engaging and helpful experience by an engaging and helpful experience by an engaging and helpful experience by designing effective prompts that designing effective prompts that designing effective prompts that generate informative and relevant generate informative and relevant generate informative and relevant responses from the model. So now let us responses from the model. So now let us responses from the model. So now let us understand what exactly is prompt understand what exactly is prompt understand what exactly is prompt engineering. Prompt engineering is a engineering. Prompt engineering is a engineering. Prompt engineering is a method used in natural language method used in natural language method used in natural language processing that is NLP and machine processing that is NLP and machine processing that is NLP and machine learning. It's all about crafting clear learning. It's all about crafting clear learning. It's all about crafting clear and precise instruction to interact with and precise instruction to interact with and precise instruction to interact with large language model like GPT3 or B. So large language model like GPT3 or B. So large language model like GPT3 or B. So this models can generate humanlike this models can generate humanlike this models can generate humanlike responses based on the prompts they responses based on the prompts they responses based on the prompts they receive. Think of prompt engineering as receive. Think of prompt engineering as receive. Think of prompt engineering as giving direction to these models. By giving direction to these models. By giving direction to these models. By crafting specific and concise prompts, crafting specific and concise prompts, crafting specific and concise prompts, we guide them to produce the response we we guide them to produce the response we we guide them to produce the response we want. So to do this effectively, we need want. So to do this effectively, we need want. So to do this effectively, we need to understand the capabilities of the to understand the capabilities of the to understand the capabilities of the model and the problem we are trying to model and the problem we are trying to model and the problem we are trying to solve. Fine-tuning prompts allows solve. Fine-tuning prompts allows solve. Fine-tuning prompts allows researchers and developers to improve researchers and developers to improve researchers and developers to improve the performance and usability of LLMS the performance and usability of LLMS the performance and usability of LLMS for a variety of applications including for a variety of applications including for a variety of applications including text generation, question answering, text generation, question answering, text generation, question answering, language translations and others. language translations and others. language translations and others. Effective prompts engineering Effective prompts engineering Effective prompts engineering necessitates a thorough understanding of necessitates a thorough understanding of necessitates a thorough understanding of the underlying models capabilities as the underlying models capabilities as the underlying models capabilities as well as the problem domain and desired well as the problem domain and desired well as the problem domain and desired result. Now let's find out why prompt result. Now let's find out why prompt result. Now let's find out why prompt engineering matters for AI. So prompt engineering matters for AI. So prompt engineering matters for AI. So prompt engineering is important in AI because engineering is important in AI because engineering is important in AI because it improves model performance, it improves model performance, it improves model performance, customization and reliability. By customization and reliability. By customization and reliability. By creating clear and tailored prompts, creating clear and tailored prompts, creating clear and tailored prompts, developers can help AI models produce developers can help AI models produce developers can help AI models produce more accurate and relevant result, more accurate and relevant result, more accurate and relevant result, reduce biases, improve user experience reduce biases, improve user experience reduce biases, improve user experience and address ethical concerns. In simple and address ethical concerns. In simple and address ethical concerns. In simple terms, prompt engineering ensures that terms, prompt engineering ensures that terms, prompt engineering ensures that AI system produce useful and reliable AI system produce useful and reliable AI system produce useful and reliable result that meets the needs of users result that meets the needs of users result that meets the needs of users while adhering to ethical principles. So while adhering to ethical principles. So while adhering to ethical principles. So now let's consider an example in the now let's consider an example in the now let's consider an example in the context of text generation for context of text generation for context of text generation for generating product description. Assume generating product description. Assume generating product description. Assume you're using an AI model to create you're using an AI model to create you're using an AI model to create product description for an online store. product description for an online store. product description for an online store. So without prompt engineering, you may So without prompt engineering, you may So without prompt engineering, you may issue a generic prompt such as generate issue a generic prompt such as generate issue a generic prompt such as generate a product description for a smartphone. a product description for a smartphone. a product description for a smartphone. So without prompt engineering you would So without prompt engineering you would So without prompt engineering you would get something like this. This smartphone get something like this. This smartphone get something like this. This smartphone has a high resolution display, powerful has a high resolution display, powerful has a high resolution display, powerful processor and a longlasting battery processor and a longlasting battery processor and a longlasting battery life. The given prompt is less effective life. The given prompt is less effective life. The given prompt is less effective because it lacks specificity. So it because it lacks specificity. So it because it lacks specificity. So it simply says generate a product simply says generate a product simply says generate a product description for a smartphone. So this description for a smartphone. So this description for a smartphone. So this may make it difficult to come up with an may make it difficult to come up with an may make it difficult to come up with an idea and write something engaging and idea and write something engaging and idea and write something engaging and informative. So having a good prompt can informative. So having a good prompt can informative. So having a good prompt can make a significant difference in your make a significant difference in your make a significant difference in your writing. They give you a clear idea of writing. They give you a clear idea of writing. They give you a clear idea of what you need to write about and keep what you need to write about and keep what you need to write about and keep you focused and organized, making it you focused and organized, making it you focused and organized, making it easier to generate ideas and express easier to generate ideas and express easier to generate ideas and express yourself. On the other hand, by using yourself. On the other hand, by using yourself. On the other hand, by using prompt engineering techniques, you can prompt engineering techniques, you can prompt engineering techniques, you can provide more specific instructions or provide more specific instructions or provide more specific instructions or constraints that will tailor the constraints that will tailor the constraints that will tailor the generated descriptions to the target generated descriptions to the target generated descriptions to the target audience or brand style. So with prompt audience or brand style. So with prompt audience or brand style. So with prompt engineering if you input a query such as engineering if you input a query such as engineering if you input a query such as create a product descriptions for a create a product descriptions for a create a product descriptions for a budget friendly smartphone perfect for budget friendly smartphone perfect for budget friendly smartphone perfect for the young professionals highlights it's the young professionals highlights it's the young professionals highlights it's affordable sleek and packed with a affordable sleek and packed with a affordable sleek and packed with a top-notch camera features and the top-notch camera features and the top-notch camera features and the generated response would be something generated response would be something generated response would be something like this. Introducing our sleek and like this. Introducing our sleek and like this. Introducing our sleek and affordable smartphone design for young affordable smartphone design for young affordable smartphone design for young professionals with its stylish design professionals with its stylish design professionals with its stylish design and advanced camera features capturing and advanced camera features capturing and advanced camera features capturing life's moments and have never been life's moments and have never been life's moments and have never been easier and it goes on giving its key easier and it goes on giving its key easier and it goes on giving its key features along with it. So through this features along with it. So through this features along with it. So through this example we understood that prompt example we understood that prompt example we understood that prompt engineering enables the creation of a engineering enables the creation of a engineering enables the creation of a product description that is useful to product description that is useful to product description that is useful to the target audience and highlight the target audience and highlight the target audience and highlight specific features based on the specific features based on the specific features based on the instructions provided. So this shows how instructions provided. So this shows how instructions provided. So this shows how prompt engineering can improve the prompt engineering can improve the prompt engineering can improve the importance and effectiveness of AI importance and effectiveness of AI importance and effectiveness of AI generated content for specific generated content for specific generated content for specific applications. To help AI models give applications. To help AI models give applications. To help AI models give accurate answers, it's important to accurate answers, it's important to accurate answers, it's important to create clear prompts. So here are some create clear prompts. So here are some create clear prompts. So here are some simple rules for generating effective simple rules for generating effective simple rules for generating effective prompts. First, make it clear. So prompts. First, make it clear. So prompts. First, make it clear. So clearly explain what you want the AI to clearly explain what you want the AI to clearly explain what you want the AI to do. Unclear prompts might confuse the AI do. Unclear prompts might confuse the AI do. Unclear prompts might confuse the AI and lead to wrong answers. So make sure and lead to wrong answers. So make sure and lead to wrong answers. So make sure that the prompts is clear. For example, that the prompts is clear. For example, that the prompts is clear. For example, the unclear prompts is something like the unclear prompts is something like the unclear prompts is something like write about cars. So where we have not write about cars. So where we have not write about cars. So where we have not mentioned which type of car or anything mentioned which type of car or anything mentioned which type of car or anything much in details whereas the clear prompt much in details whereas the clear prompt much in details whereas the clear prompt is write a description of a red is write a description of a red is write a description of a red convertible sports car. Next give convertible sports car. Next give convertible sports car. Next give context. So provide enough information context. So provide enough information context. So provide enough information so that AIS understands the task. So so that AIS understands the task. So so that AIS understands the task. So this helps it give accurate response this helps it give accurate response this helps it give accurate response that makes sense in the given situation. that makes sense in the given situation. that makes sense in the given situation. So for example, prompt without context So for example, prompt without context So for example, prompt without context is write a story. Prompt with context is is write a story. Prompt with context is is write a story. Prompt with context is write a story about a girl who discovers write a story about a girl who discovers write a story about a girl who discovers a magic book in her attic. Next, show a magic book in her attic. Next, show a magic book in her attic. Next, show examples. Use examples to show the AI examples. Use examples to show the AI examples. Use examples to show the AI what you are looking for. So this helps what you are looking for. So this helps what you are looking for. So this helps it understand the type of response you it understand the type of response you it understand the type of response you want. So for example, the prompt without want. So for example, the prompt without want. So for example, the prompt without example is describe a beat scene. So example is describe a beat scene. So example is describe a beat scene. So prompts with examples is describe a prompts with examples is describe a prompts with examples is describe a beach scene with the palm trees, beach scene with the palm trees, beach scene with the palm trees, crashing waves, and the people playing crashing waves, and the people playing crashing waves, and the people playing volleyball. Next is keep it short. So volleyball. Next is keep it short. So volleyball. Next is keep it short. So don't overload the AI with too much don't overload the AI with too much don't overload the AI with too much information. Short prompts help the AI information. Short prompts help the AI information. Short prompts help the AI focus and give quicker, more accurate focus and give quicker, more accurate focus and give quicker, more accurate responses. For example, long prompts are responses. For example, long prompts are responses. For example, long prompts are like this. Write a detailed essay like this. Write a detailed essay like this. Write a detailed essay discussing the impact of climate change discussing the impact of climate change discussing the impact of climate change on biodiversity and ecosystems in on biodiversity and ecosystems in on biodiversity and ecosystems in tropical rainforest. And short prompts tropical rainforest. And short prompts tropical rainforest. And short prompts look something like this. Write about look something like this. Write about look something like this. Write about climate change effects on rainforest. climate change effects on rainforest. climate change effects on rainforest. Next, avoid biases. So, make sure your Next, avoid biases. So, make sure your Next, avoid biases. So, make sure your prompts are fair and don't include any prompts are fair and don't include any prompts are fair and don't include any unfair assumptions. So, biased prompts unfair assumptions. So, biased prompts unfair assumptions. So, biased prompts can lead to biased answers which isn't can lead to biased answers which isn't can lead to biased answers which isn't helpful. So, for example, write about a helpful. So, for example, write about a helpful. So, for example, write about a woman who struggles with her weight. So woman who struggles with her weight. So woman who struggles with her weight. So unbiased prompts are right about a unbiased prompts are right about a unbiased prompts are right about a person overcoming challenges. Next, set person overcoming challenges. Next, set person overcoming challenges. Next, set limits. So tell the AI any rules or limits. So tell the AI any rules or limits. So tell the AI any rules or restrictions it needs to follow. This restrictions it needs to follow. This restrictions it needs to follow. This helps guide its response and ensures helps guide its response and ensures helps guide its response and ensures they meet your specific needs. For they meet your specific needs. For they meet your specific needs. For example, prompt without limits are write example, prompt without limits are write example, prompt without limits are write a story and prompt with limits are write a story and prompt with limits are write a story and prompt with limits are write a story set in a haunted house with a a story set in a haunted house with a a story set in a haunted house with a maximum word count of 500 words. And I maximum word count of 500 words. And I maximum word count of 500 words. And I hope it's very clear. Next, moving on to hope it's very clear. Next, moving on to hope it's very clear. Next, moving on to some example of prompts for generating some example of prompts for generating some example of prompts for generating text using chat GPT. For text generation text using chat GPT. For text generation text using chat GPT. For text generation task, prompts usually consists of a task, prompts usually consists of a task, prompts usually consists of a textual instructions or starting point textual instructions or starting point textual instructions or starting point that directs the model to produce that directs the model to produce that directs the model to produce coherent and relevant text. Prompts can coherent and relevant text. Prompts can coherent and relevant text. Prompts can be story prompts, questions, or be story prompts, questions, or be story prompts, questions, or incomplete sentences. Text generation incomplete sentences. Text generation incomplete sentences. Text generation prompts provide context and directions prompts provide context and directions prompts provide context and directions to the model, allowing it to generate to the model, allowing it to generate to the model, allowing it to generate humanlike text responses. They influence humanlike text responses. They influence humanlike text responses. They influence the generated text tone, style, and the generated text tone, style, and the generated text tone, style, and context. So let's say the prompt is context. So let's say the prompt is context. So let's say the prompt is write a short story about a character write a short story about a character write a short story about a character who discovers a hidden treasure. So by who discovers a hidden treasure. So by who discovers a hidden treasure. So by providing a specific story line and providing a specific story line and providing a specific story line and theme in the prompt, the model is guided theme in the prompt, the model is guided theme in the prompt, the model is guided to generate a coherent and engaging to generate a coherent and engaging to generate a coherent and engaging narrative centered around the discovery narrative centered around the discovery narrative centered around the discovery of a hidden treasure. So the picture of a hidden treasure. So the picture of a hidden treasure. So the picture illustrate how Chad crafts stories with illustrate how Chad crafts stories with illustrate how Chad crafts stories with the engaging touch making them more the engaging touch making them more the engaging touch making them more captivating and interesting for readers. captivating and interesting for readers. captivating and interesting for readers. Next question answering. So prompt is Next question answering. So prompt is Next question answering. So prompt is can you describe the common signs and can you describe the common signs and can you describe the common signs and symptoms of COVID 19 along with any symptoms of COVID 19 along with any symptoms of COVID 19 along with any precautions that can be taken to stay precautions that can be taken to stay precautions that can be taken to stay safe and just like that it can generate safe and just like that it can generate safe and just like that it can generate answers to all your questions in mere answers to all your questions in mere answers to all your questions in mere seconds. So by framing the prompt as a seconds. So by framing the prompt as a seconds. So by framing the prompt as a question the model is directed to question the model is directed to question the model is directed to provide a concise answer regarding the provide a concise answer regarding the provide a concise answer regarding the symptoms of COVID 19 ensuring relevant symptoms of COVID 19 ensuring relevant symptoms of COVID 19 ensuring relevant and informative responses. Next, and informative responses. Next, and informative responses. Next, language translation. Translate the language translation. Translate the language translation. Translate the given English sentence. The quick grown given English sentence. The quick grown given English sentence. The quick grown fox jumps over the lazy dog into Spanish fox jumps over the lazy dog into Spanish fox jumps over the lazy dog into Spanish while maintaining its original meaning. while maintaining its original meaning. while maintaining its original meaning. So, by specifying the source and target So, by specifying the source and target So, by specifying the source and target language in the prompt along with the language in the prompt along with the language in the prompt along with the input sentence, the model is instructed input sentence, the model is instructed input sentence, the model is instructed to perform a precise translation task to perform a precise translation task to perform a precise translation task ensuring accurate language conversion. ensuring accurate language conversion. ensuring accurate language conversion. Next, code autocomp completion using Next, code autocomp completion using Next, code autocomp completion using OpenAI codeex or Chad. You can perform OpenAI codeex or Chad. You can perform OpenAI codeex or Chad. You can perform code order completion task. So here we code order completion task. So here we code order completion task. So here we go with tagd. Code generation prompts go with tagd. Code generation prompts go with tagd. Code generation prompts are usually partial code snippets or are usually partial code snippets or are usually partial code snippets or descriptions of programming task. They descriptions of programming task. They descriptions of programming task. They specify the desired functionality or specify the desired functionality or specify the desired functionality or behavior that the model should show. behavior that the model should show. behavior that the model should show. Code generation prompts allow the model Code generation prompts allow the model Code generation prompts allow the model to generate code that satisfy specific to generate code that satisfy specific to generate code that satisfy specific programming requirements such as programming requirements such as programming requirements such as implementing algorithms, defining implementing algorithms, defining implementing algorithms, defining functions or solving coding problems. So functions or solving coding problems. So functions or solving coding problems. So the prompt is complete the following the prompt is complete the following the prompt is complete the following Python function to calculate the Python function to calculate the Python function to calculate the factorial of a number and here you have factorial of a number and here you have factorial of a number and here you have also added the function. So by also added the function. So by also added the function. So by presenting an incomplete code snippet presenting an incomplete code snippet presenting an incomplete code snippet along with clear instructions the model along with clear instructions the model along with clear instructions the model is directed to suggest appropriate code is directed to suggest appropriate code is directed to suggest appropriate code completion helping developers write code completion helping developers write code completion helping developers write code more efficiently. Now moving on to the more efficiently. Now moving on to the more efficiently. Now moving on to the text to image generation. Image text to image generation. Image text to image generation. Image generation prompts specify the visual generation prompts specify the visual generation prompts specify the visual sense, objects or concept that the model sense, objects or concept that the model sense, objects or concept that the model should generate. They may include should generate. They may include should generate. They may include textual descriptions, keywords or textual descriptions, keywords or textual descriptions, keywords or images. So image generation prompts images. So image generation prompts images. So image generation prompts allow the model on what visual content allow the model on what visual content allow the model on what visual content to generate. They influence the to generate. They influence the to generate. They influence the generated images, composition, style and generated images, composition, style and generated images, composition, style and detail. For example, the prompt is detail. For example, the prompt is detail. For example, the prompt is imagine a tree where the branches are imagine a tree where the branches are imagine a tree where the branches are made of stacks of books. So can you made of stacks of books. So can you made of stacks of books. So can you paint me a picture of that? And for the paint me a picture of that? And for the paint me a picture of that? And for the given prompt, we got the image generated given prompt, we got the image generated given prompt, we got the image generated as something like this. An imaginative as something like this. An imaginative as something like this. An imaginative portrayal of a tree with branches portrayal of a tree with branches portrayal of a tree with branches composed of stack books. Eight book composed of stack books. Eight book composed of stack books. Eight book representing a leaf and covers visible. representing a leaf and covers visible. representing a leaf and covers visible. And the next prompt is picture a cloud And the next prompt is picture a cloud And the next prompt is picture a cloud in the sky that looks like a huge heart. in the sky that looks like a huge heart. in the sky that looks like a huge heart. Can you draw that for me? And here we Can you draw that for me? And here we Can you draw that for me? And here we go. These AI tools leverage prompt go. These AI tools leverage prompt go. These AI tools leverage prompt engineering techniques to generate text, engineering techniques to generate text, engineering techniques to generate text, perform language translation, code auto perform language translation, code auto perform language translation, code auto completion, and text to image completion, and text to image completion, and text to image generation, demonstrating the generation, demonstrating the generation, demonstrating the versatility and power of prompt based on versatility and power of prompt based on versatility and power of prompt based on interactions with AI models. Next, why interactions with AI models. Next, why interactions with AI models. Next, why is machine learning useful in prompt is machine learning useful in prompt is machine learning useful in prompt engineering? Machine learning is very engineering? Machine learning is very engineering? Machine learning is very helpful in prompt engineering especially helpful in prompt engineering especially helpful in prompt engineering especially in linguistic and language models in linguistic and language models in linguistic and language models because it helps create better prompts because it helps create better prompts because it helps create better prompts and interactions by analyzing lots of and interactions by analyzing lots of and interactions by analyzing lots of data and finding patterns. So first data and finding patterns. So first data and finding patterns. So first understanding language patterns. Machine understanding language patterns. Machine understanding language patterns. Machine learning algorithms can analyze large learning algorithms can analyze large learning algorithms can analyze large amounts of text to understand linguistic amounts of text to understand linguistic amounts of text to understand linguistic patterns like grammar, syntax, semantics patterns like grammar, syntax, semantics patterns like grammar, syntax, semantics and context. So this understanding is and context. So this understanding is and context. So this understanding is critical for developing effective critical for developing effective critical for developing effective prompts that generate desired responses prompts that generate desired responses prompts that generate desired responses from language models. Next, generating from language models. Next, generating from language models. Next, generating relevant prompts. Machine learning relevant prompts. Machine learning relevant prompts. Machine learning models can suggest or generate prompts models can suggest or generate prompts models can suggest or generate prompts based on input data and user based on input data and user based on input data and user preferences. These prompts can be preferences. These prompts can be preferences. These prompts can be tailored to specific task, domains, or tailored to specific task, domains, or tailored to specific task, domains, or user requirements, making them more user requirements, making them more user requirements, making them more useful and efficient for guiding useful and efficient for guiding useful and efficient for guiding language models. Next, optimizing language models. Next, optimizing language models. Next, optimizing prompts design. Machine learning prompts design. Machine learning prompts design. Machine learning techniques can be used to optimize techniques can be used to optimize techniques can be used to optimize prompt design by comparing the prompt design by comparing the prompt design by comparing the performance of various prompts and performance of various prompts and performance of various prompts and selecting the one that produce the best selecting the one that produce the best selecting the one that produce the best result. This iterative process improves result. This iterative process improves result. This iterative process improves prompt engineering practices and the prompt engineering practices and the prompt engineering practices and the overall performance of language models. overall performance of language models. overall performance of language models. And the next is personalizing And the next is personalizing And the next is personalizing interactions. Machine learning enables interactions. Machine learning enables interactions. Machine learning enables personalized interaction by creating personalized interaction by creating personalized interaction by creating prompts to individuals users prompts to individuals users prompts to individuals users preferences, history and context. This preferences, history and context. This preferences, history and context. This personalization increase user engagement personalization increase user engagement personalization increase user engagement and satisfaction with the language model and satisfaction with the language model and satisfaction with the language model interaction. Next, improving model interaction. Next, improving model interaction. Next, improving model performance. Machine learning algorithms performance. Machine learning algorithms performance. Machine learning algorithms can be used to fine-tune language models can be used to fine-tune language models can be used to fine-tune language models based on prompt response best, based on prompt response best, based on prompt response best, increasing their performance and increasing their performance and increasing their performance and accuracy over time. Language model can accuracy over time. Language model can accuracy over time. Language model can be trained on a variety of data set and be trained on a variety of data set and be trained on a variety of data set and prompts to produce more relevant and prompts to produce more relevant and prompts to produce more relevant and contextually appropriate responses. And contextually appropriate responses. And contextually appropriate responses. And next, mitigating bias and next, mitigating bias and next, mitigating bias and misinformation. misinformation. misinformation. Machine learning techniques can help Machine learning techniques can help Machine learning techniques can help identify and mitigate preferences in identify and mitigate preferences in identify and mitigate preferences in prompt engineering by examining prompt prompt engineering by examining prompt prompt engineering by examining prompt responses pairs for potential biases or responses pairs for potential biases or responses pairs for potential biases or inaccuracies. inaccuracies. inaccuracies. Language models can produce more fair, Language models can produce more fair, Language models can produce more fair, inclusive, and reliable results by inclusive, and reliable results by inclusive, and reliable results by detecting and correcting for detecting and correcting for detecting and correcting for preferences. And I hope it is clear why preferences. And I hope it is clear why preferences. And I hope it is clear why machine learning is useful in prompt machine learning is useful in prompt machine learning is useful in prompt engineering. Now the success of human race is because Now the success of human race is because Now the success of human race is because of the ability to communicate and share of the ability to communicate and share of the ability to communicate and share information. Now that is where the information. Now that is where the information. Now that is where the concept of language comes in. However, concept of language comes in. However, concept of language comes in. However, many such standards came up resulting in many such standards came up resulting in many such standards came up resulting in many such language with each language many such language with each language many such language with each language having its own set of basic shapes having its own set of basic shapes having its own set of basic shapes called alphabets. And the combination of called alphabets. And the combination of called alphabets. And the combination of alphabets resulted in words and the alphabets resulted in words and the alphabets resulted in words and the combination of these words arranged combination of these words arranged combination of these words arranged meaningfully resulted in the formation meaningfully resulted in the formation meaningfully resulted in the formation of a sentence. Now each language has a of a sentence. Now each language has a of a sentence. Now each language has a set of rules that is used while set of rules that is used while set of rules that is used while developing these sentences and these set developing these sentences and these set developing these sentences and these set of rules are also known as grammar. Now of rules are also known as grammar. Now of rules are also known as grammar. Now coming to today's world that is the 21st coming to today's world that is the 21st coming to today's world that is the 21st century. According to the industry century. According to the industry century. According to the industry estimates only 21% of the available data estimates only 21% of the available data estimates only 21% of the available data is present in the structured format. is present in the structured format. is present in the structured format. data is being generated as we speak, as data is being generated as we speak, as data is being generated as we speak, as we tweet, as we send messages on we tweet, as we send messages on we tweet, as we send messages on WhatsApp, Facebook, Instagram or through WhatsApp, Facebook, Instagram or through WhatsApp, Facebook, Instagram or through text messages and the majority of this text messages and the majority of this text messages and the majority of this data exists in the textual form which is data exists in the textual form which is data exists in the textual form which is highly unstructured in nature. Now, in highly unstructured in nature. Now, in highly unstructured in nature. Now, in order to produce significant and order to produce significant and order to produce significant and actionable insights from the text data, actionable insights from the text data, actionable insights from the text data, it is important to get acquainted with it is important to get acquainted with it is important to get acquainted with the techniques of text analysis. So, the techniques of text analysis. So, the techniques of text analysis. So, let's understand what is text analysis let's understand what is text analysis let's understand what is text analysis or text mining. Now it is the process of or text mining. Now it is the process of or text mining. Now it is the process of deriving meaningful information from deriving meaningful information from deriving meaningful information from natural language text and text mining natural language text and text mining natural language text and text mining usually involves the process of usually involves the process of usually involves the process of structuring the input text deriving structuring the input text deriving structuring the input text deriving patterns within the structured data and patterns within the structured data and patterns within the structured data and finally evaluating the interpreted finally evaluating the interpreted finally evaluating the interpreted output. Compared with the kind of data output. Compared with the kind of data output. Compared with the kind of data stored in database text is unstructured, stored in database text is unstructured, stored in database text is unstructured, amorphous and difficult to deal with amorphous and difficult to deal with amorphous and difficult to deal with algorithmically. algorithmically. algorithmically. Nevertheless, in the modern culture, Nevertheless, in the modern culture, Nevertheless, in the modern culture, text is the most common vehicle for the text is the most common vehicle for the text is the most common vehicle for the former exchange of information. Now as former exchange of information. Now as former exchange of information. Now as text mining refers to the process of text mining refers to the process of text mining refers to the process of deriving highquality information from deriving highquality information from deriving highquality information from text the overall goal here is to turn text the overall goal here is to turn text the overall goal here is to turn the text into data for analysis and this the text into data for analysis and this the text into data for analysis and this is done by the application of NLP or is done by the application of NLP or is done by the application of NLP or natural language processing. So let's natural language processing. So let's natural language processing. So let's understand what is natural language understand what is natural language understand what is natural language processing. So NLP refers to the processing. So NLP refers to the processing. So NLP refers to the artificial intelligence method of artificial intelligence method of artificial intelligence method of communicating with an intelligence communicating with an intelligence communicating with an intelligence system using natural language. By system using natural language. By system using natural language. By utilizing NLP and its components, one utilizing NLP and its components, one utilizing NLP and its components, one can organize the massive chunks of can organize the massive chunks of can organize the massive chunks of textual data, perform numerous or textual data, perform numerous or textual data, perform numerous or automated task and solve a wide range of automated task and solve a wide range of automated task and solve a wide range of problems such as automatic problems such as automatic problems such as automatic summarization, machine translation, summarization, machine translation, summarization, machine translation, named entity recognition, speech named entity recognition, speech named entity recognition, speech recognition, and topic segmentation. So recognition, and topic segmentation. So recognition, and topic segmentation. So let's understand the basic structure of let's understand the basic structure of let's understand the basic structure of an NLP application. Considering the an NLP application. Considering the an NLP application. Considering the chatbot here as an example, we can see chatbot here as an example, we can see chatbot here as an example, we can see first we have the NLP layer which is first we have the NLP layer which is first we have the NLP layer which is connected to the knowledge base and the connected to the knowledge base and the connected to the knowledge base and the data storage. Now the knowledge base is data storage. Now the knowledge base is data storage. Now the knowledge base is where we have the source content that is where we have the source content that is where we have the source content that is we have all the chat logs which contain we have all the chat logs which contain we have all the chat logs which contain a large history of all the chats which a large history of all the chats which a large history of all the chats which are used to train the particular are used to train the particular are used to train the particular algorithm and again we have the data algorithm and again we have the data algorithm and again we have the data storage where we have the interaction storage where we have the interaction storage where we have the interaction history and the analytics of that history and the analytics of that history and the analytics of that interaction which in turn helps the NLP interaction which in turn helps the NLP interaction which in turn helps the NLP layer to generate the meaningful output. layer to generate the meaningful output. layer to generate the meaningful output. So now if we have a look at the various So now if we have a look at the various So now if we have a look at the various applications of NLP. First of all we applications of NLP. First of all we applications of NLP. First of all we have sentimental analysis. Now this is a have sentimental analysis. Now this is a have sentimental analysis. Now this is a field where NLP is used heavily. We have field where NLP is used heavily. We have field where NLP is used heavily. We have speech recognition. Now here we are also speech recognition. Now here we are also speech recognition. Now here we are also talking about the voice assistants like talking about the voice assistants like talking about the voice assistants like Google assistant, Cortana and the Siri. Google assistant, Cortana and the Siri. Google assistant, Cortana and the Siri. Now next we have the implementation of Now next we have the implementation of Now next we have the implementation of chatbot as I discussed earlier just now. chatbot as I discussed earlier just now. chatbot as I discussed earlier just now. Now you might have used the customer Now you might have used the customer Now you might have used the customer care chat services of any app. It also care chat services of any app. It also care chat services of any app. It also uses NLP to process the data entered and uses NLP to process the data entered and uses NLP to process the data entered and provide the response based on the input. provide the response based on the input. provide the response based on the input. Now machine translation is also another Now machine translation is also another Now machine translation is also another use case of natural language processing. use case of natural language processing. use case of natural language processing. Now considering the most common example Now considering the most common example Now considering the most common example here would be the Google translate. It here would be the Google translate. It here would be the Google translate. It uses NLP and translates the data from uses NLP and translates the data from uses NLP and translates the data from one language to another and that too in one language to another and that too in one language to another and that too in real time. Now other applications of NLP real time. Now other applications of NLP real time. Now other applications of NLP includes spellchecking. Then we have the includes spellchecking. Then we have the includes spellchecking. Then we have the keyword search which is also a big field keyword search which is also a big field keyword search which is also a big field where NLP is used. Extracting where NLP is used. Extracting where NLP is used. Extracting information from any particular website information from any particular website information from any particular website or any particular document is also a use or any particular document is also a use or any particular document is also a use case of NLP. And one of the coolest case of NLP. And one of the coolest case of NLP. And one of the coolest application of NLP is advertisement application of NLP is advertisement application of NLP is advertisement matching. Now here what we mean is matching. Now here what we mean is matching. Now here what we mean is basically recommendation of the ads basically recommendation of the ads basically recommendation of the ads based on your history. Now NLP is based on your history. Now NLP is based on your history. Now NLP is divided into two major components that divided into two major components that divided into two major components that is the natural language understanding is the natural language understanding is the natural language understanding which is also known as NLU and we have which is also known as NLU and we have which is also known as NLU and we have the natural language generation which is the natural language generation which is the natural language generation which is also known as NLG. The understanding also known as NLG. The understanding also known as NLG. The understanding involves tasks like mapping the given involves tasks like mapping the given involves tasks like mapping the given input into natural language into useful input into natural language into useful input into natural language into useful representations, analyzing different representations, analyzing different representations, analyzing different aspects of the language. Whereas natural aspects of the language. Whereas natural aspects of the language. Whereas natural language generation it is the process of language generation it is the process of language generation it is the process of producing the meaningful phrases and producing the meaningful phrases and producing the meaningful phrases and sentence in the form of natural sentence in the form of natural sentence in the form of natural language. It involves text planning, language. It involves text planning, language. It involves text planning, sentence planning and text realization. sentence planning and text realization. sentence planning and text realization. Now NLU is usually considered harder Now NLU is usually considered harder Now NLU is usually considered harder than NLG. Now you might be thinking that than NLG. Now you might be thinking that than NLG. Now you might be thinking that even a small child can understand a even a small child can understand a even a small child can understand a language. So let's see what are the language. So let's see what are the language. So let's see what are the difficulties a machine faces while difficulties a machine faces while difficulties a machine faces while understanding any particular languages. understanding any particular languages. understanding any particular languages. Now understanding a new language is very Now understanding a new language is very Now understanding a new language is very hard. Taking our English into hard. Taking our English into hard. Taking our English into consideration, there are a lot of consideration, there are a lot of consideration, there are a lot of ambiguity and that too in different ambiguity and that too in different ambiguity and that too in different levels. We have lexical ambiguity, levels. We have lexical ambiguity, levels. We have lexical ambiguity, syntactical ambiguity and referential syntactical ambiguity and referential syntactical ambiguity and referential ambiguity. So lexical ambiguity is the ambiguity. So lexical ambiguity is the ambiguity. So lexical ambiguity is the presence of two or more possible presence of two or more possible presence of two or more possible meanings within a single word. It is meanings within a single word. It is meanings within a single word. It is also sometimes referred to as semantic also sometimes referred to as semantic also sometimes referred to as semantic ambiguity. For example, let's consider ambiguity. For example, let's consider ambiguity. For example, let's consider these sentences and let's focus on the these sentences and let's focus on the these sentences and let's focus on the italicized word. She is looking for a italicized word. She is looking for a italicized word. She is looking for a match. So what do you infer by the word match. So what do you infer by the word match. So what do you infer by the word match? Is it that she looking for a match? Is it that she looking for a match? Is it that she looking for a partner or is it that she's looking for partner or is it that she's looking for partner or is it that she's looking for a match be it a cricket match or a rugby a match be it a cricket match or a rugby a match be it a cricket match or a rugby match? Now the second sentence here we match? Now the second sentence here we match? Now the second sentence here we have the fisherman went to the bank. Is have the fisherman went to the bank. Is have the fisherman went to the bank. Is it the bank where we go to collect our it the bank where we go to collect our it the bank where we go to collect our checks and money or is it the river bank checks and money or is it the river bank checks and money or is it the river bank we are talking about here. Sometimes it we are talking about here. Sometimes it we are talking about here. Sometimes it is obvious that we are talking about the is obvious that we are talking about the is obvious that we are talking about the river bank but it might be true that river bank but it might be true that river bank but it might be true that he's actually going to a bank to he's actually going to a bank to he's actually going to a bank to withdraw some money. You never know. Now withdraw some money. You never know. Now withdraw some money. You never know. Now coming to the second type of ambiguity coming to the second type of ambiguity coming to the second type of ambiguity which is the syntactical ambiguity in which is the syntactical ambiguity in which is the syntactical ambiguity in English grammar. This syntactical English grammar. This syntactical English grammar. This syntactical ambiguity is the presence of two or more ambiguity is the presence of two or more ambiguity is the presence of two or more possible meanings within a single possible meanings within a single possible meanings within a single sentence or a sequence of words. It is sentence or a sequence of words. It is sentence or a sequence of words. It is also called as structural ambiguity or also called as structural ambiguity or also called as structural ambiguity or grammatical ambiguity. Taking these grammatical ambiguity. Taking these grammatical ambiguity. Taking these sentences into consideration, we can sentences into consideration, we can sentences into consideration, we can clearly see what are the ambiguities clearly see what are the ambiguities clearly see what are the ambiguities faced. The chicken is ready to eat. So faced. The chicken is ready to eat. So faced. The chicken is ready to eat. So here what do you infer? Is the chicken here what do you infer? Is the chicken here what do you infer? Is the chicken ready to eat his food or is the chicken ready to eat his food or is the chicken ready to eat his food or is the chicken ready for us to eat? Similarly, we have ready for us to eat? Similarly, we have ready for us to eat? Similarly, we have the sentence like visiting relatives can the sentence like visiting relatives can the sentence like visiting relatives can be boring. Are the relatives boring or be boring. Are the relatives boring or be boring. Are the relatives boring or when we are visiting the relative it is when we are visiting the relative it is when we are visiting the relative it is very boring? You never know. Coming to very boring? You never know. Coming to very boring? You never know. Coming to the final ambiguity which is the the final ambiguity which is the the final ambiguity which is the referential ambiguity. Now this referential ambiguity. Now this referential ambiguity. Now this ambiguity arises when we are referring ambiguity arises when we are referring ambiguity arises when we are referring to something using pronouns. The boy to something using pronouns. The boy to something using pronouns. The boy told his father the theft he was very told his father the theft he was very told his father the theft he was very upset. Now I'm leaving this up to you. upset. Now I'm leaving this up to you. upset. Now I'm leaving this up to you. You tell me what does he stand for here? You tell me what does he stand for here? You tell me what does he stand for here? Who is he? Is it the boy? Is it the Who is he? Is it the boy? Is it the Who is he? Is it the boy? Is it the father or is it the thief? father or is it the thief? father or is it the thief? So coming back to NLP. Firstly, we need So coming back to NLP. Firstly, we need So coming back to NLP. Firstly, we need to install the NLTK library that is the to install the NLTK library that is the to install the NLTK library that is the natural language toolkit. It is the natural language toolkit. It is the natural language toolkit. It is the leading platform for building Python leading platform for building Python leading platform for building Python programs to work with human language programs to work with human language programs to work with human language data and it also provides easytouse data and it also provides easytouse data and it also provides easytouse interfaces to over 15 corpora and interfaces to over 15 corpora and interfaces to over 15 corpora and lexical resources. We can use it to lexical resources. We can use it to lexical resources. We can use it to perform functions like classification, perform functions like classification, perform functions like classification, tokenization, stemming, tagging and much tokenization, stemming, tagging and much tokenization, stemming, tagging and much more. Now once you install the NLTK more. Now once you install the NLTK more. Now once you install the NLTK library, you will see an NLTK library, you will see an NLTK library, you will see an NLTK downloader. It is a pop-up window which downloader. It is a pop-up window which downloader. It is a pop-up window which will come up and in that you have to will come up and in that you have to will come up and in that you have to select the all option and press the select the all option and press the select the all option and press the download button. It will download all download button. It will download all download button. It will download all the required files the corpora the the required files the corpora the the required files the corpora the models and all the different packages models and all the different packages models and all the different packages which are available in the NLCK. Now which are available in the NLCK. Now which are available in the NLCK. Now when we process text there are a few when we process text there are a few when we process text there are a few terminologies that we need to terminologies that we need to terminologies that we need to understand. Now the first one is understand. Now the first one is understand. Now the first one is tokenization. So tokenization is a tokenization. So tokenization is a tokenization. So tokenization is a process of breaking strings into tokens process of breaking strings into tokens process of breaking strings into tokens which in turn are small structures or which in turn are small structures or which in turn are small structures or units that can be used for tokenization. units that can be used for tokenization. units that can be used for tokenization. Now tokenization involves three steps Now tokenization involves three steps Now tokenization involves three steps which is the breaking a complex sentence which is the breaking a complex sentence which is the breaking a complex sentence into words understanding the importance into words understanding the importance into words understanding the importance of each words with respect to the of each words with respect to the of each words with respect to the sentence and finally produce a sentence and finally produce a sentence and finally produce a structural description on an input structural description on an input structural description on an input sentence. So if we have a look at the sentence. So if we have a look at the sentence. So if we have a look at the example here considering this sentence example here considering this sentence example here considering this sentence tokenization is the first step in NLP. tokenization is the first step in NLP. tokenization is the first step in NLP. Now when we divide it into tokens, as Now when we divide it into tokens, as Now when we divide it into tokens, as you can see here, we have 1 2 3 4 5 6 you can see here, we have 1 2 3 4 5 6 you can see here, we have 1 2 3 4 5 6 and seven tokens here. Now NLTK also and seven tokens here. Now NLTK also and seven tokens here. Now NLTK also allows you to tokenize phrases allows you to tokenize phrases allows you to tokenize phrases containing more than one word. So let's containing more than one word. So let's containing more than one word. So let's go ahead and see how we can implement go ahead and see how we can implement go ahead and see how we can implement tokenization using NLTK. So here I'm tokenization using NLTK. So here I'm tokenization using NLTK. So here I'm using Jupyter notebook to execute all my using Jupyter notebook to execute all my using Jupyter notebook to execute all my practicals and demo. Now you are free to practicals and demo. Now you are free to practicals and demo. Now you are free to use any sort of IDE which is supported use any sort of IDE which is supported use any sort of IDE which is supported by Python. It's your choice. So let me by Python. It's your choice. So let me by Python. It's your choice. So let me create a new notebook here. Let me create a new notebook here. Let me create a new notebook here. Let me rename as text mining and NLP. So first of all, let us import all the So first of all, let us import all the So first of all, let us import all the necessary libraries. Here we are necessary libraries. Here we are necessary libraries. Here we are importing the OS, NLTK and the NLTK importing the OS, NLTK and the NLTK importing the OS, NLTK and the NLTK corpus. corpus. corpus. So as you can see here, we have various So as you can see here, we have various So as you can see here, we have various files which represent different types of files which represent different types of files which represent different types of words, different types of functions. We words, different types of functions. We words, different types of functions. We have samples of Twitter. have samples of Twitter. have samples of Twitter. We have different sentimental word net. We have different sentimental word net. We have different sentimental word net. We have product reviews. We have movie We have product reviews. We have movie We have product reviews. We have movie reviews. We have non-breaking prefixes reviews. We have non-breaking prefixes reviews. We have non-breaking prefixes and many more files here. and many more files here. and many more files here. Now let's have a look at the Gutenberg Now let's have a look at the Gutenberg Now let's have a look at the Gutenberg file here and see what are all the file here and see what are all the file here and see what are all the fields which are present in the fields which are present in the fields which are present in the Gutenberg file. So as you can see here Gutenberg file. So as you can see here Gutenberg file. So as you can see here inside this we have all the different inside this we have all the different inside this we have all the different types of text files. We have Austin, types of text files. We have Austin, types of text files. We have Austin, Emma. We have the Shakespeare, we have Emma. We have the Shakespeare, we have Emma. We have the Shakespeare, we have the Hamlet, we have Mobedex, we have the the Hamlet, we have Mobedex, we have the the Hamlet, we have Mobedex, we have the Carol Alice and many more. Now this is Carol Alice and many more. Now this is Carol Alice and many more. Now this is just one file we are talking about and just one file we are talking about and just one file we are talking about and NLTK provides a lot of files. So let's NLTK provides a lot of files. So let's NLTK provides a lot of files. So let's consider a document of type string and consider a document of type string and consider a document of type string and understand the significance of its understand the significance of its understand the significance of its tokens. So if you have a look at the tokens. So if you have a look at the tokens. So if you have a look at the elements of the Hamlet, you can see it elements of the Hamlet, you can see it elements of the Hamlet, you can see it starts from the tragedy of Hamlet by starts from the tragedy of Hamlet by starts from the tragedy of Hamlet by William SPE. William SPE. William SPE. So if you have a look at the first 500 So if you have a look at the first 500 So if you have a look at the first 500 elements of this particular text file. elements of this particular text file. elements of this particular text file. So as I was saying the tragedy of Hamlet So as I was saying the tragedy of Hamlet So as I was saying the tragedy of Hamlet by William Shakespeare 1599 actor's by William Shakespeare 1599 actor's by William Shakespeare 1599 actor's primise. We can use a lot of these files primise. We can use a lot of these files primise. We can use a lot of these files for analysis and text for understanding for analysis and text for understanding for analysis and text for understanding and analysis purposes and this is where and analysis purposes and this is where and analysis purposes and this is where NLTK comes into picture and it helps a NLTK comes into picture and it helps a NLTK comes into picture and it helps a lot of programmers to learn about the lot of programmers to learn about the lot of programmers to learn about the different features and the different different features and the different different features and the different application of language processing. So application of language processing. So application of language processing. So here I have created a paragraph B on here I have created a paragraph B on here I have created a paragraph B on artificial intelligence. So let me just artificial intelligence. So let me just artificial intelligence. So let me just execute it. Now this AI is of the string execute it. Now this AI is of the string execute it. Now this AI is of the string type. So it will be easier for us to type. So it will be easier for us to type. So it will be easier for us to tokenize it. Nonetheless, any of the tokenize it. Nonetheless, any of the tokenize it. Nonetheless, any of the files can be used to tokenize. For files can be used to tokenize. For files can be used to tokenize. For simplicity here, I'm taking a string simplicity here, I'm taking a string simplicity here, I'm taking a string file. The next what we are going to do file. The next what we are going to do file. The next what we are going to do is import the word tokenize under the is import the word tokenize under the is import the word tokenize under the NLTK tokenize library. Now this will NLTK tokenize library. Now this will NLTK tokenize library. Now this will help us to tokenize all the words. Now help us to tokenize all the words. Now help us to tokenize all the words. Now we will run the word tokenize function we will run the word tokenize function we will run the word tokenize function over the paragraph and assign it a name. over the paragraph and assign it a name. over the paragraph and assign it a name. So here I'm considering AI tokens and So here I'm considering AI tokens and So here I'm considering AI tokens and I'm using the word tokenize function on I'm using the word tokenize function on I'm using the word tokenize function on it. Let's see what's the output of this it. Let's see what's the output of this it. Let's see what's the output of this AI tokens. AI tokens. AI tokens. So as you can see here it has divided So as you can see here it has divided So as you can see here it has divided all the input which was provided here all the input which was provided here all the input which was provided here into the tokens. into the tokens. into the tokens. Now let's have a look at the number of Now let's have a look at the number of Now let's have a look at the number of tokens here we have here. So in total we tokens here we have here. So in total we tokens here we have here. So in total we have 273 tokens. Now these tokens are a have 273 tokens. Now these tokens are a have 273 tokens. Now these tokens are a list of words and the special characters list of words and the special characters list of words and the special characters which are separated items of the list. which are separated items of the list. which are separated items of the list. Now in order to find the frequency of Now in order to find the frequency of Now in order to find the frequency of the distinct elements here in the given the distinct elements here in the given the distinct elements here in the given AI paragraph, we are going to import the AI paragraph, we are going to import the AI paragraph, we are going to import the frequency distinct function which falls frequency distinct function which falls frequency distinct function which falls under NLTK.probability. under NLTK.probability. under NLTK.probability. So let's create a f test in which we So let's create a f test in which we So let's create a f test in which we have the function here frequentist. have the function here frequentist. have the function here frequentist. And basically what we are doing here is And basically what we are doing here is And basically what we are doing here is finding the word count of all the words finding the word count of all the words finding the word count of all the words in the paragraph. in the paragraph. in the paragraph. So as you can see here we have comma 30 So as you can see here we have comma 30 So as you can see here we have comma 30 times we have full stop nine times and times we have full stop nine times and times we have full stop nine times and we have accomplished one according one we have accomplished one according one we have accomplished one according one and so on. We have computer five times. and so on. We have computer five times. and so on. We have computer five times. Now here we are also converting the Now here we are also converting the Now here we are also converting the tokens into lower case so as to avoid tokens into lower case so as to avoid tokens into lower case so as to avoid the probability of considering a word the probability of considering a word the probability of considering a word with uppercase and lower case as with uppercase and lower case as with uppercase and lower case as different. Now suppose we were to select different. Now suppose we were to select different. Now suppose we were to select the top 10 tokens with the highest the top 10 tokens with the highest the top 10 tokens with the highest frequency. So here you can see that we frequency. So here you can see that we frequency. So here you can see that we have comma 30 times the 13 times of 12 have comma 30 times the 13 times of 12 have comma 30 times the 13 times of 12 times and 12 times. Whereas the times and 12 times. Whereas the times and 12 times. Whereas the meaningful words which are intelligence meaningful words which are intelligence meaningful words which are intelligence which is six times and intelligence six which is six times and intelligence six which is six times and intelligence six times. Now there is another type of times. Now there is another type of times. Now there is another type of tokenizer which is the blank tokenizer. tokenizer which is the blank tokenizer. tokenizer which is the blank tokenizer. Now let's use the blank tokenizer over Now let's use the blank tokenizer over Now let's use the blank tokenizer over the same string to tokenize the the same string to tokenize the the same string to tokenize the paragraph with respect to the blank paragraph with respect to the blank paragraph with respect to the blank string. Now the output here is nine. Now string. Now the output here is nine. Now string. Now the output here is nine. Now this nine indicates how many paragraphs this nine indicates how many paragraphs this nine indicates how many paragraphs we have and what all paragraphs are we have and what all paragraphs are we have and what all paragraphs are separated by a new line. Although it separated by a new line. Although it separated by a new line. Although it might seem like a one paragraph, it is might seem like a one paragraph, it is might seem like a one paragraph, it is not. The original structure of the data not. The original structure of the data not. The original structure of the data remains intact. Now another important remains intact. Now another important remains intact. Now another important key term in tokenizations are biograms, key term in tokenizations are biograms, key term in tokenizations are biograms, diagrams and engrams. Now what does this diagrams and engrams. Now what does this diagrams and engrams. Now what does this mean? Now biograms refers to tokens of mean? Now biograms refers to tokens of mean? Now biograms refers to tokens of two consecutive words known as a bagram. two consecutive words known as a bagram. two consecutive words known as a bagram. Similarly, tokens of three consecutive Similarly, tokens of three consecutive Similarly, tokens of three consecutive written words are known as triagram. And written words are known as triagram. And written words are known as triagram. And similarly, we have engrams for the n similarly, we have engrams for the n similarly, we have engrams for the n consecutive written words. So let's go consecutive written words. So let's go consecutive written words. So let's go ahead and execute some demo based on ahead and execute some demo based on ahead and execute some demo based on bagrams, diagrams and engrams. So first bagrams, diagrams and engrams. So first bagrams, diagrams and engrams. So first of all, what we need to do is import of all, what we need to do is import of all, what we need to do is import biograms, diagrams and engrams from biograms, diagrams and engrams from biograms, diagrams and engrams from nltk.util. nltk.util. nltk.util. Now let's take a string here on which Now let's take a string here on which Now let's take a string here on which we'll use these functions. So taking we'll use these functions. So taking we'll use these functions. So taking this string into consideration, the best this string into consideration, the best this string into consideration, the best and the most beautiful thing in the and the most beautiful thing in the and the most beautiful thing in the world cannot be seen or even touched. world cannot be seen or even touched. world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. So They must be felt with the heart. So They must be felt with the heart. So first what we are going to do is split first what we are going to do is split first what we are going to do is split the above sentence or the string into the above sentence or the string into the above sentence or the string into tokens. So for that we are going to use tokens. So for that we are going to use tokens. So for that we are going to use the word tokenize. So as you can see the word tokenize. So as you can see the word tokenize. So as you can see here we have the tokens. Now let us now here we have the tokens. Now let us now here we have the tokens. Now let us now create the bagram of the list containing create the bagram of the list containing create the bagram of the list containing tokens. So for that we are going to use tokens. So for that we are going to use tokens. So for that we are going to use the nltk.biograms and pass all the the nltk.biograms and pass all the the nltk.biograms and pass all the tokens and since it is a list we are tokens and since it is a list we are tokens and since it is a list we are going to use the list function. So as going to use the list function. So as going to use the list function. So as you can see under output we have the you can see under output we have the you can see under output we have the best best and and most beautiful thing best best and and most beautiful thing best best and and most beautiful thing in the world. So as you can see the in the world. So as you can see the in the world. So as you can see the tokens are in the form of two words. tokens are in the form of two words. tokens are in the form of two words. It's in a pair form. Similarly, if we It's in a pair form. Similarly, if we It's in a pair form. Similarly, if we want to do the triagrams and find out want to do the triagrams and find out want to do the triagrams and find out the triagrams, what we need to do is the triagrams, what we need to do is the triagrams, what we need to do is just remove the biograms and use the just remove the biograms and use the just remove the biograms and use the triagrams. triagrams. triagrams. So, as you can see, we have tokens in So, as you can see, we have tokens in So, as you can see, we have tokens in the form of three words. And if you want the form of three words. And if you want the form of three words. And if you want to use the engrams, let me show you how to use the engrams, let me show you how to use the engrams, let me show you how it's done. So, for engrams, what we need it's done. So, for engrams, what we need it's done. So, for engrams, what we need to do is define a particular number to do is define a particular number to do is define a particular number here. So, instead of n, I'm going to use here. So, instead of n, I'm going to use here. So, instead of n, I'm going to use let's say four. So as you can see we let's say four. So as you can see we let's say four. So as you can see we have the output in the form of four have the output in the form of four have the output in the form of four tokens. Now once we have the tokens we tokens. Now once we have the tokens we tokens. Now once we have the tokens we need to make some changes to the tokens. need to make some changes to the tokens. need to make some changes to the tokens. So for that we have stemming. Now So for that we have stemming. Now So for that we have stemming. Now stemming usually refers to normalizing stemming usually refers to normalizing stemming usually refers to normalizing words into its base form or the root words into its base form or the root words into its base form or the root form. So if we have a look at the words form. So if we have a look at the words form. So if we have a look at the words here we have affectation, affects, here we have affectation, affects, here we have affectation, affects, affections, affected, affection and affections, affected, affection and affections, affected, affection and affecting. So as you might have guessed affecting. So as you might have guessed affecting. So as you might have guessed the root word here is effect. So one the root word here is effect. So one the root word here is effect. So one thing to keep in mind here is that the thing to keep in mind here is that the thing to keep in mind here is that the result may not be the root word always. result may not be the root word always. result may not be the root word always. Seming algorithm works by cutting off Seming algorithm works by cutting off Seming algorithm works by cutting off the end or the beginning of the word the end or the beginning of the word the end or the beginning of the word taking into account a list of common taking into account a list of common taking into account a list of common prefixes and suffixes that can be found prefixes and suffixes that can be found prefixes and suffixes that can be found in an infected word. Now this in an infected word. Now this in an infected word. Now this indiscriminate cutting can be successful indiscriminate cutting can be successful indiscriminate cutting can be successful in some occasions but not always. And in some occasions but not always. And in some occasions but not always. And this is why we affirm that this approach this is why we affirm that this approach this is why we affirm that this approach presents some limitations. So let's go presents some limitations. So let's go presents some limitations. So let's go ahead and see how we can perform ahead and see how we can perform ahead and see how we can perform stemming on a particular given data set. stemming on a particular given data set. stemming on a particular given data set. Now there are quite a few types of stem. Now there are quite a few types of stem. Now there are quite a few types of stem. So starting with the potter stem, we So starting with the potter stem, we So starting with the potter stem, we need to import it from nltk. stem. Let's need to import it from nltk. stem. Let's need to import it from nltk. stem. Let's get the output of the word having and get the output of the word having and get the output of the word having and see what is the stemming of this word. see what is the stemming of this word. see what is the stemming of this word. So as you can see we have have as the So as you can see we have have as the So as you can see we have have as the output. output. output. Now here we have defined words to stem Now here we have defined words to stem Now here we have defined words to stem which are give, giving, given and gave. which are give, giving, given and gave. which are give, giving, given and gave. So let's use the porter stemer and see So let's use the porter stemer and see So let's use the porter stemer and see what is the output of this particular what is the output of this particular what is the output of this particular stemming. So as you can see it has given stemming. So as you can see it has given stemming. So as you can see it has given give, given, give and gave. Now we can give, given, give and gave. Now we can give, given, give and gave. Now we can see that the stemmer removed only the see that the stemmer removed only the see that the stemmer removed only the ing and replaced it with an e. Now let's ing and replaced it with an e. Now let's ing and replaced it with an e. Now let's try to do it the same with another try to do it the same with another try to do it the same with another stemmer called the Lancaster stemmer. stemmer called the Lancaster stemmer. stemmer called the Lancaster stemmer. You can see the stemmer stemmed all the You can see the stemmer stemmed all the You can see the stemmer stemmed all the words. As a result of it, you can words. As a result of it, you can words. As a result of it, you can conclude that the Lancaster stemmer is conclude that the Lancaster stemmer is conclude that the Lancaster stemmer is more aggressive than the potter stemer. more aggressive than the potter stemer. more aggressive than the potter stemer. Now, the use of each of these stemmers Now, the use of each of these stemmers Now, the use of each of these stemmers depend on the type of task that you want depend on the type of task that you want depend on the type of task that you want to perform. For example, if you want to to perform. For example, if you want to to perform. For example, if you want to check how many times the words GIV is check how many times the words GIV is check how many times the words GIV is used above, you can use the Lancaster used above, you can use the Lancaster used above, you can use the Lancaster stemmer. And for other purposes, you stemmer. And for other purposes, you stemmer. And for other purposes, you have the Potter stemer as well. have the Potter stemer as well. have the Potter stemer as well. Now, there are a lot of stemmers. There Now, there are a lot of stemmers. There Now, there are a lot of stemmers. There is one snowball stemer also present is one snowball stemer also present is one snowball stemer also present where you need to specify the language where you need to specify the language where you need to specify the language which you are using and then use the which you are using and then use the which you are using and then use the snowball stemmer. Now as we discussed snowball stemmer. Now as we discussed snowball stemmer. Now as we discussed that stemming algorithm works by cutting that stemming algorithm works by cutting that stemming algorithm works by cutting off the end or the beginning of the off the end or the beginning of the off the end or the beginning of the word. On the other hand leatization word. On the other hand leatization word. On the other hand leatization takes into consideration the takes into consideration the takes into consideration the morphological analysis of the word. Now morphological analysis of the word. Now morphological analysis of the word. Now in order to do so it is necessary to in order to do so it is necessary to in order to do so it is necessary to have a detailed dictionary which the have a detailed dictionary which the have a detailed dictionary which the algorithm can look into to link the form algorithm can look into to link the form algorithm can look into to link the form back to its lema. Now lemitization what back to its lema. Now lemitization what back to its lema. Now lemitization what it does is groups together different it does is groups together different it does is groups together different infected forms of a word which are infected forms of a word which are infected forms of a word which are called lema. It is somehow similar to called lema. It is somehow similar to called lema. It is somehow similar to stemming as it maps several words into a stemming as it maps several words into a stemming as it maps several words into a common root. Now one of the most common root. Now one of the most common root. Now one of the most important thing here to consider is that important thing here to consider is that important thing here to consider is that the output of limitization is a proper the output of limitization is a proper the output of limitization is a proper word unlike stemming in that case where word unlike stemming in that case where word unlike stemming in that case where we got the output as giv. Now giv is not we got the output as giv. Now giv is not we got the output as giv. Now giv is not any word it's just a stem. Now for any word it's just a stem. Now for any word it's just a stem. Now for example if a limitization should work on example if a limitization should work on example if a limitization should work on go on going and went it all stems into go on going and went it all stems into go on going and went it all stems into go because that is the root of the all go because that is the root of the all go because that is the root of the all the three words here. So let's go ahead the three words here. So let's go ahead the three words here. So let's go ahead and see how lemitization work on the and see how lemitization work on the and see how lemitization work on the given input data. Now for that we are given input data. Now for that we are given input data. Now for that we are going to import the leatizer from NLTK. going to import the leatizer from NLTK. going to import the leatizer from NLTK. Now we are also importing the word net Now we are also importing the word net Now we are also importing the word net here. As I mentioned earlier that here. As I mentioned earlier that here. As I mentioned earlier that lemitization requires a detailed lemitization requires a detailed lemitization requires a detailed dictionary because the output of it is a dictionary because the output of it is a dictionary because the output of it is a root word which is a particular given root word which is a particular given root word which is a particular given word. It's not just any random word. It word. It's not just any random word. It word. It's not just any random word. It is a proper word. So to find that proper is a proper word. So to find that proper is a proper word. So to find that proper word it needs a dictionary. So here we word it needs a dictionary. So here we word it needs a dictionary. So here we are providing the word net dictionary are providing the word net dictionary are providing the word net dictionary and we are using the word net leatizer. and we are using the word net leatizer. and we are using the word net leatizer. So passing the word corpora into the So passing the word corpora into the So passing the word corpora into the word net lematizer. So can you guys tell word net lematizer. So can you guys tell word net lematizer. So can you guys tell me what is the output of this one? I'll me what is the output of this one? I'll me what is the output of this one? I'll leave this up to you guys. I won't leave this up to you guys. I won't leave this up to you guys. I won't execute the sentence. Let me remove the execute the sentence. Let me remove the execute the sentence. Let me remove the sentence here. You guys tell me in the sentence here. You guys tell me in the sentence here. You guys tell me in the comments below what will be the output comments below what will be the output comments below what will be the output of the limitization of the word corpor. of the limitization of the word corpor. of the limitization of the word corpor. And what will be the output of the And what will be the output of the And what will be the output of the stemming? You guys execute that and let stemming? You guys execute that and let stemming? You guys execute that and let me know in the comment section below. me know in the comment section below. me know in the comment section below. Now let's take these words into Now let's take these words into Now let's take these words into consideration. Give, giving, given and consideration. Give, giving, given and consideration. Give, giving, given and gave and see what is the output of the gave and see what is the output of the gave and see what is the output of the limitization. limitization. limitization. So as you can see here the limitizer has So as you can see here the limitizer has So as you can see here the limitizer has kept the words as it is and this is kept the words as it is and this is kept the words as it is and this is because we haven't assigned any poss because we haven't assigned any poss because we haven't assigned any poss tags here and hence it has assumed all tags here and hence it has assumed all tags here and hence it has assumed all the words as nouns. Now you might be the words as nouns. Now you might be the words as nouns. Now you might be wondering what are poss tags. Well I'll wondering what are poss tags. Well I'll wondering what are poss tags. Well I'll tell you what are poss tags later in tell you what are poss tags later in tell you what are poss tags later in this video. So for just now let's keep this video. So for just now let's keep this video. So for just now let's keep it as simple as that is that poss tags it as simple as that is that poss tags it as simple as that is that poss tags usually tell us what exactly the given usually tell us what exactly the given usually tell us what exactly the given word is. Is it a noun? Is it a verb? Or word is. Is it a noun? Is it a verb? Or word is. Is it a noun? Is it a verb? Or is it different parts of speech? is it different parts of speech? is it different parts of speech? Basically POS stands for parts of Basically POS stands for parts of Basically POS stands for parts of speech. Now do you know that there are speech. Now do you know that there are speech. Now do you know that there are several words in the English language several words in the English language several words in the English language such as I, ate, for, above, below which such as I, ate, for, above, below which such as I, ate, for, above, below which are very useful in the formation of are very useful in the formation of are very useful in the formation of sentence and without it the sentence sentence and without it the sentence sentence and without it the sentence would make any sense. But these words do would make any sense. But these words do would make any sense. But these words do not provide any help in the natural not provide any help in the natural not provide any help in the natural language processing. And this list of language processing. And this list of language processing. And this list of words are also known as stop words. NLTK words are also known as stop words. NLTK words are also known as stop words. NLTK has its own list of stop words and you has its own list of stop words and you has its own list of stop words and you can use the same by importing it from can use the same by importing it from can use the same by importing it from the NLTK. corpus. the NLTK. corpus. the NLTK. corpus. So the question arises are they helpful So the question arises are they helpful So the question arises are they helpful or not? Yes, they are helpful in the or not? Yes, they are helpful in the or not? Yes, they are helpful in the creation of sentences but they are not creation of sentences but they are not creation of sentences but they are not helpful in the processing of the helpful in the processing of the helpful in the processing of the language. So let's check the list of language. So let's check the list of language. So let's check the list of stop word in the NLTK. stop word in the NLTK. stop word in the NLTK. So from nltkus we are importing the stop So from nltkus we are importing the stop So from nltkus we are importing the stop words and if we specify what all stop words and if we specify what all stop words and if we specify what all stop words are there in the English language. words are there in the English language. words are there in the English language. Let's see. So as you can see here we Let's see. So as you can see here we Let's see. So as you can see here we have the list of all the stop words have the list of all the stop words have the list of all the stop words which are defined in the English which are defined in the English which are defined in the English language. language. language. And we have 179 total number of stop And we have 179 total number of stop And we have 179 total number of stop words. Now as you can see here we have words. Now as you can see here we have words. Now as you can see here we have these words which are few, more, most, these words which are few, more, most, these words which are few, more, most, other, some. Now these words are very other, some. Now these words are very other, some. Now these words are very necessary in the formation of sentences. necessary in the formation of sentences. necessary in the formation of sentences. You cannot ignore these words. But for You cannot ignore these words. But for You cannot ignore these words. But for processing these are not important at processing these are not important at processing these are not important at all. So if you remember we had the top all. So if you remember we had the top all. So if you remember we had the top 10 tokens from that particular word that 10 tokens from that particular word that 10 tokens from that particular word that is the AI paragraph I mentioned earlier is the AI paragraph I mentioned earlier is the AI paragraph I mentioned earlier which was given as F test top 10. Let's which was given as F test top 10. Let's which was given as F test top 10. Let's take that into consideration and see take that into consideration and see take that into consideration and see what you can see here is that except what you can see here is that except what you can see here is that except intelligent and intelligence most of the intelligent and intelligence most of the intelligent and intelligence most of the words are either punctuation or stop words are either punctuation or stop words are either punctuation or stop words and hence can be removed. Now words and hence can be removed. Now words and hence can be removed. Now we'll use the compile from the re module we'll use the compile from the re module we'll use the compile from the re module to create a string that matches any to create a string that matches any to create a string that matches any digit or special character and then digit or special character and then digit or special character and then we'll see how we can remove the stop we'll see how we can remove the stop we'll see how we can remove the stop words. So if you have a look at the words. So if you have a look at the words. So if you have a look at the output of the post punctuation, output of the post punctuation, output of the post punctuation, you can see there are no stop words here you can see there are no stop words here you can see there are no stop words here in the particular given output. And if in the particular given output. And if in the particular given output. And if you have a look at the output of the you have a look at the output of the you have a look at the output of the length of the post punctuation, it's 233 length of the post punctuation, it's 233 length of the post punctuation, it's 233 compared to the 273 the length of the AI compared to the 273 the length of the AI compared to the 273 the length of the AI tokens. Now this is very necessary in tokens. Now this is very necessary in tokens. Now this is very necessary in language processing as it removes the language processing as it removes the language processing as it removes the all the unnecessary words which do not all the unnecessary words which do not all the unnecessary words which do not hold any much more meaning. hold any much more meaning. hold any much more meaning. Now coming to another important topic of Now coming to another important topic of Now coming to another important topic of natural language processing and text natural language processing and text natural language processing and text mining or text analysis is the parts of mining or text analysis is the parts of mining or text analysis is the parts of speech. Now generally speaking the speech. Now generally speaking the speech. Now generally speaking the grammatical type of the word which is grammatical type of the word which is grammatical type of the word which is the verb, noun, adjective, adverb, the verb, noun, adjective, adverb, the verb, noun, adjective, adverb, article indicates how a word functions article indicates how a word functions article indicates how a word functions in the meaning as well as the in the meaning as well as the in the meaning as well as the grammatical within the sentence. Now a grammatical within the sentence. Now a grammatical within the sentence. Now a word can have more than one part of word can have more than one part of word can have more than one part of speech based on the context in which it speech based on the context in which it speech based on the context in which it is used. For example, if you take the is used. For example, if you take the is used. For example, if you take the sentence into consideration, Google sentence into consideration, Google sentence into consideration, Google something on the internet. Now, here something on the internet. Now, here something on the internet. Now, here Google acts as a verb although it is a Google acts as a verb although it is a Google acts as a verb although it is a proper noun. So, as you can see here, we proper noun. So, as you can see here, we proper noun. So, as you can see here, we have so many types of POS tags and we have so many types of POS tags and we have so many types of POS tags and we have the descriptions of those various have the descriptions of those various have the descriptions of those various tags. So, we have the coordinating tags. So, we have the coordinating tags. So, we have the coordinating conjunction CC, cardinal number, CD, we conjunction CC, cardinal number, CD, we conjunction CC, cardinal number, CD, we have JJ as adjective, MD as modal, we have JJ as adjective, MD as modal, we have JJ as adjective, MD as modal, we have the proper noun, singular, pler, we have the proper noun, singular, pler, we have the proper noun, singular, pler, we have verbs, different types of verbs. We have verbs, different types of verbs. We have verbs, different types of verbs. We have interjection symbol. We have the Y have interjection symbol. We have the Y have interjection symbol. We have the Y pronoun and the Y adverb. Now we can use pronoun and the Y adverb. Now we can use pronoun and the Y adverb. Now we can use P tags as a statistical NLP task. It P tags as a statistical NLP task. It P tags as a statistical NLP task. It distinguishes the sense of the word distinguishes the sense of the word distinguishes the sense of the word which is very helpful in text which is very helpful in text which is very helpful in text realization and it is easy to evaluate realization and it is easy to evaluate realization and it is easy to evaluate as in how many tags are correct and you as in how many tags are correct and you as in how many tags are correct and you can also infer semantic information from can also infer semantic information from can also infer semantic information from the given text. So let's have a look at the given text. So let's have a look at the given text. So let's have a look at some of the examples of POS. So take the some of the examples of POS. So take the some of the examples of POS. So take the sentence the dog killed the bat. So here sentence the dog killed the bat. So here sentence the dog killed the bat. So here the is a determiner, dog is a noun, the is a determiner, dog is a noun, the is a determiner, dog is a noun, killed is a verb and again the bat are killed is a verb and again the bat are killed is a verb and again the bat are determiner and noun respectively. Now determiner and noun respectively. Now determiner and noun respectively. Now let's consider another sentence. The way let's consider another sentence. The way let's consider another sentence. The way to clear the plates from the table. So to clear the plates from the table. So to clear the plates from the table. So as you can see here all the tokens here as you can see here all the tokens here as you can see here all the tokens here correspond to a particular type of tag correspond to a particular type of tag correspond to a particular type of tag which is the parts of speech tag. It is which is the parts of speech tag. It is which is the parts of speech tag. It is very helpful in text realization. Now very helpful in text realization. Now very helpful in text realization. Now let's consider a string and check how let's consider a string and check how let's consider a string and check how NLTK performs POS tagging on it. So NLTK performs POS tagging on it. So NLTK performs POS tagging on it. So let's take the sentence Timothy is a let's take the sentence Timothy is a let's take the sentence Timothy is a natural when it comes to drawing. First natural when it comes to drawing. First natural when it comes to drawing. First we are going to tokenize it. And under we are going to tokenize it. And under we are going to tokenize it. And under NLTK only we have the poss tag option NLTK only we have the poss tag option NLTK only we have the poss tag option and we'll pass all the tokens here. So and we'll pass all the tokens here. So and we'll pass all the tokens here. So as you can see we have Timothy as noun as you can see we have Timothy as noun as you can see we have Timothy as noun is a verb or as a determiner natural as is a verb or as a determiner natural as is a verb or as a determiner natural as an adjective when as a verb it as a an adjective when as a verb it as a an adjective when as a verb it as a preposition comes as a verb to as a to preposition comes as a verb to as a to preposition comes as a verb to as a to and drawing as a verb again. So this is and drawing as a verb again. So this is and drawing as a verb again. So this is how you define the poss tags how you define the poss tags how you define the poss tags the PS tag function does all the work the PS tag function does all the work the PS tag function does all the work here. Now let's take another example here. Now let's take another example here. Now let's take another example here. John is eating a delicious cake here. John is eating a delicious cake here. John is eating a delicious cake and let's see what's the output of this and let's see what's the output of this and let's see what's the output of this one. Now here you can see that the one. Now here you can see that the one. Now here you can see that the tagger has tagged both the word is and tagger has tagged both the word is and tagger has tagged both the word is and eating as a verb because it has eating as a verb because it has eating as a verb because it has considered is eating as a single term. considered is eating as a single term. considered is eating as a single term. This is one of the few shortcomings of This is one of the few shortcomings of This is one of the few shortcomings of the posos taggers. One thing important the posos taggers. One thing important the posos taggers. One thing important to keep in mind. Now after poss taggings to keep in mind. Now after poss taggings to keep in mind. Now after poss taggings there is another important topic which there is another important topic which there is another important topic which is the named entity recognition. So what is the named entity recognition. So what is the named entity recognition. So what does it mean? Now the process of does it mean? Now the process of does it mean? Now the process of detecting the named entities such as the detecting the named entities such as the detecting the named entities such as the person name, the location name, the person name, the location name, the person name, the location name, the company name, the organization, the company name, the organization, the company name, the organization, the quantities and the monetary value is quantities and the monetary value is quantities and the monetary value is called the named entity recognition. Now called the named entity recognition. Now called the named entity recognition. Now named entity recognition we have three named entity recognition we have three named entity recognition we have three types of identification. Here we have types of identification. Here we have types of identification. Here we have the nonphrase identification. Now this the nonphrase identification. Now this the nonphrase identification. Now this step deals with extracting all the noun step deals with extracting all the noun step deals with extracting all the noun phrases from a text using dependency phrases from a text using dependency phrases from a text using dependency passing and parts of speech tagging. passing and parts of speech tagging. passing and parts of speech tagging. Then we have the phrase classification. Then we have the phrase classification. Then we have the phrase classification. The step classification. This is the The step classification. This is the The step classification. This is the classification step in which all the classification step in which all the classification step in which all the extracted noun phrases are classified extracted noun phrases are classified extracted noun phrases are classified into respective categories which are the into respective categories which are the into respective categories which are the location, names, organization and much location, names, organization and much location, names, organization and much more. And apart from this, one can more. And apart from this, one can more. And apart from this, one can curate the lookup tables and curate the lookup tables and curate the lookup tables and dictionaries by combining information dictionaries by combining information dictionaries by combining information from different sources. And finally we from different sources. And finally we from different sources. And finally we have the entity disambiguation. Now have the entity disambiguation. Now have the entity disambiguation. Now sometimes it is possible that the sometimes it is possible that the sometimes it is possible that the entities are mclassified. Hence creating entities are mclassified. Hence creating entities are mclassified. Hence creating a validation layer on top of the result a validation layer on top of the result a validation layer on top of the result is very useful and the use of knowledge is very useful and the use of knowledge is very useful and the use of knowledge graphs can be exploited for this graphs can be exploited for this graphs can be exploited for this purpose. Now the popular knowledge purpose. Now the popular knowledge purpose. Now the popular knowledge graphs are Google knowledge graph, the graphs are Google knowledge graph, the graphs are Google knowledge graph, the IBM Watson and Wikipedia. IBM Watson and Wikipedia. IBM Watson and Wikipedia. So let's take a sentence into So let's take a sentence into So let's take a sentence into consideration that the Google CEO Sunda consideration that the Google CEO Sunda consideration that the Google CEO Sunda Pichai introduced the new pixel at Pichai introduced the new pixel at Pichai introduced the new pixel at Minnesota Roy Center event. So as you Minnesota Roy Center event. So as you Minnesota Roy Center event. So as you can see here Google is an organization. can see here Google is an organization. can see here Google is an organization. Sundapai is a person. Minnesota is a Sundapai is a person. Minnesota is a Sundapai is a person. Minnesota is a location and the Roy center event is location and the Roy center event is location and the Roy center event is also tagged as an organization. Now for also tagged as an organization. Now for also tagged as an organization. Now for using any in Python we'll have to import using any in Python we'll have to import using any in Python we'll have to import the NE chunk from the NLTK module which the NE chunk from the NLTK module which the NE chunk from the NLTK module which is present in Python. So let's consider is present in Python. So let's consider is present in Python. So let's consider a text data here and see how we can a text data here and see how we can a text data here and see how we can perform the ne using the NLTK library. perform the ne using the NLTK library. perform the ne using the NLTK library. So first we need to import the necore So first we need to import the necore So first we need to import the necore chunk here. Let's consider the sentence chunk here. Let's consider the sentence chunk here. Let's consider the sentence here. We have the US president stays in here. We have the US president stays in here. We have the US president stays in the white house. So we need to do all the white house. So we need to do all the white house. So we need to do all these processes again. We need to these processes again. We need to these processes again. We need to tokenize the sentence first and then add tokenize the sentence first and then add tokenize the sentence first and then add the POS tax and then if we use the any the POS tax and then if we use the any the POS tax and then if we use the any chunk function and pass the list of chunk function and pass the list of chunk function and pass the list of tpples containing POS tax to it. Let's tpples containing POS tax to it. Let's tpples containing POS tax to it. Let's see the output. So as you can see the US see the output. So as you can see the US see the output. So as you can see the US here is recognized as an organization here is recognized as an organization here is recognized as an organization and white house is clubed together as a and white house is clubed together as a and white house is clubed together as a single entity and is recognized as a single entity and is recognized as a single entity and is recognized as a facility. Now this is only possible facility. Now this is only possible facility. Now this is only possible because of the POS tagging. Without the because of the POS tagging. Without the because of the POS tagging. Without the POS tagging it would be very hard to POS tagging it would be very hard to POS tagging it would be very hard to detect the named entities of the given detect the named entities of the given detect the named entities of the given tokens. tokens. tokens. Now that we have understood what are Now that we have understood what are Now that we have understood what are named engine recognition and yes, let's named engine recognition and yes, let's named engine recognition and yes, let's go ahead and understand one of the most go ahead and understand one of the most go ahead and understand one of the most important topic in NLP and text mining important topic in NLP and text mining important topic in NLP and text mining which is the syntax. which is the syntax. which is the syntax. So what is a syntax? So what is a syntax? So what is a syntax? So in linguistics syntax is the set of So in linguistics syntax is the set of So in linguistics syntax is the set of rules, principle and the processes that rules, principle and the processes that rules, principle and the processes that govern the structure of a given sentence govern the structure of a given sentence govern the structure of a given sentence in a given language. The term syntax is in a given language. The term syntax is in a given language. The term syntax is also used to refer to the study of such also used to refer to the study of such also used to refer to the study of such principles and processes. So what we principles and processes. So what we principles and processes. So what we have here are certain rules as to what have here are certain rules as to what have here are certain rules as to what part of the sentence should come at what part of the sentence should come at what part of the sentence should come at what position. With these rules, one can position. With these rules, one can position. With these rules, one can create a syntax tree whenever there is a create a syntax tree whenever there is a create a syntax tree whenever there is a sentence input. Now syntax tree in sentence input. Now syntax tree in sentence input. Now syntax tree in layman terms is basically a tree layman terms is basically a tree layman terms is basically a tree representation of the syntactic representation of the syntactic representation of the syntactic structure of the sentence of the structure of the sentence of the structure of the sentence of the strings. It is a way of representing the strings. It is a way of representing the strings. It is a way of representing the syntax of a programming language as a syntax of a programming language as a syntax of a programming language as a hierarchical tree structure. This hierarchical tree structure. This hierarchical tree structure. This structure is used for generating symbol structure is used for generating symbol structure is used for generating symbol tables for compilers and later code tables for compilers and later code tables for compilers and later code generation. The T represents all the generation. The T represents all the generation. The T represents all the constructs in the language and their constructs in the language and their constructs in the language and their subsequent rules. So let's consider the subsequent rules. So let's consider the subsequent rules. So let's consider the statement the cat sat on the mat. So as statement the cat sat on the mat. So as statement the cat sat on the mat. So as you can see here the input is a sentence you can see here the input is a sentence you can see here the input is a sentence or a war phrase and it has been or a war phrase and it has been or a war phrase and it has been classified into non-phrase and the classified into non-phrase and the classified into non-phrase and the prepositional phrase. Again the noun prepositional phrase. Again the noun prepositional phrase. Again the noun phrase is classified into article and phrase is classified into article and phrase is classified into article and noun and again we have the verb which is noun and again we have the verb which is noun and again we have the verb which is sat. And finally we have the preposition sat. And finally we have the preposition sat. And finally we have the preposition on the article and the noun which are on the article and the noun which are on the article and the noun which are the and matt. Now in order to render the and matt. Now in order to render the and matt. Now in order to render syntax trees in our notebook you need to syntax trees in our notebook you need to syntax trees in our notebook you need to install the ghost strip which is a install the ghost strip which is a install the ghost strip which is a rendering engine. Now this takes a lot rendering engine. Now this takes a lot rendering engine. Now this takes a lot of time and let me show you from where of time and let me show you from where of time and let me show you from where you can download the ghost script. Just you can download the ghost script. Just you can download the ghost script. Just type in download ghost script and type in download ghost script and type in download ghost script and select the latest version here. select the latest version here. select the latest version here. So as you can see we have two types of So as you can see we have two types of So as you can see we have two types of license here. We have the general public license here. We have the general public license here. We have the general public license and the commercial license as license and the commercial license as license and the commercial license as creating syntax and following it is a creating syntax and following it is a creating syntax and following it is a very important part. It is also very important part. It is also very important part. It is also available for commercial license and it available for commercial license and it available for commercial license and it is very useful. So I'm not going to go is very useful. So I'm not going to go is very useful. So I'm not going to go much deeper into what syntax tree is and much deeper into what syntax tree is and much deeper into what syntax tree is and how we can do that. So now that we have how we can do that. So now that we have how we can do that. So now that we have understood what are syntax trees, let's understood what are syntax trees, let's understood what are syntax trees, let's discuss the important concept with discuss the important concept with discuss the important concept with respect to analyzing the sentence respect to analyzing the sentence respect to analyzing the sentence structure which is chunking. So chunking structure which is chunking. So chunking structure which is chunking. So chunking basically means picking up individual basically means picking up individual basically means picking up individual pieces of information and grouping them pieces of information and grouping them pieces of information and grouping them into bigger pieces. And these bigger into bigger pieces. And these bigger into bigger pieces. And these bigger pieces are also known as chunks. In the pieces are also known as chunks. In the pieces are also known as chunks. In the context of NLP and text mining, chunking context of NLP and text mining, chunking context of NLP and text mining, chunking means grouping of words or tokens into means grouping of words or tokens into means grouping of words or tokens into chunks. So let's have a look at the chunks. So let's have a look at the chunks. So let's have a look at the example here. So the sentence into example here. So the sentence into example here. So the sentence into consideration here is we caught the consideration here is we caught the consideration here is we caught the black panther. V is a preposition. C is black panther. V is a preposition. C is black panther. V is a preposition. C is a verb. The determiner, black is an a verb. The determiner, black is an a verb. The determiner, black is an adjective and panther is a noun. So what adjective and panther is a noun. So what adjective and panther is a noun. So what it has done is here as you can see is it has done is here as you can see is it has done is here as you can see is that pink which is an adjective, panther that pink which is an adjective, panther that pink which is an adjective, panther which is a noun and the is a determiner which is a noun and the is a determiner which is a noun and the is a determiner are chunked together in the noun phrase. are chunked together in the noun phrase. are chunked together in the noun phrase. So let's go ahead and see how we can So let's go ahead and see how we can So let's go ahead and see how we can implement chunking using the NLTK. implement chunking using the NLTK. implement chunking using the NLTK. So let's take the sentence the big cat So let's take the sentence the big cat So let's take the sentence the big cat ate little mouse who was after the fresh ate little mouse who was after the fresh ate little mouse who was after the fresh cheese. We'll use the POSOS tax here and cheese. We'll use the POSOS tax here and cheese. We'll use the POSOS tax here and also use the tokenizing function here. also use the tokenizing function here. also use the tokenizing function here. So, as you can see here, we have the So, as you can see here, we have the So, as you can see here, we have the tokens and we have the POS tags. What tokens and we have the POS tags. What tokens and we have the POS tags. What we'll do now is create a grammar from a we'll do now is create a grammar from a we'll do now is create a grammar from a noun phrase and we'll mention the tags noun phrase and we'll mention the tags noun phrase and we'll mention the tags that we want in our chunk phrase within that we want in our chunk phrase within that we want in our chunk phrase within the curly braces. So, that will be our the curly braces. So, that will be our the curly braces. So, that will be our grammar np. Now, here we have created a grammar np. Now, here we have created a grammar np. Now, here we have created a regular expression matching string. Now regular expression matching string. Now regular expression matching string. Now we'll now have to pass the chunk and we'll now have to pass the chunk and we'll now have to pass the chunk and hence we'll create a chunk pass and pass hence we'll create a chunk pass and pass hence we'll create a chunk pass and pass our non-free string to it. So as you can our non-free string to it. So as you can our non-free string to it. So as you can see we have a certain error and let me see we have a certain error and let me see we have a certain error and let me tell you why this error occurred. So tell you why this error occurred. So tell you why this error occurred. So this error occurred because we do not this error occurred because we do not this error occurred because we do not use the co script and we do not form the use the co script and we do not form the use the co script and we do not form the syntactical tree. But in the final syntactical tree. But in the final syntactical tree. But in the final output we have a tree tree structure output we have a tree tree structure output we have a tree tree structure here which is not exactly in the here which is not exactly in the here which is not exactly in the visualization part but it's there. So as visualization part but it's there. So as visualization part but it's there. So as you can see here we have the NP noun you can see here we have the NP noun you can see here we have the NP noun phrase for the little mouse. Again we phrase for the little mouse. Again we phrase for the little mouse. Again we have the noun phrase for fresh cheese have the noun phrase for fresh cheese have the noun phrase for fresh cheese also. also. also. Although fresh is an adjective and Although fresh is an adjective and Although fresh is an adjective and cheese is a noun. It has considered a cheese is a noun. It has considered a cheese is a noun. It has considered a noun phrase of these two words. So this noun phrase of these two words. So this noun phrase of these two words. So this is how you execute chunking in NLTK is how you execute chunking in NLTK is how you execute chunking in NLTK library. So by now we have learned library. So by now we have learned library. So by now we have learned almost all the important steps in text almost all the important steps in text almost all the important steps in text processing and let's apply them all in processing and let's apply them all in processing and let's apply them all in building a machine learning classifier building a machine learning classifier building a machine learning classifier on the movie reviews from the NLTK on the movie reviews from the NLTK on the movie reviews from the NLTK corpora. corpora. corpora. So for that first let me import all the So for that first let me import all the So for that first let me import all the libraries libraries libraries which are the pandas the numpy library. which are the pandas the numpy library. which are the pandas the numpy library. Now these are the basic libraries needed Now these are the basic libraries needed Now these are the basic libraries needed in any machine learning algorithm. in any machine learning algorithm. in any machine learning algorithm. We are also importing the count We are also importing the count We are also importing the count vectorzer. I'll tell you why it is used vectorzer. I'll tell you why it is used vectorzer. I'll tell you why it is used later. Now let's just import it for now. later. Now let's just import it for now. later. Now let's just import it for now. So again if we have a look at the So again if we have a look at the So again if we have a look at the different elements of the corpora as we different elements of the corpora as we different elements of the corpora as we saw earlier in the beginning of our saw earlier in the beginning of our saw earlier in the beginning of our session we have so many files in the session we have so many files in the session we have so many files in the given NLTK corpora. Now let's now access given NLTK corpora. Now let's now access given NLTK corpora. Now let's now access the movie reviews corporates under the the movie reviews corporates under the the movie reviews corporates under the NLTK corpora. As you can see here we NLTK corpora. As you can see here we NLTK corpora. As you can see here we have the movie reviews. For that we are have the movie reviews. For that we are have the movie reviews. For that we are going to import the movie reviews from going to import the movie reviews from going to import the movie reviews from the NLTK corporus. So if you have a look the NLTK corporus. So if you have a look the NLTK corporus. So if you have a look at the different categories of the movie at the different categories of the movie at the different categories of the movie reviews, we have two categories which reviews, we have two categories which reviews, we have two categories which are the negative and the positive. So if are the negative and the positive. So if are the negative and the positive. So if you have a look at the positive, we can you have a look at the positive, we can you have a look at the positive, we can see we have so many text files here. see we have so many text files here. see we have so many text files here. Similarly, if we have a look at the Similarly, if we have a look at the Similarly, if we have a look at the negative, we have thousand negative negative, we have thousand negative negative, we have thousand negative files also here which have the negative files also here which have the negative files also here which have the negative feedbacks. feedbacks. feedbacks. So let's take a particular positive one So let's take a particular positive one So let's take a particular positive one into consideration which is the CV29590. into consideration which is the CV29590. into consideration which is the CV29590. You can take any one of the files here You can take any one of the files here You can take any one of the files here doesn't matter. Now the above doesn't matter. Now the above doesn't matter. Now the above tokenization as you can see here the tokenization as you can see here the tokenization as you can see here the file is already tokenized but it is file is already tokenized but it is file is already tokenized but it is generally useful for us to do the generally useful for us to do the generally useful for us to do the tokenization but the above tokenization tokenization but the above tokenization tokenization but the above tokenization has increased our work here and in order has increased our work here and in order has increased our work here and in order to use the count vectorzer and the TF to use the count vectorzer and the TF to use the count vectorzer and the TF IDF we must pass the strings instead of IDF we must pass the strings instead of IDF we must pass the strings instead of the tokens. Now in order to convert the the tokens. Now in order to convert the the tokens. Now in order to convert the strings into token we can use the D strings into token we can use the D strings into token we can use the D tokenizer within the NLTK but uh that tokenizer within the NLTK but uh that tokenizer within the NLTK but uh that has some licensing issues as of now with has some licensing issues as of now with has some licensing issues as of now with the with the cond environment. So the with the cond environment. So the with the cond environment. So instead of that we can also use the join instead of that we can also use the join instead of that we can also use the join method to join all the tokens of the method to join all the tokens of the method to join all the tokens of the list into a single string and that's list into a single string and that's list into a single string and that's what we are going to use here. So first what we are going to use here. So first what we are going to use here. So first we are going to create an empty list and we are going to create an empty list and we are going to create an empty list and append all the tokens within it. We have append all the tokens within it. We have append all the tokens within it. We have the review list that is an empty list. the review list that is an empty list. the review list that is an empty list. Now what we are going to do here is Now what we are going to do here is Now what we are going to do here is remove all the extra spaces the commas remove all the extra spaces the commas remove all the extra spaces the commas from the list while appending it to the from the list while appending it to the from the list while appending it to the empty list and perform the same for the empty list and perform the same for the empty list and perform the same for the positive and the negative reviews. So positive and the negative reviews. So positive and the negative reviews. So this one we are doing it for the this one we are doing it for the this one we are doing it for the negative reviews and then we'll do the negative reviews and then we'll do the negative reviews and then we'll do the same for the positive reviews as well. same for the positive reviews as well. same for the positive reviews as well. So if you have a look at the length of So if you have a look at the length of So if you have a look at the length of this negative review list, it's 1,000. this negative review list, it's 1,000. this negative review list, it's 1,000. And the moment we add the positive And the moment we add the positive And the moment we add the positive reviews also, I think the length should reviews also, I think the length should reviews also, I think the length should reach 2,000. reach 2,000. reach 2,000. So let me just define the positive So let me just define the positive So let me just define the positive reviews. reviews. reviews. Now execute the same for positive Now execute the same for positive Now execute the same for positive reviews. And then again if we have a reviews. And then again if we have a reviews. And then again if we have a look at the length of the review list, look at the length of the review list, look at the length of the review list, it should be 2,000. That is good. Now it should be 2,000. That is good. Now it should be 2,000. That is good. Now let us now create the targets. before let us now create the targets. before let us now create the targets. before creating the FE features for our creating the FE features for our creating the FE features for our classifiers. classifiers. classifiers. So while creating the targets we are So while creating the targets we are So while creating the targets we are using the negative reviews here we are using the negative reviews here we are using the negative reviews here we are denoting it as zero and for the positive denoting it as zero and for the positive denoting it as zero and for the positive reviews we are converting it into one reviews we are converting it into one reviews we are converting it into one and also we will create an empty list and also we will create an empty list and also we will create an empty list and we'll add th00and zeros followed by and we'll add th00and zeros followed by and we'll add th00and zeros followed by th00and ones into the empty list. th00and ones into the empty list. th00and ones into the empty list. Now we'll create a panda series for the Now we'll create a panda series for the Now we'll create a panda series for the target list. Now the type of Y must target list. Now the type of Y must target list. Now the type of Y must result into a pandas series. So if you result into a pandas series. So if you result into a pandas series. So if you have a look at the output of the type of have a look at the output of the type of have a look at the output of the type of Y, it is pandas.code or series. That is Y, it is pandas.code or series. That is Y, it is pandas.code or series. That is good. Now let's have a look at the first good. Now let's have a look at the first good. Now let's have a look at the first five entries of the series. five entries of the series. five entries of the series. So as you can see it is th00and zeros So as you can see it is th00and zeros So as you can see it is th00and zeros which were followed by thousand ones. So which were followed by thousand ones. So which were followed by thousand ones. So the first five inputs are all zeros. Now the first five inputs are all zeros. Now the first five inputs are all zeros. Now we can start creating features using the we can start creating features using the we can start creating features using the count vectorzer or the bag of words. For count vectorzer or the bag of words. For count vectorzer or the bag of words. For that we need to import the count that we need to import the count that we need to import the count vectorzer. vectorzer. vectorzer. Now once we have initialized the Now once we have initialized the Now once we have initialized the vectorzer now we need to fit it onto the vectorzer now we need to fit it onto the vectorzer now we need to fit it onto the rev list. Now let us now have a look at rev list. Now let us now have a look at rev list. Now let us now have a look at the dimensions of this particular the dimensions of this particular the dimensions of this particular vector. So as you can see it's 2,000 by vector. So as you can see it's 2,000 by vector. So as you can see it's 2,000 by 16,228. 16,228. 16,228. Now we are going to create a list with Now we are going to create a list with Now we are going to create a list with the names of all the features by typing the names of all the features by typing the names of all the features by typing the vectorzer name. So as you can see the vectorzer name. So as you can see the vectorzer name. So as you can see here we have our list. Now what we'll do here we have our list. Now what we'll do here we have our list. Now what we'll do is we'll create a pandas data frame by is we'll create a pandas data frame by is we'll create a pandas data frame by passing the sci matrix as values and passing the sci matrix as values and passing the sci matrix as values and feature names as the column names. Now feature names as the column names. Now feature names as the column names. Now let us now check the dimension of this let us now check the dimension of this let us now check the dimension of this particular pandas data frame. So as you particular pandas data frame. So as you particular pandas data frame. So as you can see it's the same dimension 200x can see it's the same dimension 200x can see it's the same dimension 200x 16,228. 16,228. 16,228. Now if we have a look at the top five Now if we have a look at the top five Now if we have a look at the top five rows of the data frame. So as you can rows of the data frame. So as you can rows of the data frame. So as you can see here we have 16,228 see here we have 16,228 see here we have 16,228 columns with five rows and all the columns with five rows and all the columns with five rows and all the inputs are here zero. Now the data frame inputs are here zero. Now the data frame inputs are here zero. Now the data frame we are going to do is now split it into we are going to do is now split it into we are going to do is now split it into training and testing sets and let us now training and testing sets and let us now training and testing sets and let us now examine the training and the test sets examine the training and the test sets examine the training and the test sets as well. So as you can see the size here as well. So as you can see the size here as well. So as you can see the size here we have defined as 0.25 we have defined as 0.25 we have defined as 0.25 that is the test set that is 25%. The that is the test set that is 25%. The that is the test set that is 25%. The training set will have the 75% of the training set will have the 75% of the training set will have the 75% of the particular data frame. So if you have a particular data frame. So if you have a particular data frame. So if you have a look at the shape of the X train, we look at the shape of the X train, we look at the shape of the X train, we have 15,000 have 15,000 have 15,000 and if we have a look at the dimension and if we have a look at the dimension and if we have a look at the dimension of X test, this is 5,000. of X test, this is 5,000. of X test, this is 5,000. So now our data is split. Now we'll use So now our data is split. Now we'll use So now our data is split. Now we'll use the nave bias classifier for text the nave bias classifier for text the nave bias classifier for text classification over the training and classification over the training and classification over the training and testing sets. testing sets. testing sets. So now most of you guys might already be So now most of you guys might already be So now most of you guys might already be aware of what a nave bias classifier is. aware of what a nave bias classifier is. aware of what a nave bias classifier is. So it is basically a classification So it is basically a classification So it is basically a classification technique based on the base theorem with technique based on the base theorem with technique based on the base theorem with an assumption of independence among an assumption of independence among an assumption of independence among predictors. In simple terms, a nave bi predictors. In simple terms, a nave bi predictors. In simple terms, a nave bi classifier assumes that the presence of classifier assumes that the presence of classifier assumes that the presence of a particular feature in a class is a particular feature in a class is a particular feature in a class is unrelated to the presence of any other unrelated to the presence of any other unrelated to the presence of any other feature. To know more, you can watch our feature. To know more, you can watch our feature. To know more, you can watch our nave bi classifier video the link to nave bi classifier video the link to nave bi classifier video the link to which is given in the description box which is given in the description box which is given in the description box below. If you want to pause at this below. If you want to pause at this below. If you want to pause at this moment of time and check quickly what a moment of time and check quickly what a moment of time and check quickly what a neclassifier does and how it works, you neclassifier does and how it works, you neclassifier does and how it works, you can check that video and come back here. can check that video and come back here. can check that video and come back here. Now to implement nave bias algorithm in Now to implement nave bias algorithm in Now to implement nave bias algorithm in python we'll use the following library python we'll use the following library python we'll use the following library and the functions. We are going to and the functions. We are going to and the functions. We are going to import the gshian nb from sklearn import the gshian nb from sklearn import the gshian nb from sklearn library which is a scikitlearn. We are library which is a scikitlearn. We are library which is a scikitlearn. We are going to instantiate the classifier now going to instantiate the classifier now going to instantiate the classifier now and fit the classifier with the training and fit the classifier with the training and fit the classifier with the training features and the labels. features and the labels. features and the labels. We are also going to import the We are also going to import the We are also going to import the multinnomial nave bias because we do not multinnomial nave bias because we do not multinnomial nave bias because we do not have only two features here. We have the have only two features here. We have the have only two features here. We have the multinnomial features. So now we have multinnomial features. So now we have multinnomial features. So now we have passed the training and the test data passed the training and the test data passed the training and the test data set to this particular multinnomial n set to this particular multinnomial n set to this particular multinnomial n bias and then we will use the predict bias and then we will use the predict bias and then we will use the predict function and pass the training features. function and pass the training features. function and pass the training features. Now let's have a look and check the Now let's have a look and check the Now let's have a look and check the accuracy of this particular metrics. So accuracy of this particular metrics. So accuracy of this particular metrics. So as you can see here the accuracy here is as you can see here the accuracy here is as you can see here the accuracy here is one that is very highly unlikely but one that is very highly unlikely but one that is very highly unlikely but since it has given one that means it is since it has given one that means it is since it has given one that means it is overfitting and it is overly accurate. overfitting and it is overly accurate. overfitting and it is overly accurate. And you can also check the confusion And you can also check the confusion And you can also check the confusion matrix for the same. For that what you matrix for the same. For that what you matrix for the same. For that what you need to do is use the confusion matrix need to do is use the confusion matrix need to do is use the confusion matrix on these variables which is y test and y on these variables which is y test and y on these variables which is y test and y predicted. So as you can see here predicted. So as you can see here predicted. So as you can see here although it has predicted 100% accuracy although it has predicted 100% accuracy although it has predicted 100% accuracy the accuracy is one. This is very highly the accuracy is one. This is very highly the accuracy is one. This is very highly unlikely and you might have got a unlikely and you might have got a unlikely and you might have got a different output for this one. I've got different output for this one. I've got different output for this one. I've got the output here as 1.0. You might have the output here as 1.0. You might have the output here as 1.0. You might have got an output as 0.6 0.7 or any number got an output as 0.6 0.7 or any number got an output as 0.6 0.7 or any number in between 0 and 1. What is KN&amp;N algorithm? Well, K nearest What is KN&amp;N algorithm? Well, K nearest What is KN&amp;N algorithm? Well, K nearest neighbor is a simple algorithm that neighbor is a simple algorithm that neighbor is a simple algorithm that stores all the available cases and stores all the available cases and stores all the available cases and classify the new data or case based on a classify the new data or case based on a classify the new data or case based on a similarity measure. It suggests that if similarity measure. It suggests that if similarity measure. It suggests that if you are similar to your neighbors, then you are similar to your neighbors, then you are similar to your neighbors, then you are one of them, right? For example, you are one of them, right? For example, you are one of them, right? For example, if apple looks more similar to banana, if apple looks more similar to banana, if apple looks more similar to banana, orange or melon rather than a monkey, orange or melon rather than a monkey, orange or melon rather than a monkey, rat or a cat, then most likely apple rat or a cat, then most likely apple rat or a cat, then most likely apple belong to the group of fruits. All belong to the group of fruits. All belong to the group of fruits. All right. Well, in general, KN&amp;N is used in right. Well, in general, KN&amp;N is used in right. Well, in general, KN&amp;N is used in search application where you're looking search application where you're looking search application where you're looking for similar items. That is when your for similar items. That is when your for similar items. That is when your task is some form of find items similar task is some form of find items similar task is some form of find items similar to this one. Then you call the search as to this one. Then you call the search as to this one. Then you call the search as a KN&amp;N search. But what is this K in a KN&amp;N search. But what is this K in a KN&amp;N search. But what is this K in KN&amp;N? Well, this K denotes the number of KN&amp;N? Well, this K denotes the number of KN&amp;N? Well, this K denotes the number of nearest neighbor which are voting class nearest neighbor which are voting class nearest neighbor which are voting class of the new data or the testing data. For of the new data or the testing data. For of the new data or the testing data. For example, if K equal 1, then the testing example, if K equal 1, then the testing example, if K equal 1, then the testing data are given the same label as the data are given the same label as the data are given the same label as the closest example in the training set. closest example in the training set. closest example in the training set. Similarly, if k equal 3, the labels of Similarly, if k equal 3, the labels of Similarly, if k equal 3, the labels of the three closest classes are checked the three closest classes are checked the three closest classes are checked and the most common label is assigned to and the most common label is assigned to and the most common label is assigned to the testing data. So this is what a k the testing data. So this is what a k the testing data. So this is what a k and kn algorithm means. So moving on and kn algorithm means. So moving on and kn algorithm means. So moving on ahead, let's see some of the example of ahead, let's see some of the example of ahead, let's see some of the example of scenarios where KN&amp;N is used in the scenarios where KN&amp;N is used in the scenarios where KN&amp;N is used in the industry. So let's see the industrial industry. So let's see the industrial industry. So let's see the industrial application of KN&amp;N algorithm starting application of KN&amp;N algorithm starting application of KN&amp;N algorithm starting with recommended system. Well, the with recommended system. Well, the with recommended system. Well, the biggest use case of KN&amp;N search is a biggest use case of KN&amp;N search is a biggest use case of KN&amp;N search is a recommended system. This recommended recommended system. This recommended recommended system. This recommended system is like an automated form of a system is like an automated form of a system is like an automated form of a shop counter guy. When you're asking for shop counter guy. When you're asking for shop counter guy. When you're asking for a product, not only shows you the a product, not only shows you the a product, not only shows you the product, but also suggests you or product, but also suggests you or product, but also suggests you or displays your relevant set of products displays your relevant set of products displays your relevant set of products which are related to the item you're which are related to the item you're which are related to the item you're already interested in buying. This KN&amp;N already interested in buying. This KN&amp;N already interested in buying. This KN&amp;N algorithm applies to recommending algorithm applies to recommending algorithm applies to recommending products like an Amazon or for products like an Amazon or for products like an Amazon or for recommending media like in case of recommending media like in case of recommending media like in case of Netflix or even for recommending Netflix or even for recommending Netflix or even for recommending advertisement to display to a user. If advertisement to display to a user. If advertisement to display to a user. If I'm not wrong, almost all of you must I'm not wrong, almost all of you must I'm not wrong, almost all of you must have used Amazon for shopping, right? have used Amazon for shopping, right? have used Amazon for shopping, right? So, just to tell you more than 35% of So, just to tell you more than 35% of So, just to tell you more than 35% of Amazon.com's revenue is generated by its Amazon.com's revenue is generated by its Amazon.com's revenue is generated by its recommendation engine. So what's their recommendation engine. So what's their recommendation engine. So what's their strategy? Amazon uses recommendation as strategy? Amazon uses recommendation as strategy? Amazon uses recommendation as a targeted marketing tool in both the a targeted marketing tool in both the a targeted marketing tool in both the email campaigns and on most of its email campaigns and on most of its email campaigns and on most of its website pages. Amazon will recommend website pages. Amazon will recommend website pages. Amazon will recommend many products from different categories many products from different categories many products from different categories based on what you are browsing and it based on what you are browsing and it based on what you are browsing and it will pull those products in front of you will pull those products in front of you will pull those products in front of you which you are likely to buy like the which you are likely to buy like the which you are likely to buy like the frequently bought together option that frequently bought together option that frequently bought together option that comes at the bottom of the product page comes at the bottom of the product page comes at the bottom of the product page to tempt you into buying the combo. to tempt you into buying the combo. to tempt you into buying the combo. Well, this recommendation has just one Well, this recommendation has just one Well, this recommendation has just one main goal that is increase average order main goal that is increase average order main goal that is increase average order value or to upsell and cross-ell value or to upsell and cross-ell value or to upsell and cross-ell customers by providing product customers by providing product customers by providing product suggestion based on items in the suggestion based on items in the suggestion based on items in the shopping cart or based on the product shopping cart or based on the product shopping cart or based on the product they are currently looking at on site. they are currently looking at on site. they are currently looking at on site. So, next industrial application of KN&amp;N So, next industrial application of KN&amp;N So, next industrial application of KN&amp;N algorithm is concept search or searching algorithm is concept search or searching algorithm is concept search or searching semantically similar documents and semantically similar documents and semantically similar documents and classifying documents containing similar classifying documents containing similar classifying documents containing similar topics. So, as you know the data on the topics. So, as you know the data on the topics. So, as you know the data on the internet is increasing exponentially internet is increasing exponentially internet is increasing exponentially every single second. There are billions every single second. There are billions every single second. There are billions and billions of documents on the and billions of documents on the and billions of documents on the internet. Each document on the internet internet. Each document on the internet internet. Each document on the internet contains multiple concepts that could be contains multiple concepts that could be contains multiple concepts that could be a potential concept. Now there's a a potential concept. Now there's a a potential concept. Now there's a situation where the main problem is to situation where the main problem is to situation where the main problem is to extract concept from a set of documents extract concept from a set of documents extract concept from a set of documents as each page could have thousands of as each page could have thousands of as each page could have thousands of combination that could be potential combination that could be potential combination that could be potential concepts. An average document could have concepts. An average document could have concepts. An average document could have millions of concept. Combine that with millions of concept. Combine that with millions of concept. Combine that with the vast amount of data on the web. the vast amount of data on the web. the vast amount of data on the web. Well, we are talking about an enormous Well, we are talking about an enormous Well, we are talking about an enormous amount of data set and sample. So what amount of data set and sample. So what amount of data set and sample. So what we need here? We need to find a concept we need here? We need to find a concept we need here? We need to find a concept from the enormous amount of data set and from the enormous amount of data set and from the enormous amount of data set and samples. Right? So for this purpose, samples. Right? So for this purpose, samples. Right? So for this purpose, we'll be using KN&amp;N algorithm. More we'll be using KN&amp;N algorithm. More we'll be using KN&amp;N algorithm. More advanced example could include advanced example could include advanced example could include handwriting detection like an OCR or handwriting detection like an OCR or handwriting detection like an OCR or image recognization or even video image recognization or even video image recognization or even video recognization. recognization. recognization. All right. So now that you know various All right. So now that you know various All right. So now that you know various use cases of KN&amp;N algorithm, let's use cases of KN&amp;N algorithm, let's use cases of KN&amp;N algorithm, let's proceed and see how does it work. So how proceed and see how does it work. So how proceed and see how does it work. So how does a KN&amp;N algorithm work? Let's start does a KN&amp;N algorithm work? Let's start does a KN&amp;N algorithm work? Let's start by plotting these blue and orange point by plotting these blue and orange point by plotting these blue and orange point on our graph. So these blue points they on our graph. So these blue points they on our graph. So these blue points they belong to class A and the orange ones belong to class A and the orange ones belong to class A and the orange ones they belong to class B. Now you get a they belong to class B. Now you get a they belong to class B. Now you get a star as a new point and your task is to star as a new point and your task is to star as a new point and your task is to predict whether this new point it predict whether this new point it predict whether this new point it belongs to class A or it belongs to belongs to class A or it belongs to belongs to class A or it belongs to class B. So to start the prediction the class B. So to start the prediction the class B. So to start the prediction the very first thing that you have to do is very first thing that you have to do is very first thing that you have to do is select the value of K. Just as I told select the value of K. Just as I told select the value of K. Just as I told you K in KN&amp;N algorithm refers to the you K in KN&amp;N algorithm refers to the you K in KN&amp;N algorithm refers to the number of nearest neighbors that you number of nearest neighbors that you number of nearest neighbors that you want to select. For example, in this want to select. For example, in this want to select. For example, in this case K equal 3. So what does it mean? It case K equal 3. So what does it mean? It case K equal 3. So what does it mean? It means that I'm selecting three points means that I'm selecting three points means that I'm selecting three points which have the least distance to the new which have the least distance to the new which have the least distance to the new point or you can say I'm selecting three point or you can say I'm selecting three point or you can say I'm selecting three different points which are closest to different points which are closest to different points which are closest to the star. Well, at this point of time the star. Well, at this point of time the star. Well, at this point of time you can ask how will you calculate the you can ask how will you calculate the you can ask how will you calculate the least distance. So once you calculate least distance. So once you calculate least distance. So once you calculate the distance you'll get one blue and two the distance you'll get one blue and two the distance you'll get one blue and two orange points which are closest to the orange points which are closest to the orange points which are closest to the star. Now since in this case as we have star. Now since in this case as we have star. Now since in this case as we have a majority of orange points so you can a majority of orange points so you can a majority of orange points so you can say that for k= 3 the star belongs to say that for k= 3 the star belongs to say that for k= 3 the star belongs to class b or you can say that the star is class b or you can say that the star is class b or you can say that the star is more similar to the orange points. more similar to the orange points. more similar to the orange points. Moving on ahead well what if k equal to Moving on ahead well what if k equal to Moving on ahead well what if k equal to 6. Well for this case you have to look 6. Well for this case you have to look 6. Well for this case you have to look for six different points which are for six different points which are for six different points which are closest to the star. So in this case closest to the star. So in this case closest to the star. So in this case after calculating the distance we find after calculating the distance we find after calculating the distance we find that we have four blue points and two that we have four blue points and two that we have four blue points and two orange point which are closest to the orange point which are closest to the orange point which are closest to the star. Now as you can see that the blue star. Now as you can see that the blue star. Now as you can see that the blue points are in majority. So you can say points are in majority. So you can say points are in majority. So you can say that for K equals 6 the star belongs to that for K equals 6 the star belongs to that for K equals 6 the star belongs to class A or the star is more similar to class A or the star is more similar to class A or the star is more similar to blue points. So by now I guess you know blue points. So by now I guess you know blue points. So by now I guess you know how a KN&amp;N algorithm work and what is how a KN&amp;N algorithm work and what is how a KN&amp;N algorithm work and what is the significance of K in KN&amp;N algorithm. the significance of K in KN&amp;N algorithm. the significance of K in KN&amp;N algorithm. So how will you choose the value of K. So how will you choose the value of K. So how will you choose the value of K. So keeping in mind this K is the most So keeping in mind this K is the most So keeping in mind this K is the most important parameter in KN algorithm. So important parameter in KN algorithm. So important parameter in KN algorithm. So let's see when you build a K nearest let's see when you build a K nearest let's see when you build a K nearest neighbor classifier, how will you choose neighbor classifier, how will you choose neighbor classifier, how will you choose the value of K? Well, you might have a the value of K? Well, you might have a the value of K? Well, you might have a specific value of k in mind or you could specific value of k in mind or you could specific value of k in mind or you could divide up your data and use something divide up your data and use something divide up your data and use something like cross validation technique to test like cross validation technique to test like cross validation technique to test several values of k in order to several values of k in order to several values of k in order to determine which works best for your determine which works best for your determine which works best for your data. For example, if n equal thousand data. For example, if n equal thousand data. For example, if n equal thousand cases, then in that case the optimal cases, then in that case the optimal cases, then in that case the optimal value of k lies somewhere in between 1 value of k lies somewhere in between 1 value of k lies somewhere in between 1 to 19. But yes, unless you try it, you to 19. But yes, unless you try it, you to 19. But yes, unless you try it, you cannot be sure of it. So you know how cannot be sure of it. So you know how cannot be sure of it. So you know how the algorithm is working on a higher the algorithm is working on a higher the algorithm is working on a higher level. Let's move on and see how things level. Let's move on and see how things level. Let's move on and see how things are predicted using KN&amp;N algorithm. are predicted using KN&amp;N algorithm. are predicted using KN&amp;N algorithm. Remember I told you the KN&amp;N algorithm Remember I told you the KN&amp;N algorithm Remember I told you the KN&amp;N algorithm uses the least distance measure in order uses the least distance measure in order uses the least distance measure in order to find its nearest neighbors. So let's to find its nearest neighbors. So let's to find its nearest neighbors. So let's see how these distance is calculated. see how these distance is calculated. see how these distance is calculated. Well, there are several distance measure Well, there are several distance measure Well, there are several distance measure which can be used. So to start with, which can be used. So to start with, which can be used. So to start with, we'll mainly focus on Ukidian distance we'll mainly focus on Ukidian distance we'll mainly focus on Ukidian distance and Manhattan distance in this session. and Manhattan distance in this session. and Manhattan distance in this session. So what is this ukidian distance? Well, So what is this ukidian distance? Well, So what is this ukidian distance? Well, this ukidian distance is defined as the this ukidian distance is defined as the this ukidian distance is defined as the square root of the sum of difference square root of the sum of difference square root of the sum of difference between a new point X and an existing between a new point X and an existing between a new point X and an existing point Y. So for example here we have point Y. So for example here we have point Y. So for example here we have point P1 and P2. Point P1 is 111 and point P1 and P2. Point P1 is 111 and point P1 and P2. Point P1 is 111 and point P2 is 54. So what is the ukidian point P2 is 54. So what is the ukidian point P2 is 54. So what is the ukidian distance between both of them? So you distance between both of them? So you distance between both of them? So you can say that ukidian distance is the can say that ukidian distance is the can say that ukidian distance is the direct distance between two points. So direct distance between two points. So direct distance between two points. So what is the distance between the point what is the distance between the point what is the distance between the point P1 and P2? So we can calculate it as 5 - P1 and P2? So we can calculate it as 5 - P1 and P2? So we can calculate it as 5 - 1 square + 4 - 1 square and we can root 1 square + 4 - 1 square and we can root 1 square + 4 - 1 square and we can root it over which results to 5. So next is it over which results to 5. So next is it over which results to 5. So next is the Manhattan distance. Well, this the Manhattan distance. Well, this the Manhattan distance. Well, this Manhattan distance is used to calculate Manhattan distance is used to calculate Manhattan distance is used to calculate the distance between real vector using the distance between real vector using the distance between real vector using the sum of their absolute difference. In the sum of their absolute difference. In the sum of their absolute difference. In this case, the Manhattan distance this case, the Manhattan distance this case, the Manhattan distance between the point P1 and P2 is mod of 5 between the point P1 and P2 is mod of 5 between the point P1 and P2 is mod of 5 - 1 plus mod value of 4 - 1 which - 1 plus mod value of 4 - 1 which - 1 plus mod value of 4 - 1 which results to 3 + 4 that is 7. So this results to 3 + 4 that is 7. So this results to 3 + 4 that is 7. So this slide shows the difference between Ukian slide shows the difference between Ukian slide shows the difference between Ukian and Manhattan distance from point A to and Manhattan distance from point A to and Manhattan distance from point A to point B. So Ukian distance is nothing point B. So Ukian distance is nothing point B. So Ukian distance is nothing but the direct or the least possible but the direct or the least possible but the direct or the least possible distance between A and B. Whereas the distance between A and B. Whereas the distance between A and B. Whereas the Manhattan distance is a distance between Manhattan distance is a distance between Manhattan distance is a distance between A and B measured along the axis at right A and B measured along the axis at right A and B measured along the axis at right angle. Let's take an example and see how angle. Let's take an example and see how angle. Let's take an example and see how things are predicted using Kenan things are predicted using Kenan things are predicted using Kenan algorithm or how the Kenan algorithm is algorithm or how the Kenan algorithm is algorithm or how the Kenan algorithm is working. Suppose we have a data set working. Suppose we have a data set working. Suppose we have a data set which consists of height, weight and which consists of height, weight and which consists of height, weight and t-shirt size of some customers. Now when t-shirt size of some customers. Now when t-shirt size of some customers. Now when a new customer come, we only have his a new customer come, we only have his a new customer come, we only have his height and weight as the information. height and weight as the information. height and weight as the information. Now our task is to predict what is the Now our task is to predict what is the Now our task is to predict what is the t-shirt size of that particular t-shirt size of that particular t-shirt size of that particular customer. So for this we'll be using the customer. So for this we'll be using the customer. So for this we'll be using the KN&amp;N algorithm. So the very first thing KN&amp;N algorithm. So the very first thing KN&amp;N algorithm. So the very first thing what we need to do we need to calculate what we need to do we need to calculate what we need to do we need to calculate the ukidian distance. So now that you the ukidian distance. So now that you the ukidian distance. So now that you have a new data of height 161 cm and have a new data of height 161 cm and have a new data of height 161 cm and weight as 61 kg. So the very first thing weight as 61 kg. So the very first thing weight as 61 kg. So the very first thing that we'll do is we'll calculate the that we'll do is we'll calculate the that we'll do is we'll calculate the ukidian distance which is nothing but ukidian distance which is nothing but ukidian distance which is nothing but the square root of 161 minus 158 square the square root of 161 minus 158 square the square root of 161 minus 158 square + 61 - 58 whole square and square root + 61 - 58 whole square and square root + 61 - 58 whole square and square root of that is 4.24. Let's drag and drop it. of that is 4.24. Let's drag and drop it. of that is 4.24. Let's drag and drop it. So these are the various uklidian So these are the various uklidian So these are the various uklidian distance of other points. Now let's distance of other points. Now let's distance of other points. Now let's suppose k equal to 5. Then the algorithm suppose k equal to 5. Then the algorithm suppose k equal to 5. Then the algorithm what it does it searches for the five what it does it searches for the five what it does it searches for the five customer closest to the new customer customer closest to the new customer customer closest to the new customer that is more similar to the new data in that is more similar to the new data in that is more similar to the new data in terms of its attribute. For k equal 5 terms of its attribute. For k equal 5 terms of its attribute. For k equal 5 let's find the top five minimum ukidian let's find the top five minimum ukidian let's find the top five minimum ukidian distance. So these are the distance distance. So these are the distance distance. So these are the distance which we are going to use 1 2 3 4 and 5. which we are going to use 1 2 3 4 and 5. which we are going to use 1 2 3 4 and 5. So let's rank them in the order. First So let's rank them in the order. First So let's rank them in the order. First this is second. This is third. Then this this is second. This is third. Then this this is second. This is third. Then this one is fourth. And again this one is one is fourth. And again this one is one is fourth. And again this one is five. So there's our order. So for K five. So there's our order. So for K five. So there's our order. So for K equal 5, we have four t-shirts which equal 5, we have four t-shirts which equal 5, we have four t-shirts which come under size M and one t-shirt which come under size M and one t-shirt which come under size M and one t-shirt which comes under size L. So obviously best comes under size L. So obviously best comes under size L. So obviously best guess or the best prediction for the guess or the best prediction for the guess or the best prediction for the t-shirt size of height 161 cm and weight t-shirt size of height 161 cm and weight t-shirt size of height 161 cm and weight 61 kg is M or you can say that our new 61 kg is M or you can say that our new 61 kg is M or you can say that our new customer fit into size M. Well, this was customer fit into size M. Well, this was customer fit into size M. Well, this was all about the theoretical session. But all about the theoretical session. But all about the theoretical session. But before we drill down to the coding part, before we drill down to the coding part, before we drill down to the coding part, let me just tell you why people call KNN let me just tell you why people call KNN let me just tell you why people call KNN as a lazy learner. Well, KN&amp;N for as a lazy learner. Well, KN&amp;N for as a lazy learner. Well, KN&amp;N for classification is a very simple classification is a very simple classification is a very simple algorithm. But that's not why they are algorithm. But that's not why they are algorithm. But that's not why they are called lazy. KN is a lazy learner called lazy. KN is a lazy learner called lazy. KN is a lazy learner because it doesn't have a discriminative because it doesn't have a discriminative because it doesn't have a discriminative function from the training data. But function from the training data. But function from the training data. But what it does, it memorizes the training what it does, it memorizes the training what it does, it memorizes the training data. There is no learning phase of the data. There is no learning phase of the data. There is no learning phase of the model and all of the work happens at the model and all of the work happens at the model and all of the work happens at the time a prediction is requested. So as time a prediction is requested. So as time a prediction is requested. So as such this is the reason why KN&amp;N is such this is the reason why KN&amp;N is such this is the reason why KN&amp;N is often referred to as lazy learning often referred to as lazy learning often referred to as lazy learning algorithm. So this was all about the algorithm. So this was all about the algorithm. So this was all about the theoretical session. Now let's move on theoretical session. Now let's move on theoretical session. Now let's move on to the coding part. So for the practical to the coding part. So for the practical to the coding part. So for the practical implementation or the hands-on part, implementation or the hands-on part, implementation or the hands-on part, I'll be using the data set. So this data I'll be using the data set. So this data I'll be using the data set. So this data set consists of 150 observation. We have set consists of 150 observation. We have set consists of 150 observation. We have four features and one class label. The four features and one class label. The four features and one class label. The four features include the sephil length, four features include the sephil length, four features include the sephil length, the sele, petal length and the petal the sele, petal length and the petal the sele, petal length and the petal width. Whereas the class label decides width. Whereas the class label decides width. Whereas the class label decides which flower belongs to which category. which flower belongs to which category. which flower belongs to which category. So this was the description of the data So this was the description of the data So this was the description of the data set which we are using. Now let's move set which we are using. Now let's move set which we are using. Now let's move on and see what are the step-by-step on and see what are the step-by-step on and see what are the step-by-step solution to perform a KN&amp;N algorithm. So solution to perform a KN&amp;N algorithm. So solution to perform a KN&amp;N algorithm. So first we'll start by handling the data. first we'll start by handling the data. first we'll start by handling the data. What we have to do? We have to open the What we have to do? We have to open the What we have to do? We have to open the data set from the CSV format and split data set from the CSV format and split data set from the CSV format and split the data set into train and test part. the data set into train and test part. the data set into train and test part. Next, we'll check the similarity where Next, we'll check the similarity where Next, we'll check the similarity where we have to calculate the distance we have to calculate the distance we have to calculate the distance between two data instances. Once we between two data instances. Once we between two data instances. Once we calculate the distance, next we'll look calculate the distance, next we'll look calculate the distance, next we'll look for the neighbor and select K neighbors for the neighbor and select K neighbors for the neighbor and select K neighbors which are having the least distance from which are having the least distance from which are having the least distance from a new point. Now, once we get our a new point. Now, once we get our a new point. Now, once we get our neighbor, then we'll generate a response neighbor, then we'll generate a response neighbor, then we'll generate a response from a set of data instances. So, this from a set of data instances. So, this from a set of data instances. So, this will decide whether that new point will decide whether that new point will decide whether that new point belongs to class A or class B. Finally, belongs to class A or class B. Finally, belongs to class A or class B. Finally, we'll create the accuracy function and we'll create the accuracy function and we'll create the accuracy function and in the end, we'll tie it all together in in the end, we'll tie it all together in in the end, we'll tie it all together in the main function. So let's start with the main function. So let's start with the main function. So let's start with our code for implementing KN&amp;N algorithm our code for implementing KN&amp;N algorithm our code for implementing KN&amp;N algorithm using Python. I'll be using Jupyter using Python. I'll be using Jupyter using Python. I'll be using Jupyter let's move on and see how K&amp;N algorithm let's move on and see how K&amp;N algorithm let's move on and see how K&amp;N algorithm can be implemented using Python. So can be implemented using Python. So can be implemented using Python. So there's my Jupyter notebook which is a there's my Jupyter notebook which is a there's my Jupyter notebook which is a web- based interactive computing web- based interactive computing web- based interactive computing installed on it. Set the launch. Yeah, installed on it. Set the launch. Yeah, installed on it. Set the launch. Yeah, it's launching. So there's our Jupyter it's launching. So there's our Jupyter it's launching. So there's our Jupyter codes on it. So the first thing that we codes on it. So the first thing that we codes on it. So the first thing that we need to do is load our file. Our data is need to do is load our file. Our data is need to do is load our file. Our data is in CSV format without a header line or in CSV format without a header line or in CSV format without a header line or any code. We can open the file the open any code. We can open the file the open any code. We can open the file the open function and read the data line using function and read the data line using function and read the data line using the reader function in the CSV module. the reader function in the CSV module. the reader function in the CSV module. So let's write a code to load our data So let's write a code to load our data So let's write a code to load our data file. Let's execute the run button. So file. Let's execute the run button. So file. Let's execute the run button. So once you execute the run button, you can once you execute the run button, you can once you execute the run button, you can see the entire training data set as the see the entire training data set as the see the entire training data set as the output. Next, we need to split the data output. Next, we need to split the data output. Next, we need to split the data into a training data set that cannon can into a training data set that cannon can into a training data set that cannon can use to make prediction and a test data use to make prediction and a test data use to make prediction and a test data set that we can use to evaluate the set that we can use to evaluate the set that we can use to evaluate the accuracy of the model. So we first need accuracy of the model. So we first need accuracy of the model. So we first need to convert the FL measure that we loaded to convert the FL measure that we loaded to convert the FL measure that we loaded as string into numbers that we can work. as string into numbers that we can work. as string into numbers that we can work. Next we need to split the data set Next we need to split the data set Next we need to split the data set randomly into train and test. A ratio of randomly into train and test. A ratio of randomly into train and test. A ratio of 67 is to 33 for test is to train is a 67 is to 33 for test is to train is a 67 is to 33 for test is to train is a standard ratio which is used for this standard ratio which is used for this standard ratio which is used for this purpose. So let's define a function as purpose. So let's define a function as purpose. So let's define a function as load data set that loads a CSV with a load data set that loads a CSV with a load data set that loads a CSV with a provided file name and split it randomly provided file name and split it randomly provided file name and split it randomly into training and test data set using into training and test data set using into training and test data set using the provided split ratio. So this is our the provided split ratio. So this is our the provided split ratio. So this is our function load data set which is using function load data set which is using function load data set which is using file name split ratio training data set file name split ratio training data set file name split ratio training data set and testing data set as its input. All and testing data set as its input. All and testing data set as its input. All right. So let's execute the run button right. So let's execute the run button right. So let's execute the run button and check for any errors. So it's and check for any errors. So it's and check for any errors. So it's executed with zero errors. Let's test executed with zero errors. Let's test executed with zero errors. Let's test this function. So this is our training this function. So this is our training this function. So this is our training set testing set load data set. So this set testing set load data set. So this set testing set load data set. So this is our function load data set and inside is our function load data set and inside is our function load data set and inside that we are passing our file iris data that we are passing our file iris data that we are passing our file iris data with a split ratio of 0.66 and training with a split ratio of 0.66 and training with a split ratio of 0.66 and training data set and test data set. Let's see data set and test data set. Let's see data set and test data set. Let's see what our training data set and test data what our training data set and test data what our training data set and test data set it's dividing into. So it's giving a set it's dividing into. So it's giving a set it's dividing into. So it's giving a count of training data set and testing count of training data set and testing count of training data set and testing data set. The total number of training data set. The total number of training data set. The total number of training data set it has split into is 97 and data set it has split into is 97 and data set it has split into is 97 and total number of test data set we have is total number of test data set we have is total number of test data set we have is 53. So total number of training data set 53. So total number of training data set 53. So total number of training data set we have here is 97 and total number of we have here is 97 and total number of we have here is 97 and total number of test data set we have here is 53. All test data set we have here is 53. All test data set we have here is 53. All right. Okay. So our function load data right. Okay. So our function load data right. Okay. So our function load data set is performing well. So let's move set is performing well. So let's move set is performing well. So let's move ahead to step two which is similarity. ahead to step two which is similarity. ahead to step two which is similarity. So in order to make prediction we need So in order to make prediction we need So in order to make prediction we need to calculate the similarity between any to calculate the similarity between any to calculate the similarity between any two given data instances. This is needed two given data instances. This is needed two given data instances. This is needed so that we can locate the K more similar so that we can locate the K more similar so that we can locate the K more similar data instances in the training data set data instances in the training data set data instances in the training data set and in turn make a prediction. Given and in turn make a prediction. Given and in turn make a prediction. Given that all four FL measurement are numeric that all four FL measurement are numeric that all four FL measurement are numeric and have same unit. We can directly use and have same unit. We can directly use and have same unit. We can directly use the ukidian distance measure. This is the ukidian distance measure. This is the ukidian distance measure. This is nothing but the square root of the sum nothing but the square root of the sum nothing but the square root of the sum of squared differences between two of squared differences between two of squared differences between two arrays of the number. Given that all the arrays of the number. Given that all the arrays of the number. Given that all the fourflower measurements are numeric and fourflower measurements are numeric and fourflower measurements are numeric and have same unit, we can directly use the have same unit, we can directly use the have same unit, we can directly use the ukidian distance measure which is ukidian distance measure which is ukidian distance measure which is nothing but the square root of the sum nothing but the square root of the sum nothing but the square root of the sum of square difference between two arrays of square difference between two arrays of square difference between two arrays of the number. Additionally, we want to of the number. Additionally, we want to of the number. Additionally, we want to control which field to include in the control which field to include in the control which field to include in the distance calculation. So specifically, distance calculation. So specifically, distance calculation. So specifically, we only want to include first four we only want to include first four we only want to include first four attribute. So our approach will be to attribute. So our approach will be to attribute. So our approach will be to limit the ukidian distance to a fixed limit the ukidian distance to a fixed limit the ukidian distance to a fixed length. All right. So let's define our length. All right. So let's define our length. All right. So let's define our ukidian function. So this are ukidian ukidian function. So this are ukidian ukidian function. So this are ukidian distance function which takes instance distance function which takes instance distance function which takes instance one, instance two and length as one, instance two and length as one, instance two and length as parameters. Instance one and instance parameters. Instance one and instance parameters. Instance one and instance two are the two points of which you want two are the two points of which you want two are the two points of which you want to calculate the ukidian distance. to calculate the ukidian distance. to calculate the ukidian distance. Whereas this length and denote that how Whereas this length and denote that how Whereas this length and denote that how many attributes you want to include. many attributes you want to include. many attributes you want to include. Okay, so there's our ukidian function. Okay, so there's our ukidian function. Okay, so there's our ukidian function. Let's execute it. It's executing fine Let's execute it. It's executing fine Let's execute it. It's executing fine without any errors. Let's test the without any errors. Let's test the without any errors. Let's test the function. Suppose the data 1 or the function. Suppose the data 1 or the function. Suppose the data 1 or the first instance consist of data point as first instance consist of data point as first instance consist of data point as 222 and it belongs to class A and data 2 222 and it belongs to class A and data 2 222 and it belongs to class A and data 2 consist of 444 and it belongs to class consist of 444 and it belongs to class consist of 444 and it belongs to class B. So when we calculate the ukidian B. So when we calculate the ukidian B. So when we calculate the ukidian distance of data 1 to data 2 and what we distance of data 1 to data 2 and what we distance of data 1 to data 2 and what we have to do we have to consider only have to do we have to consider only have to do we have to consider only first three features of them. All right. first three features of them. All right. first three features of them. All right. So let's print the distance. As you can So let's print the distance. As you can So let's print the distance. As you can see here the distance comes out to be see here the distance comes out to be see here the distance comes out to be 3.464. 464. All right. So this is 3.464. 464. All right. So this is 3.464. 464. All right. So this is nothing but the square root of 4 - 2 nothing but the square root of 4 - 2 nothing but the square root of 4 - 2 square. So this distance is nothing but square. So this distance is nothing but square. So this distance is nothing but the ukidian distance and it is the ukidian distance and it is the ukidian distance and it is calculated as square roo&lt;unk&gt; of 4 - 2 calculated as square roo&lt;unk&gt; of 4 - 2 calculated as square roo&lt;unk&gt; of 4 - 2 square + 4 - 2 square that is nothing square + 4 - 2 square that is nothing square + 4 - 2 square that is nothing but 3 * of 4 - 2 square that is 12 and but 3 * of 4 - 2 square that is 12 and but 3 * of 4 - 2 square that is 12 and square root of 12 is nothing but 3.464. square root of 12 is nothing but 3.464. square root of 12 is nothing but 3.464. All right. So now that we have All right. So now that we have All right. So now that we have calculated the distance now we need to calculated the distance now we need to calculated the distance now we need to look for k nearest neighbors. Now that look for k nearest neighbors. Now that look for k nearest neighbors. Now that we have a similarity measure we can use we have a similarity measure we can use we have a similarity measure we can use it to collect the k most similar it to collect the k most similar it to collect the k most similar instances for a given unseen instance. instances for a given unseen instance. instances for a given unseen instance. Well, this is a straightforward process Well, this is a straightforward process Well, this is a straightforward process of calculating the distance for all the of calculating the distance for all the of calculating the distance for all the instances and selecting a subset with instances and selecting a subset with instances and selecting a subset with the smallest distance value. And now the smallest distance value. And now the smallest distance value. And now what we have to do, we have to select what we have to do, we have to select what we have to do, we have to select the smallest distance values. So for the smallest distance values. So for the smallest distance values. So for that we'll be defining a function as get that we'll be defining a function as get that we'll be defining a function as get neighbors. So for that what we'll be neighbors. So for that what we'll be neighbors. So for that what we'll be doing, we'll be defining a function as doing, we'll be defining a function as doing, we'll be defining a function as get neighbors. What it will do? It will get neighbors. What it will do? It will get neighbors. What it will do? It will return the k most similar neighbors from return the k most similar neighbors from return the k most similar neighbors from the training set for a given test the training set for a given test the training set for a given test instance. All right. So this is how our instance. All right. So this is how our instance. All right. So this is how our get neighbors function look like. It get neighbors function look like. It get neighbors function look like. It takes training data set and test takes training data set and test takes training data set and test instance and K as its input. Here the k instance and K as its input. Here the k instance and K as its input. Here the k is nothing but the number of nearest is nothing but the number of nearest is nothing but the number of nearest neighbor you want to check for. All neighbor you want to check for. All neighbor you want to check for. All right. So basically what you'll be right. So basically what you'll be right. So basically what you'll be getting from this get neighbors function getting from this get neighbors function getting from this get neighbors function is k different points having least is k different points having least is k different points having least ukidian distance from the test instance. ukidian distance from the test instance. ukidian distance from the test instance. All right. Let's execute it. So the All right. Let's execute it. So the All right. Let's execute it. So the function executed without any errors. So function executed without any errors. So function executed without any errors. So let's test our function. So suppose the let's test our function. So suppose the let's test our function. So suppose the training data set includes the data like training data set includes the data like training data set includes the data like 222 and it belongs to class A and other 222 and it belongs to class A and other 222 and it belongs to class A and other data includes 444 and it belongs to data includes 444 and it belongs to data includes 444 and it belongs to class B and our testing instance is 555. class B and our testing instance is 555. class B and our testing instance is 555. And now we have to predict whether this And now we have to predict whether this And now we have to predict whether this test instance belongs to class A or it test instance belongs to class A or it test instance belongs to class A or it belongs to class B. All right. For K belongs to class B. All right. For K belongs to class B. All right. For K equal 1, we have to predict its nearest equal 1, we have to predict its nearest equal 1, we have to predict its nearest neighbor and predict whether this test neighbor and predict whether this test neighbor and predict whether this test instance it will belong to class A or instance it will belong to class A or instance it will belong to class A or will it belong to class B. All right. So will it belong to class B. All right. So will it belong to class B. All right. So let's execute the run button. All right. let's execute the run button. All right. let's execute the run button. All right. So on executing the run button, you can So on executing the run button, you can So on executing the run button, you can see that we have output as 444 and B. see that we have output as 444 and B. see that we have output as 444 and B. Our new instance 555 is closest to 444 Our new instance 555 is closest to 444 Our new instance 555 is closest to 444 which belongs to class B. All right. Now which belongs to class B. All right. Now which belongs to class B. All right. Now once you have located the most similar once you have located the most similar once you have located the most similar neighbor for a test instance, next task neighbor for a test instance, next task neighbor for a test instance, next task is to predict a response based on those is to predict a response based on those is to predict a response based on those neighbors. So how we can do that? Well, neighbors. So how we can do that? Well, neighbors. So how we can do that? Well, we can do this by allowing each neighbor we can do this by allowing each neighbor we can do this by allowing each neighbor to vote for their class attribute and to vote for their class attribute and to vote for their class attribute and take the majority vote as a prediction. take the majority vote as a prediction. take the majority vote as a prediction. Let's see how we can do that. So we have Let's see how we can do that. So we have Let's see how we can do that. So we have a function as get response which takes a function as get response which takes a function as get response which takes neighbor as the input. Well, this neighbor as the input. Well, this neighbor as the input. Well, this neighbor was nothing but the output of neighbor was nothing but the output of neighbor was nothing but the output of this get neighbor function. The output this get neighbor function. The output this get neighbor function. The output of get neighbor function will be fed to of get neighbor function will be fed to of get neighbor function will be fed to get response. All right, let's execute get response. All right, let's execute get response. All right, let's execute the run button. It's executed. Let's the run button. It's executed. Let's the run button. It's executed. Let's move ahead and test our function get move ahead and test our function get move ahead and test our function get response. So we have a neighbor as 111. response. So we have a neighbor as 111. response. So we have a neighbor as 111. It belongs to class A. 222 it belongs to It belongs to class A. 222 it belongs to It belongs to class A. 222 it belongs to class A. 333 it belongs to class B. So class A. 333 it belongs to class B. So class A. 333 it belongs to class B. So this response what it will do it will this response what it will do it will this response what it will do it will store the value of get response by store the value of get response by store the value of get response by passing this neighbor value. All right. passing this neighbor value. All right. passing this neighbor value. All right. So what we want to check is we want to So what we want to check is we want to So what we want to check is we want to predict whether our test instance 555 it predict whether our test instance 555 it predict whether our test instance 555 it belongs to class A or class B when the belongs to class A or class B when the belongs to class A or class B when the neighbors are 111 A 22 A and 333 B. So neighbors are 111 A 22 A and 333 B. So neighbors are 111 A 22 A and 333 B. So let's check our response now that we let's check our response now that we let's check our response now that we have created all the different function have created all the different function have created all the different function which are required for a Kenan which are required for a Kenan which are required for a Kenan algorithm. So important main concern is algorithm. So important main concern is algorithm. So important main concern is how to evaluate the accuracy of the how to evaluate the accuracy of the how to evaluate the accuracy of the prediction. An easy way to evaluate the prediction. An easy way to evaluate the prediction. An easy way to evaluate the accuracy of the model is to calculate a accuracy of the model is to calculate a accuracy of the model is to calculate a ratio of the total correct prediction to ratio of the total correct prediction to ratio of the total correct prediction to all the prediction made. So for this all the prediction made. So for this all the prediction made. So for this I'll be defining function as get I'll be defining function as get I'll be defining function as get accuracy and inside that I'll be passing accuracy and inside that I'll be passing accuracy and inside that I'll be passing my test data set and the predictions. my test data set and the predictions. my test data set and the predictions. Get accuracy function. Check it executed Get accuracy function. Check it executed Get accuracy function. Check it executed without any error. Let's check it for a without any error. Let's check it for a without any error. Let's check it for a sample data set. So we have our test sample data set. So we have our test sample data set. So we have our test data set as 111 which belongs to class data set as 111 which belongs to class data set as 111 which belongs to class A. 222 which again belongs to class 333 A. 222 which again belongs to class 333 A. 222 which again belongs to class 333 which belongs to class B. And my which belongs to class B. And my which belongs to class B. And my predictions is for first test data it predictions is for first test data it predictions is for first test data it predicted that it belongs to class A predicted that it belongs to class A predicted that it belongs to class A which is two. For next it predicted that which is two. For next it predicted that which is two. For next it predicted that belongs to class A which is again two. belongs to class A which is again two. belongs to class A which is again two. And for the next again it predicted that And for the next again it predicted that And for the next again it predicted that it belongs to class A which is false in it belongs to class A which is false in it belongs to class A which is false in this case because the test data belongs this case because the test data belongs this case because the test data belongs to class B. All right. So in total we to class B. All right. So in total we to class B. All right. So in total we have two correct prediction out of have two correct prediction out of have two correct prediction out of three. All right. So the ratio will be three. All right. So the ratio will be three. All right. So the ratio will be 2x3 which is nothing but 66.66. So our 2x3 which is nothing but 66.66. So our 2x3 which is nothing but 66.66. So our accuracy rate is 66.66. accuracy rate is 66.66. accuracy rate is 66.66. So now that you have created all the So now that you have created all the So now that you have created all the function that are required for KN function that are required for KN function that are required for KN algorithm. Let's compile them into one algorithm. Let's compile them into one algorithm. Let's compile them into one single main function. All right. So this single main function. All right. So this single main function. All right. So this is our main function and we are using is our main function and we are using is our main function and we are using iris data set with a split of 0.67 6 7 iris data set with a split of 0.67 6 7 iris data set with a split of 0.67 6 7 and the value of K is three. Let's see and the value of K is three. Let's see and the value of K is three. Let's see what is the accuracy score of this. what is the accuracy score of this. what is the accuracy score of this. Check how accurate our model is. So in Check how accurate our model is. So in Check how accurate our model is. So in training data set we have 113 values and training data set we have 113 values and training data set we have 113 values and in the test data set we have 37 values. in the test data set we have 37 values. in the test data set we have 37 values. These are the predicted and the actual These are the predicted and the actual These are the predicted and the actual values of the output. Okay. So in total values of the output. Okay. So in total values of the output. Okay. So in total we got an accuracy of 97.29%. we got an accuracy of 97.29%. we got an accuracy of 97.29%. Which is really very good. All right. Did Alibaba just do the impossible? Did Alibaba just do the impossible? Did Alibaba just do the impossible? Their latest AI model has outperformed Their latest AI model has outperformed Their latest AI model has outperformed both GPT4 and DeepSync in some key both GPT4 and DeepSync in some key both GPT4 and DeepSync in some key benchmarks. But how did they manage to benchmarks. But how did they manage to benchmarks. But how did they manage to do it? And what does this mean for the do it? And what does this mean for the do it? And what does this mean for the AI race? Stick around as we dive into AI race? Stick around as we dive into AI race? Stick around as we dive into the shocking details behind this the shocking details behind this the shocking details behind this breakthrough and what it means for the breakthrough and what it means for the breakthrough and what it means for the future of AI. Alibaba just dropped a future of AI. Alibaba just dropped a future of AI. Alibaba just dropped a bombshell during the Luna New Year, a bombshell during the Luna New Year, a bombshell during the Luna New Year, a new AI model called Quinn 2.5 Max, and new AI model called Quinn 2.5 Max, and new AI model called Quinn 2.5 Max, and they say it outperforms Open AI's GPT40, they say it outperforms Open AI's GPT40, they say it outperforms Open AI's GPT40, Meta's Llama, and even China's own Meta's Llama, and even China's own Meta's Llama, and even China's own rising star Deeps. Is this the new rising star Deeps. Is this the new rising star Deeps. Is this the new benchmark in AI? Let's break it down. benchmark in AI? Let's break it down. benchmark in AI? Let's break it down. First off, what exactly is Quen 2.5 Max? First off, what exactly is Quen 2.5 Max? First off, what exactly is Quen 2.5 Max? Developed by Alibaba Cloud, this model Developed by Alibaba Cloud, this model Developed by Alibaba Cloud, this model is being hyped as a major rival to GPD is being hyped as a major rival to GPD is being hyped as a major rival to GPD 40. According to their benchmarks, it 40. According to their benchmarks, it 40. According to their benchmarks, it crashes competators in reasoning, crashes competators in reasoning, crashes competators in reasoning, coding, and multilingual task. So, let's coding, and multilingual task. So, let's coding, and multilingual task. So, let's look at the numbers. In Arena Hard, a look at the numbers. In Arena Hard, a look at the numbers. In Arena Hard, a benchmark for complex problem solving, benchmark for complex problem solving, benchmark for complex problem solving, Quinn 2.5 max scored 85.3%. Quinn 2.5 max scored 85.3%. Quinn 2.5 max scored 85.3%. Beating GPT4's 80.2% and Deep 6 V3 is Beating GPT4's 80.2% and Deep 6 V3 is Beating GPT4's 80.2% and Deep 6 V3 is 77.5%. 77.5%. 77.5%. But here's the twist. It's not just But here's the twist. It's not just But here's the twist. It's not just about the raw power. Alibaba built this about the raw power. Alibaba built this about the raw power. Alibaba built this model for businesses. Think customer model for businesses. Think customer model for businesses. Think customer service bots that speak 10 languages or service bots that speak 10 languages or service bots that speak 10 languages or AI coders that debug Python faster than AI coders that debug Python faster than AI coders that debug Python faster than your engineering team. And unlike your engineering team. And unlike your engineering team. And unlike OpenAI's premium pricing, Alibaba's OpenAI's premium pricing, Alibaba's OpenAI's premium pricing, Alibaba's offering Quinn 2.5 Max at a fraction of offering Quinn 2.5 Max at a fraction of offering Quinn 2.5 Max at a fraction of the cost. But why drop this during the the cost. But why drop this during the the cost. But why drop this during the Lunar New Year when half of the China's Lunar New Year when half of the China's Lunar New Year when half of the China's on vacation? Well, that's where the on vacation? Well, that's where the on vacation? Well, that's where the discussion begins. Meet DeepSc, the discussion begins. Meet DeepSc, the discussion begins. Meet DeepSc, the 20month-old startup that's been shaking 20month-old startup that's been shaking 20month-old startup that's been shaking up Silicon Valley. Three weeks ago, they up Silicon Valley. Three weeks ago, they up Silicon Valley. Three weeks ago, they dropped DeepSync V3 and the R1 model. dropped DeepSync V3 and the R1 model. dropped DeepSync V3 and the R1 model. And the secret is insanely low cost. We And the secret is insanely low cost. We And the secret is insanely low cost. We are talking 0.14 million per tokens. are talking 0.14 million per tokens. are talking 0.14 million per tokens. That's like charging pennis for a That's like charging pennis for a That's like charging pennis for a Lamborghini. Deep's cheap open-source Lamborghini. Deep's cheap open-source Lamborghini. Deep's cheap open-source models triggered an AI price war in models triggered an AI price war in models triggered an AI price war in China. Alibaba reduced price by up to China. Alibaba reduced price by up to China. Alibaba reduced price by up to 97% overnight. But Deep Six founder 97% overnight. But Deep Six founder 97% overnight. But Deep Six founder Young isn't sweating it. In a raid Young isn't sweating it. In a raid Young isn't sweating it. In a raid interview, he said, "We don't care about interview, he said, "We don't care about interview, he said, "We don't care about the price. AGI is our goal. AGI, that's the price. AGI is our goal. AGI, that's the price. AGI is our goal. AGI, that's artificial general intelligence. AI that artificial general intelligence. AI that artificial general intelligence. AI that can overthink humans. And here's the can overthink humans. And here's the can overthink humans. And here's the twist. Deep isn't some corporate giants. twist. Deep isn't some corporate giants. twist. Deep isn't some corporate giants. They are a tiny team of a grand students They are a tiny team of a grand students They are a tiny team of a grand students and researchers working out of Alibaba's and researchers working out of Alibaba's and researchers working out of Alibaba's hometown, Hongu. Meanwhile, Alibaba's hometown, Hongu. Meanwhile, Alibaba's hometown, Hongu. Meanwhile, Alibaba's got 200,000 employees. So, how does Quen got 200,000 employees. So, how does Quen got 200,000 employees. So, how does Quen 2.5 Max actually stack up? Let's 2.5 Max actually stack up? Let's 2.5 Max actually stack up? Let's compare. First, let's talk about compare. First, let's talk about compare. First, let's talk about reasoning. Quen takes the lead here. reasoning. Quen takes the lead here. reasoning. Quen takes the lead here. Next, when it comes to coding, Quinn Next, when it comes to coding, Quinn Next, when it comes to coding, Quinn continues to shine. And if multilingual continues to shine. And if multilingual continues to shine. And if multilingual support is what you are after, Quinn support is what you are after, Quinn support is what you are after, Quinn speaks Mandarin, English, Spanish, or speaks Mandarin, English, Spanish, or speaks Mandarin, English, Spanish, or whatever you name it. But Deepsec3 still whatever you name it. But Deepsec3 still whatever you name it. But Deepsec3 still holds the crown for affordability. And holds the crown for affordability. And holds the crown for affordability. And GPT4, it's holding on to its reputation. GPT4, it's holding on to its reputation. GPT4, it's holding on to its reputation. But even open AI Sam Oldman admitted But even open AI Sam Oldman admitted But even open AI Sam Oldman admitted deep progress is impressive. But deep progress is impressive. But deep progress is impressive. But Alibaba's timing is strategy. Releasing Alibaba's timing is strategy. Releasing Alibaba's timing is strategy. Releasing Quinn 2.5 Max during Luna New Year when Quinn 2.5 Max during Luna New Year when Quinn 2.5 Max during Luna New Year when everyone's distracted is a power move. everyone's distracted is a power move. everyone's distracted is a power move. It's like dropping a diss track on the It's like dropping a diss track on the It's like dropping a diss track on the Christmas day. No one's looking, but Christmas day. No one's looking, but Christmas day. No one's looking, but everyone will hear it. So, here's why everyone will hear it. So, here's why everyone will hear it. So, here's why this matters. Deepix R1 model wiped $1 this matters. Deepix R1 model wiped $1 this matters. Deepix R1 model wiped $1 trillion of US tech stocks in a day. trillion of US tech stocks in a day. trillion of US tech stocks in a day. Nvidia, Meta, Microsoft all dropped. Nvidia, Meta, Microsoft all dropped. Nvidia, Meta, Microsoft all dropped. Why? Because if a tiny Chinese startup Why? Because if a tiny Chinese startup Why? Because if a tiny Chinese startup can match GPT4 at 100 the cost, can match GPT4 at 100 the cost, can match GPT4 at 100 the cost, inventors wonder are we overspending on inventors wonder are we overspending on inventors wonder are we overspending on AI and China's giant aren't sitting AI and China's giant aren't sitting AI and China's giant aren't sitting still. Bans updated its AI model days still. Bans updated its AI model days still. Bans updated its AI model days after Deep Six launch. 10 cent and BU after Deep Six launch. 10 cent and BU after Deep Six launch. 10 cent and BU are in the price cutting frenzy. are in the price cutting frenzy. are in the price cutting frenzy. Meanwhile, Alibaba's betting big on Meanwhile, Alibaba's betting big on Meanwhile, Alibaba's betting big on Quinn to dominate enterprise AI. Think Quinn to dominate enterprise AI. Think Quinn to dominate enterprise AI. Think hospitals, banks, and mega corporations. hospitals, banks, and mega corporations. hospitals, banks, and mega corporations. And the real question is who's closer to And the real question is who's closer to And the real question is who's closer to AGI? Deepseek's agile team or Alibaba's AGI? Deepseek's agile team or Alibaba's AGI? Deepseek's agile team or Alibaba's corporate powerhouse. Share your corporate powerhouse. Share your corporate powerhouse. Share your thoughts in the comments. So, is Quinn thoughts in the comments. So, is Quinn thoughts in the comments. So, is Quinn 2.5 Max the new AI champion? Maybe. But 2.5 Max the new AI champion? Maybe. But 2.5 Max the new AI champion? Maybe. But this isn't just about benchmarks. It's a this isn't just about benchmarks. It's a this isn't just about benchmarks. It's a glimpse into the future. A future where glimpse into the future. A future where glimpse into the future. A future where AI isn't just built by Silicon Valley AI isn't just built by Silicon Valley AI isn't just built by Silicon Valley giants, but by startups in Honguk and giants, but by startups in Honguk and giants, but by startups in Honguk and open-source communities worldwide. A game-changing development has taken A game-changing development has taken A game-changing development has taken the tech world by surprise. the tech world by surprise. the tech world by surprise. &gt;&gt; I think we should take the development &gt;&gt; I think we should take the development &gt;&gt; I think we should take the development out of China very very seriously. out of China very very seriously. out of China very very seriously. &gt;&gt; A free open-source AI model emerged &gt;&gt; A free open-source AI model emerged &gt;&gt; A free open-source AI model emerged seamlessly out of nowhere. It not only seamlessly out of nowhere. It not only seamlessly out of nowhere. It not only matched but surpassed some of the most matched but surpassed some of the most matched but surpassed some of the most advanced systems on the market. What advanced systems on the market. What advanced systems on the market. What made this even more remarkable was its made this even more remarkable was its made this even more remarkable was its origin. It wasn't a new release from origin. It wasn't a new release from origin. It wasn't a new release from OpenAI nor a breakthrough from OpenAI nor a breakthrough from OpenAI nor a breakthrough from Anthropic. It was a deep sake and AI Anthropic. It was a deep sake and AI Anthropic. It was a deep sake and AI model developed in China and its model developed in China and its model developed in China and its development left top AI researchers in development left top AI researchers in development left top AI researchers in the United States in amazement the United States in amazement the United States in amazement especially when they learned about the especially when they learned about the especially when they learned about the staggering cost behind it. staggering cost behind it. staggering cost behind it. &gt;&gt; It's opened a lot of eyes of like what &gt;&gt; It's opened a lot of eyes of like what &gt;&gt; It's opened a lot of eyes of like what is actually happening in AI in China. is actually happening in AI in China. is actually happening in AI in China. &gt;&gt; The training cost for Deepseek version 3 &gt;&gt; The training cost for Deepseek version 3 &gt;&gt; The training cost for Deepseek version 3 was just 5.576 million and in comparison was just 5.576 million and in comparison was just 5.576 million and in comparison OpenAI spends a massive $5 billion OpenAI spends a massive $5 billion OpenAI spends a massive $5 billion annually. While Google's capital annually. While Google's capital annually. While Google's capital expenditures are projected to exceed $50 expenditures are projected to exceed $50 expenditures are projected to exceed $50 billion by 2024. billion by 2024. billion by 2024. Microsoft on the other hand invested Microsoft on the other hand invested Microsoft on the other hand invested over $13 billion just in OpenAI. And yet over $13 billion just in OpenAI. And yet over $13 billion just in OpenAI. And yet Deepseek's model outperform these highly Deepseek's model outperform these highly Deepseek's model outperform these highly funded AI models from leading American funded AI models from leading American funded AI models from leading American companies. And the contrast is truly companies. And the contrast is truly companies. And the contrast is truly mind-blowing mind-blowing mind-blowing &gt;&gt; to see the Deepseek um um new model. &gt;&gt; to see the Deepseek um um new model. &gt;&gt; to see the Deepseek um um new model. It's it's super impressive in terms of It's it's super impressive in terms of It's it's super impressive in terms of both how they have really effectively both how they have really effectively both how they have really effectively done an open source model that does what done an open source model that does what done an open source model that does what uh is this inference time compute and uh is this inference time compute and uh is this inference time compute and it's super compute efficient. it's super compute efficient. it's super compute efficient. &gt;&gt; Deepig didn't stop at the success of its &gt;&gt; Deepig didn't stop at the success of its &gt;&gt; Deepig didn't stop at the success of its powerful open-source AI model. Instead, powerful open-source AI model. Instead, powerful open-source AI model. Instead, it quickly introduced R1, a next it quickly introduced R1, a next it quickly introduced R1, a next generation reasoning model that has generation reasoning model that has generation reasoning model that has already surpassed the advanced OpenAI W1 already surpassed the advanced OpenAI W1 already surpassed the advanced OpenAI W1 model in several third party benchmarks. model in several third party benchmarks. model in several third party benchmarks. This rapid innovation highlights Deep This rapid innovation highlights Deep This rapid innovation highlights Deep Seek's ability to surpass even the most Seek's ability to surpass even the most Seek's ability to surpass even the most well-funded United States AI giants, well-funded United States AI giants, well-funded United States AI giants, proving that agility and creativity can proving that agility and creativity can proving that agility and creativity can disrupt the established leaders in the disrupt the established leaders in the disrupt the established leaders in the race of the AI dominance. As we dive race of the AI dominance. As we dive race of the AI dominance. As we dive deeper into this, let's hear from Martin deeper into this, let's hear from Martin deeper into this, let's hear from Martin Wishov, the director of Bulgarian Wishov, the director of Bulgarian Wishov, the director of Bulgarian Institute for Computer Science, Institute for Computer Science, Institute for Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, and Technology. Artificial Intelligence, and Technology. Artificial Intelligence, and Technology. He recently made some interesting He recently made some interesting He recently made some interesting statements about the AI industry, and statements about the AI industry, and statements about the AI industry, and they are shaking things up. So he they are shaking things up. So he they are shaking things up. So he pointed out that a Chinese AI startup pointed out that a Chinese AI startup pointed out that a Chinese AI startup claimed to have developed its R1 LLM claimed to have developed its R1 LLM claimed to have developed its R1 LLM model with less than $6 million while model with less than $6 million while model with less than $6 million while other companies are pouring in billions. other companies are pouring in billions. other companies are pouring in billions. That announcement alone caused Nvidia That announcement alone caused Nvidia That announcement alone caused Nvidia stock to drop. And according to Martin, stock to drop. And according to Martin, stock to drop. And according to Martin, this models are built by strong this models are built by strong this models are built by strong researchers and engineers in the field, researchers and engineers in the field, researchers and engineers in the field, many of whom actively publish their many of whom actively publish their many of whom actively publish their work. But developing these AI models can work. But developing these AI models can work. But developing these AI models can be incredibly expensive. Just to give be incredibly expensive. Just to give be incredibly expensive. Just to give you an idea, running 2048 H800 GPUs you an idea, running 2048 H800 GPUs you an idea, running 2048 H800 GPUs could cost anywhere between 50 to$100 could cost anywhere between 50 to$100 could cost anywhere between 50 to$100 million. And he also mentioned that the million. And he also mentioned that the million. And he also mentioned that the company handling the data center is company handling the data center is company handling the data center is backed by a massive Chinese investment backed by a massive Chinese investment backed by a massive Chinese investment fund with far more GPUs than just those fund with far more GPUs than just those fund with far more GPUs than just those 2048 H800 units. As for the architecture 2048 H800 units. As for the architecture 2048 H800 units. As for the architecture behind Deep6 R1 and V3 models, Martin behind Deep6 R1 and V3 models, Martin behind Deep6 R1 and V3 models, Martin explained that they use a mixture of explained that they use a mixture of explained that they use a mixture of experts ME approach. Simply put, this experts ME approach. Simply put, this experts ME approach. Simply put, this means that at any given time only a means that at any given time only a means that at any given time only a small percentage of the model is active, small percentage of the model is active, small percentage of the model is active, making it much more efficient in making it much more efficient in making it much more efficient in real-time use. This rises a lot of real-time use. This rises a lot of real-time use. This rises a lot of question about the cost efficiency, AI question about the cost efficiency, AI question about the cost efficiency, AI development strategies and how companies development strategies and how companies development strategies and how companies are competing in this space. Now the are competing in this space. Now the are competing in this space. Now the question is if deep development is being question is if deep development is being question is if deep development is being reported to have cost only5 to6 million reported to have cost only5 to6 million reported to have cost only5 to6 million how does this figure align with the how does this figure align with the how does this figure align with the extensive infrastructure data center extensive infrastructure data center extensive infrastructure data center operations and substantial backing from operations and substantial backing from operations and substantial backing from Chinese investment funds. Could there be Chinese investment funds. Could there be Chinese investment funds. Could there be more to the story that isn't being more to the story that isn't being more to the story that isn't being disclosed? Let us know in the comment disclosed? Let us know in the comment disclosed? Let us know in the comment section below. As far as the research section below. As far as the research section below. As far as the research indicates, DeepSc V3 has been utilized indicates, DeepSc V3 has been utilized indicates, DeepSc V3 has been utilized as the base model for DeepSync R1 and as the base model for DeepSync R1 and as the base model for DeepSync R1 and this progression highlights DeepSc this progression highlights DeepSc this progression highlights DeepSc strategic approach to building on its strategic approach to building on its strategic approach to building on its existing architecture while pushing the existing architecture while pushing the existing architecture while pushing the boundaries of AI capabilities. Deepsec boundaries of AI capabilities. Deepsec boundaries of AI capabilities. Deepsec R1 distinguishes itself by relying R1 distinguishes itself by relying R1 distinguishes itself by relying entirely on reinforcement learning entirely on reinforcement learning entirely on reinforcement learning fine-tuning, a focused and efficient fine-tuning, a focused and efficient fine-tuning, a focused and efficient method that constructs sharply with method that constructs sharply with method that constructs sharply with OpenAI's GPT infrastructure. Open AI's OpenAI's GPT infrastructure. Open AI's OpenAI's GPT infrastructure. Open AI's GPT generative pre-trained transformer GPT generative pre-trained transformer GPT generative pre-trained transformer framework employs a combination of framework employs a combination of framework employs a combination of supervised learning, unsupervised supervised learning, unsupervised supervised learning, unsupervised learning, and reinforcement learning to learning, and reinforcement learning to learning, and reinforcement learning to train its models. While this train its models. While this train its models. While this multifaceted approach has proven multifaceted approach has proven multifaceted approach has proven effective, it also requires significant effective, it also requires significant effective, it also requires significant computational resources and time. In computational resources and time. In computational resources and time. In contrast, DeepSync R1's exclusive use of contrast, DeepSync R1's exclusive use of contrast, DeepSync R1's exclusive use of reinforcement learning fine-tuning reinforcement learning fine-tuning reinforcement learning fine-tuning demonstrates a more streamlined and demonstrates a more streamlined and demonstrates a more streamlined and targeted methodology which not only targeted methodology which not only targeted methodology which not only reduces cost but also enhances reduces cost but also enhances reduces cost but also enhances performance in specific task. This performance in specific task. This performance in specific task. This differences in training strategies differences in training strategies differences in training strategies highlights DeepS's remarkable ability to highlights DeepS's remarkable ability to highlights DeepS's remarkable ability to innovate efficiency and by building on innovate efficiency and by building on innovate efficiency and by building on its foundational V3 model, it developed its foundational V3 model, it developed its foundational V3 model, it developed R1, a reasoning model that has already R1, a reasoning model that has already R1, a reasoning model that has already surpassed OpenAI's advanced systems in surpassed OpenAI's advanced systems in surpassed OpenAI's advanced systems in some key benchmarks. Deeps focus on some key benchmarks. Deeps focus on some key benchmarks. Deeps focus on reinforcement learning has allowed it to reinforcement learning has allowed it to reinforcement learning has allowed it to carve out a unique position directly carve out a unique position directly carve out a unique position directly challenging the dominance of United challenging the dominance of United challenging the dominance of United States AI giants. This approach States AI giants. This approach States AI giants. This approach demonstrates that with strategic demonstrates that with strategic demonstrates that with strategic resource conscious innovation resource conscious innovation resource conscious innovation groundbreaking results are not only groundbreaking results are not only groundbreaking results are not only possible but they are already happening. possible but they are already happening. possible but they are already happening. So what do you think? Does DeepSc So what do you think? Does DeepSc So what do you think? Does DeepSc opensource approach give it a long-term opensource approach give it a long-term opensource approach give it a long-term advantage or will OpenAI's heavy advantage or will OpenAI's heavy advantage or will OpenAI's heavy investment in research and proprietary investment in research and proprietary investment in research and proprietary models keep it ahead? Share your models keep it ahead? Share your models keep it ahead? Share your thoughts in the comments. Did a Chinese AI model just shake up the Did a Chinese AI model just shake up the Did a Chinese AI model just shake up the entire US market? Let me tell you what entire US market? Let me tell you what entire US market? Let me tell you what happened. On January 27, 2025, the stock happened. On January 27, 2025, the stock happened. On January 27, 2025, the stock market took a serious hit. Tech stocks market took a serious hit. Tech stocks market took a serious hit. Tech stocks drop hard and the biggest shock was that drop hard and the biggest shock was that drop hard and the biggest shock was that the Nvidia, a prominent player in the AI the Nvidia, a prominent player in the AI the Nvidia, a prominent player in the AI hardware sector, saw its stock crash by hardware sector, saw its stock crash by hardware sector, saw its stock crash by 17%. And that's a $590 billion loss in a 17%. And that's a $590 billion loss in a 17%. And that's a $590 billion loss in a market value. And it was because of an market value. And it was because of an market value. And it was because of an AI model called Deepseek R1. Yes, you AI model called Deepseek R1. Yes, you AI model called Deepseek R1. Yes, you heard that right. A Chinese AI model heard that right. A Chinese AI model heard that right. A Chinese AI model just sent shock waves through the just sent shock waves through the just sent shock waves through the industry, raising big concerns about industry, raising big concerns about industry, raising big concerns about China's growing AI dominance and what it China's growing AI dominance and what it China's growing AI dominance and what it means for companies like Open AI, means for companies like Open AI, means for companies like Open AI, Google, and even Nvidia. So why is Google, and even Nvidia. So why is Google, and even Nvidia. So why is DeepSc R1 such a big deal? Well, it's DeepSc R1 such a big deal? Well, it's DeepSc R1 such a big deal? Well, it's not just another AI model. It's a not just another AI model. It's a not just another AI model. It's a gamecher. And with models like DeepSc gamecher. And with models like DeepSc gamecher. And with models like DeepSc R1, DeepSc V2 and DeepSc Coder and it's R1, DeepSc V2 and DeepSc Coder and it's R1, DeepSc V2 and DeepSc Coder and it's going head-to-head with the top layers going head-to-head with the top layers going head-to-head with the top layers like Open AI and Google offering like Open AI and Google offering like Open AI and Google offering powerful AI at the fraction of the cost. powerful AI at the fraction of the cost. powerful AI at the fraction of the cost. Here I have added a screenshot for your Here I have added a screenshot for your Here I have added a screenshot for your reference and this table compares the reference and this table compares the reference and this table compares the large language models based on their large language models based on their large language models based on their accuracy and calibration error. And accuracy and calibration error. And accuracy and calibration error. And among the models mentioned, Deepseek R1 among the models mentioned, Deepseek R1 among the models mentioned, Deepseek R1 has the highest accuracy with 9.4%. has the highest accuracy with 9.4%. has the highest accuracy with 9.4%. Or performing 01 with 9.1%. Or performing 01 with 9.1%. Or performing 01 with 9.1%. Gemini Thinking with 6.2% and other Gemini Thinking with 6.2% and other Gemini Thinking with 6.2% and other models such as GPT40 with 3.3% and Group models such as GPT40 with 3.3% and Group models such as GPT40 with 3.3% and Group 2 with 3.8%. 2 with 3.8%. 2 with 3.8%. Furthermore, Deepseek R1 has the lowest Furthermore, Deepseek R1 has the lowest Furthermore, Deepseek R1 has the lowest calibration error with 81.8%. calibration error with 81.8%. calibration error with 81.8%. Indicating improved confidence Indicating improved confidence Indicating improved confidence calibration over other models with calibration over other models with calibration over other models with errors greater than 88%. errors greater than 88%. errors greater than 88%. This demonstrates that DeepSync R1 not This demonstrates that DeepSync R1 not This demonstrates that DeepSync R1 not only produces the most accurate results only produces the most accurate results only produces the most accurate results but also has a higher forecast but also has a higher forecast but also has a higher forecast reliability and this benchmark graph reliability and this benchmark graph reliability and this benchmark graph will show the DeepSc R1's expectational will show the DeepSc R1's expectational will show the DeepSc R1's expectational performance across a variety of performance across a variety of performance across a variety of evaluation task solidifying its position evaluation task solidifying its position evaluation task solidifying its position as a top tire LLM. Notably, DeepSync R1 as a top tire LLM. Notably, DeepSync R1 as a top tire LLM. Notably, DeepSync R1 achieves the highest scores in AIM 2024 achieves the highest scores in AIM 2024 achieves the highest scores in AIM 2024 with 79.8%. with 79.8%. with 79.8%. code forces with 96.3%, code forces with 96.3%, code forces with 96.3%, math 500 with 97.3% math 500 with 97.3% math 500 with 97.3% and MMLU with 90.8%. and MMLU with 90.8%. and MMLU with 90.8%. Indicating superior reasoning, problem Indicating superior reasoning, problem Indicating superior reasoning, problem solving and coding skills when compared solving and coding skills when compared solving and coding skills when compared to OpenAI's 01 models and Deepsec V3 to OpenAI's 01 models and Deepsec V3 to OpenAI's 01 models and Deepsec V3 DeepSc R1 consistently outperforms or DeepSc R1 consistently outperforms or DeepSc R1 consistently outperforms or equals top models particularly in equals top models particularly in equals top models particularly in domains requiring precise logical domains requiring precise logical domains requiring precise logical reasoning and mathematical skills. reasoning and mathematical skills. reasoning and mathematical skills. Furthermore, its highest rebench Furthermore, its highest rebench Furthermore, its highest rebench verified score is 49.2% demonstrates its verified score is 49.2% demonstrates its verified score is 49.2% demonstrates its suitability for software engineering suitability for software engineering suitability for software engineering applications and this finding supports applications and this finding supports applications and this finding supports DeepS R1's advancements in AI research DeepS R1's advancements in AI research DeepS R1's advancements in AI research establishing it as a formidable establishing it as a formidable establishing it as a formidable competitor in the LLM space. First, competitor in the LLM space. First, competitor in the LLM space. First, let's talk about DeepSync R10 and its let's talk about DeepSync R10 and its let's talk about DeepSync R10 and its successor DeepSc R1. So, let's break it successor DeepSc R1. So, let's break it successor DeepSc R1. So, let's break it down. In reinforcement learning, there down. In reinforcement learning, there down. In reinforcement learning, there are two main components, the agent and are two main components, the agent and are two main components, the agent and the environment. The agent interacts the environment. The agent interacts the environment. The agent interacts with the environment and based on its with the environment and based on its with the environment and based on its actions, it receives rewards or actions, it receives rewards or actions, it receives rewards or penalties. The goal of the agent is to penalties. The goal of the agent is to penalties. The goal of the agent is to maximize these rewards by learning from maximize these rewards by learning from maximize these rewards by learning from its mistakes and improving over time. its mistakes and improving over time. its mistakes and improving over time. Now, let's talk about the DeepS R10. Now, let's talk about the DeepS R10. Now, let's talk about the DeepS R10. This model was a pioneering attempt to This model was a pioneering attempt to This model was a pioneering attempt to use reinforcement learning without use reinforcement learning without use reinforcement learning without supervised fine-tuning. And the idea was supervised fine-tuning. And the idea was supervised fine-tuning. And the idea was to let the model learn entirely through to let the model learn entirely through to let the model learn entirely through interaction with its environment without interaction with its environment without interaction with its environment without any pre-labelled data. However, this any pre-labelled data. However, this any pre-labelled data. However, this approach had some challenges. Deepsec approach had some challenges. Deepsec approach had some challenges. Deepsec R10 faced two major issues. First is the R10 faced two major issues. First is the R10 faced two major issues. First is the poor readability. The model's outputs poor readability. The model's outputs poor readability. The model's outputs were often hard to understand and next were often hard to understand and next were often hard to understand and next the language mixing with Chinese. The the language mixing with Chinese. The the language mixing with Chinese. The model sometimes mixed languages model sometimes mixed languages model sometimes mixed languages especially Chinese which affected its especially Chinese which affected its especially Chinese which affected its performance in English task. And to performance in English task. And to performance in English task. And to address these issues, the team address these issues, the team address these issues, the team introduced Deepseek R1. This new model introduced Deepseek R1. This new model introduced Deepseek R1. This new model not only solved the problems of not only solved the problems of not only solved the problems of readability and language mixing but also readability and language mixing but also readability and language mixing but also achieved remarkable performance. In achieved remarkable performance. In achieved remarkable performance. In fact, DeepSync R1 matched the accuracy fact, DeepSync R1 matched the accuracy fact, DeepSync R1 matched the accuracy of OpenAI's GPD01 model, especially the of OpenAI's GPD01 model, especially the of OpenAI's GPD01 model, especially the OpenAI 01217 model on reasoning task. OpenAI 01217 model on reasoning task. OpenAI 01217 model on reasoning task. That's a huge milestone. But that's not That's a huge milestone. But that's not That's a huge milestone. But that's not all. Deepsec R1 is also 24 to 28 times all. Deepsec R1 is also 24 to 28 times all. Deepsec R1 is also 24 to 28 times cheaper to train compared to other cheaper to train compared to other cheaper to train compared to other state-of-the-art models. And this makes state-of-the-art models. And this makes state-of-the-art models. And this makes it not only highly effective but also it not only highly effective but also it not only highly effective but also costefficient opening up new costefficient opening up new costefficient opening up new possibilities for research and possibilities for research and possibilities for research and applications. So to recap here we have applications. So to recap here we have applications. So to recap here we have the DeepSc R10 was an ambitious attempt the DeepSc R10 was an ambitious attempt the DeepSc R10 was an ambitious attempt to reinforcement learning without to reinforcement learning without to reinforcement learning without supervised finetuning but it faced supervised finetuning but it faced supervised finetuning but it faced challenges with readability and language challenges with readability and language challenges with readability and language mixing. Deepsec R1 addressed these mixing. Deepsec R1 addressed these mixing. Deepsec R1 addressed these issues achieving top tier accuracy and issues achieving top tier accuracy and issues achieving top tier accuracy and being significantly most cost effective. being significantly most cost effective. being significantly most cost effective. Now as far as GPD is concerned, CH GPD Now as far as GPD is concerned, CH GPD Now as far as GPD is concerned, CH GPD combines unsupervised learning, combines unsupervised learning, combines unsupervised learning, supervised fine-tuning and RL HF making supervised fine-tuning and RL HF making supervised fine-tuning and RL HF making it more aligned for text based reasoning it more aligned for text based reasoning it more aligned for text based reasoning and safe AI interactions. and safe AI interactions. and safe AI interactions. Now we will look at the model Now we will look at the model Now we will look at the model comparison. Deepseek and GPT are both comparison. Deepseek and GPT are both comparison. Deepseek and GPT are both pushing the boundaries of what AI can pushing the boundaries of what AI can pushing the boundaries of what AI can do, but they take a very different do, but they take a very different do, but they take a very different approaches. So let's break it down. We approaches. So let's break it down. We approaches. So let's break it down. We asked the GPT01 model and DeepSc R1 asked the GPT01 model and DeepSc R1 asked the GPT01 model and DeepSc R1 model to generate a Python code where a model to generate a Python code where a model to generate a Python code where a ball bounces inside a rotating triangle. ball bounces inside a rotating triangle. ball bounces inside a rotating triangle. Sounds cool, right? Well, let's check Sounds cool, right? Well, let's check Sounds cool, right? Well, let's check out the result. out the result. out the result. First up, here's what GPD01 came up First up, here's what GPD01 came up First up, here's what GPD01 came up with. It works, but the physics seems a with. It works, but the physics seems a with. It works, but the physics seems a bit off and the moment isn't as smooth bit off and the moment isn't as smooth bit off and the moment isn't as smooth as you would expect. Not bad, but it's as you would expect. Not bad, but it's as you would expect. Not bad, but it's not quite there yet. Now, let's look at not quite there yet. Now, let's look at not quite there yet. Now, let's look at what DeepSc R1 generated. what DeepSc R1 generated. what DeepSc R1 generated. Wow, this one looks way better, right? Wow, this one looks way better, right? Wow, this one looks way better, right? The ball's movement feels more natural The ball's movement feels more natural The ball's movement feels more natural and the rotation of the triangle is much and the rotation of the triangle is much and the rotation of the triangle is much smoother. The overall gameplay smoother. The overall gameplay smoother. The overall gameplay experience is just more polished. So, if experience is just more polished. So, if experience is just more polished. So, if we compare the two, DeepSc R1 definitely we compare the two, DeepSc R1 definitely we compare the two, DeepSc R1 definitely outperform GPD01 in this challenge. Of outperform GPD01 in this challenge. Of outperform GPD01 in this challenge. Of course, both models are impressive in course, both models are impressive in course, both models are impressive in their own ways, but when it comes to their own ways, but when it comes to their own ways, but when it comes to designing this specific game, DeepSc R1 designing this specific game, DeepSc R1 designing this specific game, DeepSc R1 takes the win. Now, we will distinguish takes the win. Now, we will distinguish takes the win. Now, we will distinguish the differences in detail. So first the differences in detail. So first the differences in detail. So first let's talk about the architecture. let's talk about the architecture. let's talk about the architecture. Deepseek uses a mixture of experts Deepseek uses a mixture of experts Deepseek uses a mixture of experts design. Think of it like a team of design. Think of it like a team of design. Think of it like a team of specialists. Only the relevant experts specialists. Only the relevant experts specialists. Only the relevant experts are activated for each task. So for are activated for each task. So for are activated for each task. So for example, DeepSc V3 has 671 billion example, DeepSc V3 has 671 billion example, DeepSc V3 has 671 billion parameters but only 37 billion are parameters but only 37 billion are parameters but only 37 billion are activated per token making it super activated per token making it super activated per token making it super efficient. And on the other hand, GPD efficient. And on the other hand, GPD efficient. And on the other hand, GPD model uses a dense transformer model uses a dense transformer model uses a dense transformer architecture where all the parameters architecture where all the parameters architecture where all the parameters are active at once. GPD 4 for instance are active at once. GPD 4 for instance are active at once. GPD 4 for instance has 175 billion parameters all working has 175 billion parameters all working has 175 billion parameters all working simultaneously and this makes GPD simultaneously and this makes GPD simultaneously and this makes GPD powerful but also computationally powerful but also computationally powerful but also computationally expensive. Now let's talk about cost and expensive. Now let's talk about cost and expensive. Now let's talk about cost and efficiency. Deepseek is a gamecher here. efficiency. Deepseek is a gamecher here. efficiency. Deepseek is a gamecher here. It was developed on the budget of just It was developed on the budget of just It was developed on the budget of just $5.5 million due to its efficient MOE $5.5 million due to its efficient MOE $5.5 million due to its efficient MOE design and that's a fraction of what design and that's a fraction of what design and that's a fraction of what other models cost. GPT models like GPT4 other models cost. GPT models like GPT4 other models cost. GPT models like GPT4 requires massive computational requires massive computational requires massive computational resources. Training GPD4 cost over resources. Training GPD4 cost over resources. Training GPD4 cost over hundred billion dollars, making it a hundred billion dollars, making it a hundred billion dollars, making it a heavyweight in terms of both performance heavyweight in terms of both performance heavyweight in terms of both performance and expense. And when it comes to and expense. And when it comes to and expense. And when it comes to performance, both models shine in performance, both models shine in performance, both models shine in different areas. Deepsec is a powerhouse different areas. Deepsec is a powerhouse different areas. Deepsec is a powerhouse in task like coding, translation, and in task like coding, translation, and in task like coding, translation, and solving complex math problems. And in solving complex math problems. And in solving complex math problems. And in fact, DeepSc R1 has been shown to match fact, DeepSc R1 has been shown to match fact, DeepSc R1 has been shown to match the performance of advanced systems from the performance of advanced systems from the performance of advanced systems from Open AI and Google despite its smaller Open AI and Google despite its smaller Open AI and Google despite its smaller budget. GPD models like GPD4 are known budget. GPD models like GPD4 are known budget. GPD models like GPD4 are known for their natural language for their natural language for their natural language understanding, creative writing and understanding, creative writing and understanding, creative writing and complex reasoning and they are complex reasoning and they are complex reasoning and they are incredibly versatile and can handle a incredibly versatile and can handle a incredibly versatile and can handle a wide range of task with ease. Next, wide range of task with ease. Next, wide range of task with ease. Next, accessibility is another key difference. accessibility is another key difference. accessibility is another key difference. Datake is an open-source meaning its Datake is an open-source meaning its Datake is an open-source meaning its code is available to the public and this code is available to the public and this code is available to the public and this promotes transparency, collaboration and promotes transparency, collaboration and promotes transparency, collaboration and innovation within the AI community. GPD innovation within the AI community. GPD innovation within the AI community. GPD models on the other hand are primarily models on the other hand are primarily models on the other hand are primarily proprietary. While open AI has released proprietary. While open AI has released proprietary. While open AI has released some tools and models, many advanced some tools and models, many advanced some tools and models, many advanced versions are restricted and accessed versions are restricted and accessed versions are restricted and accessed through APIs. Finally, let's talk about through APIs. Finally, let's talk about through APIs. Finally, let's talk about the ethics and censorship. Deepsec the ethics and censorship. Deepsec the ethics and censorship. Deepsec implements strict content moderation, implements strict content moderation, implements strict content moderation, especially for politically sensitive especially for politically sensitive especially for politically sensitive topics. This ensures compliance with topics. This ensures compliance with topics. This ensures compliance with regulatory standards, but can sometimes regulatory standards, but can sometimes regulatory standards, but can sometimes limit its responses. GPD models also limit its responses. GPD models also limit its responses. GPD models also have moderation mechanism to prevent have moderation mechanism to prevent have moderation mechanism to prevent harmful outputs. But they strive to harmful outputs. But they strive to harmful outputs. But they strive to balance open access to information with balance open access to information with balance open access to information with ethical guidelines. Now we will install ethical guidelines. Now we will install ethical guidelines. Now we will install the DeepSc R1 and run a short demo on the DeepSc R1 and run a short demo on the DeepSc R1 and run a short demo on it. So let's see how the DeepSc R1 model it. So let's see how the DeepSc R1 model it. So let's see how the DeepSc R1 model can be installed. First let's open up can be installed. First let's open up can be installed. First let's open up our browser and head over to the our browser and head over to the our browser and head over to the ola.com. And once you're there you will ola.com. And once you're there you will ola.com. And once you're there you will see a download button. So go ahead and see a download button. So go ahead and see a download button. So go ahead and click on that. Now select download for click on that. Now select download for click on that. Now select download for Windows to start the download. And keep Windows to start the download. And keep Windows to start the download. And keep in mind it's a pretty big file. So it in mind it's a pretty big file. So it in mind it's a pretty big file. So it might take a minute to download. So might take a minute to download. So might take a minute to download. So let's give it some time. let's give it some time. let's give it some time. Once the download finishes, go to the Once the download finishes, go to the Once the download finishes, go to the download folder and find the download folder and find the download folder and find the installation file. Now here, double installation file. Now here, double installation file. Now here, double click on the file to open the click on the file to open the click on the file to open the installation window. And you will see an installation window. And you will see an installation window. And you will see an install button. So simply click on that install button. So simply click on that install button. So simply click on that and Ola will start installing on your and Ola will start installing on your and Ola will start installing on your system. system. system. So once Ola is installed, let's head So once Ola is installed, let's head So once Ola is installed, let's head back to the Ola website. Now click on back to the Ola website. Now click on back to the Ola website. Now click on the models tab at the top of the page the models tab at the top of the page the models tab at the top of the page and here you will see a list of and here you will see a list of and here you will see a list of available models. And for this video we available models. And for this video we available models. And for this video we are going to use the Deepseek R1 model. are going to use the Deepseek R1 model. are going to use the Deepseek R1 model. So we will select the 1.5B model but if So we will select the 1.5B model but if So we will select the 1.5B model but if you want you can also choose the latest you want you can also choose the latest you want you can also choose the latest 7B model too. Now once you have selected 7B model too. Now once you have selected 7B model too. Now once you have selected the model you will find the installation the model you will find the installation the model you will find the installation command here. So go ahead and copy that command here. So go ahead and copy that command here. So go ahead and copy that command. Now open your terminal on your command. Now open your terminal on your command. Now open your terminal on your Windows system and paste the command we Windows system and paste the command we Windows system and paste the command we copied earlier. So this is the command copied earlier. So this is the command copied earlier. So this is the command and this command will start pulling the and this command will start pulling the and this command will start pulling the model. So depending on your internet model. So depending on your internet model. So depending on your internet speed, this might take a little time. So speed, this might take a little time. So speed, this might take a little time. So be patient be patient be patient and that's it. Once the process is done, and that's it. Once the process is done, and that's it. Once the process is done, your DeepSc R1 model will be all set up your DeepSc R1 model will be all set up your DeepSc R1 model will be all set up and ready to use on your system. All and ready to use on your system. All and ready to use on your system. All right. Now let's try out some commands right. Now let's try out some commands right. Now let's try out some commands here. So let's say hello. here. So let's say hello. here. So let's say hello. Okay, we got some response here. Now Okay, we got some response here. Now Okay, we got some response here. Now let's ask it to tell something about let's ask it to tell something about let's ask it to tell something about himself. himself. himself. All right, so it responded saying that I All right, so it responded saying that I All right, so it responded saying that I am Deepseek R1 and AI assistant. Next, am Deepseek R1 and AI assistant. Next, am Deepseek R1 and AI assistant. Next, let's ask it to design a Python code to let's ask it to design a Python code to let's ask it to design a Python code to list all the files in a directory. So as you can see, it has provided up So as you can see, it has provided up So as you can see, it has provided up the code we asked for. Great, right? So, the code we asked for. Great, right? So, the code we asked for. Great, right? So, what does all of this means for the what does all of this means for the what does all of this means for the future of AI? Well, AI is becoming more future of AI? Well, AI is becoming more future of AI? Well, AI is becoming more accessible. Like, for years, AI accessible. Like, for years, AI accessible. Like, for years, AI development was mostly controlled by big development was mostly controlled by big development was mostly controlled by big companies with massive budgets. But now, companies with massive budgets. But now, companies with massive budgets. But now, with open-source models like DeepSec R1, with open-source models like DeepSec R1, with open-source models like DeepSec R1, anyone whether you have a small startup anyone whether you have a small startup anyone whether you have a small startup or you are an independent developer or a or you are an independent developer or a or you are an independent developer or a student, you can build AI solutions student, you can build AI solutions student, you can build AI solutions without paying huge API fees. This means without paying huge API fees. This means without paying huge API fees. This means faster adaption and innovation faster adaption and innovation faster adaption and innovation worldwide. Next, the global AI race is worldwide. Next, the global AI race is worldwide. Next, the global AI race is heating up. The AI race between the heating up. The AI race between the heating up. The AI race between the United States and China is getting even United States and China is getting even United States and China is getting even more competitive. While the United more competitive. While the United more competitive. While the United States tries to limit AI chip exports, States tries to limit AI chip exports, States tries to limit AI chip exports, China is finding ways to keep up. No China is finding ways to keep up. No China is finding ways to keep up. No matter which side you support, one thing matter which side you support, one thing matter which side you support, one thing is clear. AI is evolving rapidly and is clear. AI is evolving rapidly and is clear. AI is evolving rapidly and staying informed is more important than staying informed is more important than staying informed is more important than ever. Next, AI is becoming more ever. Next, AI is becoming more ever. Next, AI is becoming more sustainable. Training AI models consume sustainable. Training AI models consume sustainable. Training AI models consume massive amounts of energy. But with massive amounts of energy. But with massive amounts of energy. But with advancements in optimization, we are advancements in optimization, we are advancements in optimization, we are seeing a shift towards more efficient seeing a shift towards more efficient seeing a shift towards more efficient and eco-friendly AI. This means lower and eco-friendly AI. This means lower and eco-friendly AI. This means lower CO2 emissions and a reduced CO2 emissions and a reduced CO2 emissions and a reduced environmental impact. Something that was environmental impact. Something that was environmental impact. Something that was once a major concern in AI development. once a major concern in AI development. once a major concern in AI development. Next, career opportunities are growing. Next, career opportunities are growing. Next, career opportunities are growing. And if you're a developer, AI engineer, And if you're a developer, AI engineer, And if you're a developer, AI engineer, or a data scientist, this is your or a data scientist, this is your or a data scientist, this is your moment. Companies will need skilled moment. Companies will need skilled moment. Companies will need skilled professionals to build and deploy AI professionals to build and deploy AI professionals to build and deploy AI solution at a faster pace than ever. So solution at a faster pace than ever. So solution at a faster pace than ever. So if you have been thinking about getting if you have been thinking about getting if you have been thinking about getting into AI, now is the time to start. Well, into AI, now is the time to start. Well, into AI, now is the time to start. Well, DeepSc is making big moves, but can it DeepSc is making big moves, but can it DeepSc is making big moves, but can it really compete with open AI in long run? really compete with open AI in long run? really compete with open AI in long run? Which one do you think will dominate the Which one do you think will dominate the Which one do you think will dominate the future of AI? So let me know your future of AI? So let me know your future of AI? So let me know your thoughts in the comments below. Let us now see why do we need Let us now see why do we need Let us now see why do we need TensorFlow. You see TensorFlow is TensorFlow. You see TensorFlow is TensorFlow. You see TensorFlow is actually a open-source machine learning actually a open-source machine learning actually a open-source machine learning framework to carry out higherformance framework to carry out higherformance framework to carry out higherformance numeric computing. It provides excellent numeric computing. It provides excellent numeric computing. It provides excellent architecture support which allows easy architecture support which allows easy architecture support which allows easy development of computations across a development of computations across a development of computations across a variety of platform ranging from desktop variety of platform ranging from desktop variety of platform ranging from desktop to clusters of servers, mobiles and edge to clusters of servers, mobiles and edge to clusters of servers, mobiles and edge devices. Now you might be wondering why devices. Now you might be wondering why devices. Now you might be wondering why TensorFlow and how it becomes so popular TensorFlow and how it becomes so popular TensorFlow and how it becomes so popular in such a short span of time, right? And in such a short span of time, right? And in such a short span of time, right? And what makes TensorFlow so special that we what makes TensorFlow so special that we what makes TensorFlow so special that we see a huge surge of developers and see a huge surge of developers and see a huge surge of developers and researchers opting for TensorFlow researchers opting for TensorFlow researchers opting for TensorFlow framework? Well, you see, when it comes framework? Well, you see, when it comes framework? Well, you see, when it comes to artificial intelligence framework to artificial intelligence framework to artificial intelligence framework showdown, you'll find TensorFlow emerges showdown, you'll find TensorFlow emerges showdown, you'll find TensorFlow emerges as a clear winner. Most of the time, the as a clear winner. Most of the time, the as a clear winner. Most of the time, the majority of credit goes to soaring majority of credit goes to soaring majority of credit goes to soaring popularity and contribution across popularity and contribution across popularity and contribution across various forms such as GitHub, Stack various forms such as GitHub, Stack various forms such as GitHub, Stack Overflow, and Kora. The fact is Overflow, and Kora. The fact is Overflow, and Kora. The fact is TensorFlow is being used over 600 TensorFlow is being used over 600 TensorFlow is being used over 600 open-source repository showing its roots open-source repository showing its roots open-source repository showing its roots in many real world research projects and in many real world research projects and in many real world research projects and applications. And coming to the features applications. And coming to the features applications. And coming to the features that I would like to mention is that that I would like to mention is that that I would like to mention is that TensorFlow is supported for different TensorFlow is supported for different TensorFlow is supported for different languages. This allows developers to languages. This allows developers to languages. This allows developers to integrate TensorFlow in unique way. As integrate TensorFlow in unique way. As integrate TensorFlow in unique way. As we know TensorFlow was developed by we know TensorFlow was developed by we know TensorFlow was developed by Google which itself makes it a Google which itself makes it a Google which itself makes it a state-of-the-art. But a point to be state-of-the-art. But a point to be state-of-the-art. But a point to be easy to understand documentation even easy to understand documentation even easy to understand documentation even for the beginners. Most of the tech for the beginners. Most of the tech for the beginners. Most of the tech giants like Google, Coca-Cola, Instagram giants like Google, Coca-Cola, Instagram giants like Google, Coca-Cola, Instagram and General Electrics and many more use and General Electrics and many more use and General Electrics and many more use TensorFlow in their deep learning and TensorFlow in their deep learning and TensorFlow in their deep learning and machine learning model. Thus making it machine learning model. Thus making it machine learning model. Thus making it an industry standard and hence must have an industry standard and hence must have an industry standard and hence must have skills for a relevant job role. So now skills for a relevant job role. So now skills for a relevant job role. So now what is TensorFlow? Well, TensorFlow is what is TensorFlow? Well, TensorFlow is what is TensorFlow? Well, TensorFlow is a open-source end-to-end platform for a open-source end-to-end platform for a open-source end-to-end platform for creating machine learning applications. creating machine learning applications. creating machine learning applications. It is a systematic math library that It is a systematic math library that It is a systematic math library that uses data flow and differentiable uses data flow and differentiable uses data flow and differentiable programming to perform various tasks programming to perform various tasks programming to perform various tasks focused on training and interface for focused on training and interface for focused on training and interface for deep neural network. It allows deep neural network. It allows deep neural network. It allows developers to create machine learning developers to create machine learning developers to create machine learning applications using various tools, applications using various tools, applications using various tools, libraries and community resources. As libraries and community resources. As libraries and community resources. As mentioned earlier, currently the most mentioned earlier, currently the most mentioned earlier, currently the most famous deep learning library in the famous deep learning library in the famous deep learning library in the world is Google's TensorFlow. Google world is Google's TensorFlow. Google world is Google's TensorFlow. Google makes sure to use this TensorFlow in it makes sure to use this TensorFlow in it makes sure to use this TensorFlow in it machine learning product in order to machine learning product in order to machine learning product in order to enhance it use. For example, it uses enhance it use. For example, it uses enhance it use. For example, it uses TensorFlow in search engine, TensorFlow in search engine, TensorFlow in search engine, translation, image captioning, or even translation, image captioning, or even translation, image captioning, or even recommendation engine. To give you a recommendation engine. To give you a recommendation engine. To give you a concrete example, Google users concrete example, Google users concrete example, Google users experience a faster and more refined experience a faster and more refined experience a faster and more refined search with AI. If the users typed a search with AI. If the users typed a search with AI. If the users typed a keyword in a search bar, Google provides keyword in a search bar, Google provides keyword in a search bar, Google provides recommendation about what the next word recommendation about what the next word recommendation about what the next word could be. Unlike other framework, I could be. Unlike other framework, I could be. Unlike other framework, I would like to say TensorFlow as an would like to say TensorFlow as an would like to say TensorFlow as an ecosystem. And the building blocks of ecosystem. And the building blocks of ecosystem. And the building blocks of TensorFlow ecosystem is nothing but a TensorFlow ecosystem is nothing but a TensorFlow ecosystem is nothing but a tensor. So now you might be wondering tensor. So now you might be wondering tensor. So now you might be wondering what's a tensor right well you see what's a tensor right well you see what's a tensor right well you see tensor is nothing but a multi-dimension tensor is nothing but a multi-dimension tensor is nothing but a multi-dimension array tensor can have a shape and a data array tensor can have a shape and a data array tensor can have a shape and a data type but do not have actual values and type but do not have actual values and type but do not have actual values and honestly speaking tensorflow over here honestly speaking tensorflow over here honestly speaking tensorflow over here makes use of this shape even though the makes use of this shape even though the makes use of this shape even though the value is scalar that is nothing but you value is scalar that is nothing but you value is scalar that is nothing but you know if you have a value like 22 it is know if you have a value like 22 it is know if you have a value like 22 it is also represented as 1 + 1 array no also represented as 1 + 1 array no also represented as 1 + 1 array no matter be it a single dimension array or matter be it a single dimension array or matter be it a single dimension array or a n dimension array everything over here a n dimension array everything over here a n dimension array everything over here is referred to as a tensor now you might is referred to as a tensor now you might is referred to as a tensor now you might be wondering wondering, hey Janed, you be wondering wondering, hey Janed, you be wondering wondering, hey Janed, you said TensorFlow is an ecosystem. So how said TensorFlow is an ecosystem. So how said TensorFlow is an ecosystem. So how does it work? Well, you see the way does it work? Well, you see the way does it work? Well, you see the way TensorFlow works is on something called TensorFlow works is on something called TensorFlow works is on something called as computation graph. So what is this as computation graph. So what is this as computation graph. So what is this computation graph? Right? Computation computation graph? Right? Computation computation graph? Right? Computation graph is defined as directed graph where graph is defined as directed graph where graph is defined as directed graph where nodes corresponds to a mathematical nodes corresponds to a mathematical nodes corresponds to a mathematical equation. Computational graphs are the equation. Computational graphs are the equation. Computational graphs are the ways of expressing and evaluating ways of expressing and evaluating ways of expressing and evaluating mathematical equation. So let me now mathematical equation. So let me now mathematical equation. So let me now quickly move to my canvas and show you quickly move to my canvas and show you quickly move to my canvas and show you how computational graph works. To give how computational graph works. To give how computational graph works. To give you a better example of what is you a better example of what is you a better example of what is computational graph, let me just quickly computational graph, let me just quickly computational graph, let me just quickly take an equation over here. Let's say take an equation over here. Let's say take an equation over here. Let's say this equation over here represents P = X this equation over here represents P = X this equation over here represents P = X + Y. So this is basically a simple + Y. So this is basically a simple + Y. So this is basically a simple mathematical equation. So now how would mathematical equation. So now how would mathematical equation. So now how would I put this in a computational graph? So I put this in a computational graph? So I put this in a computational graph? So as I mentioned earlier over here the as I mentioned earlier over here the as I mentioned earlier over here the node represents an operation. So this node represents an operation. So this node represents an operation. So this part over here is referred to as node part over here is referred to as node part over here is referred to as node and the operation which this is going to and the operation which this is going to and the operation which this is going to represent is positive or plus or the represent is positive or plus or the represent is positive or plus or the addition operation. So the inputs for addition operation. So the inputs for addition operation. So the inputs for this is going to be x and y and then we this is going to be x and y and then we this is going to be x and y and then we have an output over here p which is have an output over here p which is have an output over here p which is nothing but p= x + y. So this is what a nothing but p= x + y. So this is what a nothing but p= x + y. So this is what a computation graph represents. So to give computation graph represents. So to give computation graph represents. So to give you a better understanding of why we use you a better understanding of why we use you a better understanding of why we use computational graph that's because of computational graph that's because of computational graph that's because of something called as forward propagation something called as forward propagation something called as forward propagation and a backward propagation. So to and a backward propagation. So to and a backward propagation. So to understand this let me take up a bit understand this let me take up a bit understand this let me take up a bit complex equation. Let's say we have complex equation. Let's say we have complex equation. Let's say we have something like g something like g something like g is equal to then we have let's say we is equal to then we have let's say we is equal to then we have let's say we have an operation here x + y have an operation here x + y have an operation here x + y and then this would be product * z. So and then this would be product * z. So and then this would be product * z. So if I have to put this in a computational if I have to put this in a computational if I have to put this in a computational graph first off we'll have this node graph first off we'll have this node graph first off we'll have this node right. So let go by board mass rule. So right. So let go by board mass rule. So right. So let go by board mass rule. So it would be brackets. So obviously we'll it would be brackets. So obviously we'll it would be brackets. So obviously we'll put the brackets over here and operation put the brackets over here and operation put the brackets over here and operation within this is positive or plus and then within this is positive or plus and then within this is positive or plus and then we'll give this as x and y we'll give this as x and y we'll give this as x and y and the output of this is p and this p and the output of this is p and this p and the output of this is p and this p over here represents x + y and we have over here represents x + y and we have over here represents x + y and we have to add another node right that's because to add another node right that's because to add another node right that's because we have a multiplication to be done here we have a multiplication to be done here we have a multiplication to be done here so let me add one more node over here so let me add one more node over here so let me add one more node over here which would represents product of two which would represents product of two which would represents product of two numbers and I would just pass an arrow numbers and I would just pass an arrow numbers and I would just pass an arrow and one more input that's nothing and one more input that's nothing and one more input that's nothing Z this is going to be G right Z this is going to be G right Z this is going to be G right and this output over here represents P * and this output over here represents P * and this output over here represents P * Z right so let me quickly erase this so Z right so let me quickly erase this so Z right so let me quickly erase this so this is going to be P * Z or I can just this is going to be P * Z or I can just this is going to be P * Z or I can just write as PZ right so I'm pretty sure write as PZ right so I'm pretty sure write as PZ right so I'm pretty sure this is something which is crystal clear this is something which is crystal clear this is something which is crystal clear to all and the output if I give over to all and the output if I give over to all and the output if I give over here this is going to be P * Z and here here this is going to be P * Z and here here this is going to be P * Z and here P represents X + Y so let me quickly P represents X + Y so let me quickly P represents X + Y so let me quickly write that as well X + Y * Z Whatever we write that as well X + Y * Z Whatever we write that as well X + Y * Z Whatever we did now is referred to as forward did now is referred to as forward did now is referred to as forward propagation. And what happens in the forward And what happens in the forward And what happens in the forward propagation is we're trying to find the propagation is we're trying to find the propagation is we're trying to find the value of G. But when we are dealing with value of G. But when we are dealing with value of G. But when we are dealing with deep neural network, as I have mentioned deep neural network, as I have mentioned deep neural network, as I have mentioned earlier, we use TensorFlow to create or earlier, we use TensorFlow to create or earlier, we use TensorFlow to create or to work with neural networks or deep to work with neural networks or deep to work with neural networks or deep learning. And we all know deep learning learning. And we all know deep learning learning. And we all know deep learning is completely based on neural networks is completely based on neural networks is completely based on neural networks or I can also say it as it is inspired or I can also say it as it is inspired or I can also say it as it is inspired by artificial neural networks. So now by artificial neural networks. So now by artificial neural networks. So now what I'm going to do over here is the what I'm going to do over here is the what I'm going to do over here is the other most important thing when it comes other most important thing when it comes other most important thing when it comes to deep learning is something called as to deep learning is something called as to deep learning is something called as updating the value of weights. So how do updating the value of weights. So how do updating the value of weights. So how do you update the value of weights? It's you update the value of weights? It's you update the value of weights? It's obviously by back propagation. And the way back propagation works is by And the way back propagation works is by And the way back propagation works is by taking a partial derivative. So to give taking a partial derivative. So to give taking a partial derivative. So to give you a better understanding, let me just you a better understanding, let me just you a better understanding, let me just take this particular example here. Let take this particular example here. Let take this particular example here. Let me quickly erase rest of the stuff. me quickly erase rest of the stuff. me quickly erase rest of the stuff. So let us now take or assign the value So let us now take or assign the value So let us now take or assign the value for our x, y and z. Let's say x over for our x, y and z. Let's say x over for our x, y and z. Let's say x over here represents a value x = 5 and at the here represents a value x = 5 and at the here represents a value x = 5 and at the same time we have y = 10. And let's take same time we have y = 10. And let's take same time we have y = 10. And let's take the value of zed over here as let's take the value of zed over here as let's take the value of zed over here as let's take it as one. Okay, let's take it as like it as one. Okay, let's take it as like it as one. Okay, let's take it as like two, right? So one like product times two, right? So one like product times two, right? So one like product times one is nothing but the same number. So one is nothing but the same number. So one is nothing but the same number. So just to differentiate let's give it as just to differentiate let's give it as just to differentiate let's give it as two. So now if I'm trying to move this two. So now if I'm trying to move this two. So now if I'm trying to move this towards forward propagation what's going towards forward propagation what's going towards forward propagation what's going to happen is I'm supposed to find like to happen is I'm supposed to find like to happen is I'm supposed to find like it it would follow the same map. So now it it would follow the same map. So now it it would follow the same map. So now the value of x over here would be five. the value of x over here would be five. the value of x over here would be five. Y here would be 10 and z over here would Y here would be 10 and z over here would Y here would be 10 and z over here would be two. So this is the initial value. So be two. So this is the initial value. So be two. So this is the initial value. So now let's see what happens in the now let's see what happens in the now let's see what happens in the forward propagation. So now x and y get forward propagation. So now x and y get forward propagation. So now x and y get added up. So this would be 15 and this added up. So this would be 15 and this added up. So this would be 15 and this would be represented over here as 15. would be represented over here as 15. would be represented over here as 15. And now as you can see here we are And now as you can see here we are And now as you can see here we are supposed to perform the product. So this supposed to perform the product. So this supposed to perform the product. So this is nothing but product between P and Z. is nothing but product between P and Z. is nothing but product between P and Z. 15 * 2 is what? 30. Right? And so 15 * 2 is what? 30. Right? And so 15 * 2 is what? 30. Right? And so finally the value of G over here is finally the value of G over here is finally the value of G over here is nothing but 30. Let me now show you what nothing but 30. Let me now show you what nothing but 30. Let me now show you what back propagation is. With back back propagation is. With back back propagation is. With back propagation what's going to happen is we propagation what's going to happen is we propagation what's going to happen is we are going to change or we're going to are going to change or we're going to are going to change or we're going to update the value of these X Y and Z. If update the value of these X Y and Z. If update the value of these X Y and Z. If you don't believe me, let me quickly you don't believe me, let me quickly you don't believe me, let me quickly show you how that works. So first off, show you how that works. So first off, show you how that works. So first off, what we'll do is we're going to take the what we'll do is we're going to take the what we'll do is we're going to take the differentiation. So this is going to be differentiation. So this is going to be differentiation. So this is going to be like a partial derivative. like a partial derivative. like a partial derivative. So first off, we're going to start over So first off, we're going to start over So first off, we're going to start over here. We're going to start over here by here. We're going to start over here by here. We're going to start over here by saying it as delta G by delta G which is saying it as delta G by delta G which is saying it as delta G by delta G which is nothing but what do you say? What do you nothing but what do you say? What do you nothing but what do you say? What do you think delta G by delta G? This is think delta G by delta G? This is think delta G by delta G? This is nothing but one. And then finally coming nothing but one. And then finally coming nothing but one. And then finally coming down over here we have to take partial down over here we have to take partial down over here we have to take partial derivative with respect to this. So let derivative with respect to this. So let derivative with respect to this. So let me quickly show you. So partial me quickly show you. So partial me quickly show you. So partial derivative of this with respect to P and derivative of this with respect to P and derivative of this with respect to P and with respect to Z. So let's take this. with respect to Z. So let's take this. with respect to Z. So let's take this. Let me quickly write this down here. So Let me quickly write this down here. So Let me quickly write this down here. So first off we take partial derivative of first off we take partial derivative of first off we take partial derivative of G G and this should be one. And next we G G and this should be one. And next we G G and this should be one. And next we have PZ. We are moving in a backward have PZ. We are moving in a backward have PZ. We are moving in a backward direction. So obviously we'll be moving direction. So obviously we'll be moving direction. So obviously we'll be moving from right to the left. So let me from right to the left. So let me from right to the left. So let me quickly do partial derivative over here. quickly do partial derivative over here. quickly do partial derivative over here. In a stage two we'll have PZ. So PZ In a stage two we'll have PZ. So PZ In a stage two we'll have PZ. So PZ partial derivative of this by with partial derivative of this by with partial derivative of this by with respect to P which is nothing but Z. And respect to P which is nothing but Z. And respect to P which is nothing but Z. And the value of Z is what? Two. And then the value of Z is what? Two. And then the value of Z is what? Two. And then similarly we are going to do partial similarly we are going to do partial similarly we are going to do partial derivative of PZ by Z. So partial derivative of PZ by Z. So partial derivative of PZ by Z. So partial derivative of this I hope you know what derivative of this I hope you know what derivative of this I hope you know what is derivation. So obviously this would is derivation. So obviously this would is derivation. So obviously this would end up being P and the value of P over end up being P and the value of P over end up being P and the value of P over here is 30. So the value of P over here here is 30. So the value of P over here here is 30. So the value of P over here what did we get? It's 30. So this is what did we get? It's 30. So this is what did we get? It's 30. So this is going to be 30 here. So where does this going to be 30 here. So where does this going to be 30 here. So where does this value 30 represents? This is the place value 30 represents? This is the place value 30 represents? This is the place where I'm performing the partial where I'm performing the partial where I'm performing the partial derivative. So if you have confusions derivative. So if you have confusions derivative. So if you have confusions from where am I getting this? It's going from where am I getting this? It's going from where am I getting this? It's going to be here. I'm going to perform partial to be here. I'm going to perform partial to be here. I'm going to perform partial derivative over here. So this is going derivative over here. So this is going derivative over here. So this is going to be PZ by partial derivative with to be PZ by partial derivative with to be PZ by partial derivative with respect to zed. So this is going to be respect to zed. So this is going to be respect to zed. So this is going to be P. the value over here is going to be P. the value over here is going to be P. the value over here is going to be 30. I hope this is pretty much clear. 30. I hope this is pretty much clear. 30. I hope this is pretty much clear. And similarly, if I perform partial And similarly, if I perform partial And similarly, if I perform partial derivative here, so it's going to be pz derivative here, so it's going to be pz derivative here, so it's going to be pz by dop and this would give me z. And the by dop and this would give me z. And the by dop and this would give me z. And the value over here is going to be somewhere value over here is going to be somewhere value over here is going to be somewhere around two because that's the value of a around two because that's the value of a around two because that's the value of a z. So finally we are supposed to come z. So finally we are supposed to come z. So finally we are supposed to come back to our third stage that is nothing back to our third stage that is nothing back to our third stage that is nothing but the third layer. So in the third but the third layer. So in the third but the third layer. So in the third layer we have x and y. So the way this layer we have x and y. So the way this layer we have x and y. So the way this is going to be is something like we have is going to be is something like we have is going to be is something like we have do g by do x and d g by dy because we do g by do x and d g by dy because we do g by do x and d g by dy because we are trying to perform the partial are trying to perform the partial are trying to perform the partial derivative of g. So the way this is derivative of g. So the way this is derivative of g. So the way this is going to look like is do g by dox. First going to look like is do g by dox. First going to look like is do g by dox. First we'll do it for x and then we'll go on we'll do it for x and then we'll go on we'll do it for x and then we'll go on for y. And the way this would look like for y. And the way this would look like for y. And the way this would look like is you know I'm supposed to perform is you know I'm supposed to perform is you know I'm supposed to perform something called as chain rule because something called as chain rule because something called as chain rule because now g x x is not directly related to g. now g x x is not directly related to g. now g x x is not directly related to g. If you can see here the X part is not If you can see here the X part is not If you can see here the X part is not directly related to G. So let me quickly directly related to G. So let me quickly directly related to G. So let me quickly take another color and show you. So if take another color and show you. So if take another color and show you. So if you can see here X is not directly you can see here X is not directly you can see here X is not directly related to G. X is related to G via P. related to G. X is related to G via P. related to G. X is related to G via P. And the same thing goes with Y. So this And the same thing goes with Y. So this And the same thing goes with Y. So this is why we'll be performing chain rule is why we'll be performing chain rule is why we'll be performing chain rule over here. And the way chain rule works over here. And the way chain rule works over here. And the way chain rule works is this is something going to be is this is something going to be is this is something going to be something like this. something like this. something like this. So this do G would remain the same. And So this do G would remain the same. And So this do G would remain the same. And then as it's VR P, right? So it's going then as it's VR P, right? So it's going then as it's VR P, right? So it's going to be dp * this is going to be dx by dx. to be dp * this is going to be dx by dx. to be dp * this is going to be dx by dx. So let me quickly erase this and write So let me quickly erase this and write So let me quickly erase this and write it properly. So this is going to be dp it properly. So this is going to be dp it properly. So this is going to be dp by dox. Similarly let's do it for y. So by dox. Similarly let's do it for y. So by dox. Similarly let's do it for y. So if it is do g by do y. if it is do g by do y. if it is do g by do y. This is going to be do g by dp * dp by d This is going to be do g by dp * dp by d This is going to be do g by dp * dp by d y. So let's see what does this y. So let's see what does this y. So let's see what does this represents. So we know what is do g by represents. So we know what is do g by represents. So we know what is do g by dp. So do g by dop over here. dp. So do g by dop over here. dp. So do g by dop over here. So now what's going to happen over here So now what's going to happen over here So now what's going to happen over here is I hope you understand why we are is I hope you understand why we are is I hope you understand why we are using this part over here. So let me using this part over here. So let me using this part over here. So let me just quickly highlight this just quickly highlight this just quickly highlight this and this part over here and this part and this part over here and this part and this part over here and this part over here and this part over here. This over here and this part over here. This over here and this part over here. This is nothing but part of a chain rule is nothing but part of a chain rule is nothing but part of a chain rule because these people are dependent upon because these people are dependent upon because these people are dependent upon p. x and y are dependent upon p in order p. x and y are dependent upon p in order p. x and y are dependent upon p in order to be related to g. Let's quickly see to be related to g. Let's quickly see to be related to g. Let's quickly see what happens. Let me take another color what happens. Let me take another color what happens. Let me take another color here. So as P and X have a direct here. So as P and X have a direct here. So as P and X have a direct relationship, what's going to happen is relationship, what's going to happen is relationship, what's going to happen is this PX is going to be replaced by one. this PX is going to be replaced by one. this PX is going to be replaced by one. And the same thing goes over here. We And the same thing goes over here. We And the same thing goes over here. We already know the value of do G by DOP P. already know the value of do G by DOP P. already know the value of do G by DOP P. I'm pretty sure you might be wondering I'm pretty sure you might be wondering I'm pretty sure you might be wondering where did we calculate this on the graph where did we calculate this on the graph where did we calculate this on the graph over here. Well, if you look close, this over here. Well, if you look close, this over here. Well, if you look close, this PZ over here is nothing but G. This PZ PZ over here is nothing but G. This PZ PZ over here is nothing but G. This PZ over here is nothing but G because after over here is nothing but G because after over here is nothing but G because after computation, we are getting this and P computation, we are getting this and P computation, we are getting this and P here refers to X, Y. So what I'm trying here refers to X, Y. So what I'm trying here refers to X, Y. So what I'm trying to say here is P. So this is PZ. So now to say here is P. So this is PZ. So now to say here is P. So this is PZ. So now what's going to happen is we will try to what's going to happen is we will try to what's going to happen is we will try to form now delta G by delta P. And what is form now delta G by delta P. And what is form now delta G by delta P. And what is the value of this? So if you remember the value of this? So if you remember the value of this? So if you remember this what would be the value of do G by this what would be the value of do G by this what would be the value of do G by DP? You can refer to this part over here DP? You can refer to this part over here DP? You can refer to this part over here because this is represent the same because this is represent the same because this is represent the same thing. So this is nothing but do G by DP thing. So this is nothing but do G by DP thing. So this is nothing but do G by DP which is nothing but Z which in turn is which is nothing but Z which in turn is which is nothing but Z which in turn is two. Let me quickly erase this Z just so two. Let me quickly erase this Z just so two. Let me quickly erase this Z just so to avoid the confusion. So this is how to avoid the confusion. So this is how to avoid the confusion. So this is how we get do G by DP and the value of this we get do G by DP and the value of this we get do G by DP and the value of this is two. So let me quickly fix that. So is two. So let me quickly fix that. So is two. So let me quickly fix that. So this is going to be two and the same this is going to be two and the same this is going to be two and the same thing over here and this is going to be thing over here and this is going to be thing over here and this is going to be 2 * 1. Same thing over here 2 * 1 and 2 * 1. Same thing over here 2 * 1 and 2 * 1. Same thing over here 2 * 1 and now this is going to be two and two. So now this is going to be two and two. So now this is going to be two and two. So what change did we see here? First off what change did we see here? First off what change did we see here? First off let's see what is the initial values. So let's see what is the initial values. So let's see what is the initial values. So initial value over here is nothing but 5 initial value over here is nothing but 5 initial value over here is nothing but 5 10 and 2. So these were the initial 10 and 2. So these were the initial 10 and 2. So these were the initial values. values. values. So what are the new values over here So what are the new values over here So what are the new values over here that we have? Well, if you can see that we have? Well, if you can see that we have? Well, if you can see close, close, close, they all have updated. The value of Z they all have updated. The value of Z they all have updated. The value of Z now is nothing but 30. And the value of now is nothing but 30. And the value of now is nothing but 30. And the value of X and Y has changed from five to all the X and Y has changed from five to all the X and Y has changed from five to all the way down to two. So let me quickly way down to two. So let me quickly way down to two. So let me quickly update that. And Y is equal to two. And update that. And Y is equal to two. And update that. And Y is equal to two. And this is exactly how back propagation this is exactly how back propagation this is exactly how back propagation work. And this is how the weights get work. And this is how the weights get work. And this is how the weights get updated when we are trying to perform updated when we are trying to perform updated when we are trying to perform artificial neural network or you know artificial neural network or you know artificial neural network or you know when we try to perform back propagation when we try to perform back propagation when we try to perform back propagation during any of the deep learning process. during any of the deep learning process. during any of the deep learning process. I hope now you understood why you're I hope now you understood why you're I hope now you understood why you're using this computational graph. So now using this computational graph. So now using this computational graph. So now that you know what is tensorflow and why that you know what is tensorflow and why that you know what is tensorflow and why we need it. Let me quickly show you tool we need it. Let me quickly show you tool we need it. Let me quickly show you tool or I can also say it as a fun pastime to or I can also say it as a fun pastime to or I can also say it as a fun pastime to understand how neural network works and understand how neural network works and understand how neural network works and this is something which is written in this is something which is written in this is something which is written in JavaScript and this is called as JavaScript and this is called as JavaScript and this is called as TensorFlow playground. So what is this TensorFlow playground. So what is this TensorFlow playground. So what is this TensorFlow playground? Well, you see TensorFlow playground? Well, you see TensorFlow playground? Well, you see TensorFlow playground is an interactive TensorFlow playground is an interactive TensorFlow playground is an interactive visualization of neural networks written visualization of neural networks written visualization of neural networks written in a TIScript using D3 JavaScript. It in a TIScript using D3 JavaScript. It in a TIScript using D3 JavaScript. It contains a tiny neural network library contains a tiny neural network library contains a tiny neural network library that meets a demand of educational that meets a demand of educational that meets a demand of educational visualization. You can simulate real visualization. You can simulate real visualization. You can simulate real time in your browser with small neural time in your browser with small neural time in your browser with small neural network and see the results network and see the results network and see the results instantaneously. So, let me quickly move instantaneously. So, let me quickly move instantaneously. So, let me quickly move to my browser and show you how this to my browser and show you how this to my browser and show you how this TensorFlow playground looks like. Well, as you can see here, we have some Well, as you can see here, we have some Well, as you can see here, we have some kind of interface or you can say some kind of interface or you can say some kind of interface or you can say some kind of table over here which represents kind of table over here which represents kind of table over here which represents something over here. Well, let me something over here. Well, let me something over here. Well, let me quickly show you how and what would this quickly show you how and what would this quickly show you how and what would this look like. So over here, this X1 and X2, look like. So over here, this X1 and X2, look like. So over here, this X1 and X2, these are nothing but the inputs and these are nothing but the inputs and these are nothing but the inputs and these are nothing but the neurons these are nothing but the neurons these are nothing but the neurons and this is nothing but the output and this is nothing but the output and this is nothing but the output neuron. Let's say we're trying to neuron. Let's say we're trying to neuron. Let's say we're trying to perform a classification task here. perform a classification task here. perform a classification task here. Classification if you know it's nothing Classification if you know it's nothing Classification if you know it's nothing but you know whether it's yes or no. We but you know whether it's yes or no. We but you know whether it's yes or no. We have two outputs either it's there or have two outputs either it's there or have two outputs either it's there or it's not there. it's not there. it's not there. So we going to pass some learning rate. So we going to pass some learning rate. So we going to pass some learning rate. You can give any value. It will be like You can give any value. It will be like You can give any value. It will be like this thing. And then activation. You can this thing. And then activation. You can this thing. And then activation. You can use any of these. I'll be using ReLU. use any of these. I'll be using ReLU. use any of these. I'll be using ReLU. And then we can also use regularization. And then we can also use regularization. And then we can also use regularization. But as of now it's not needed. Then yeah But as of now it's not needed. Then yeah But as of now it's not needed. Then yeah learning rate. And then we can perform. learning rate. And then we can perform. learning rate. And then we can perform. We have a couple of options here. We can We have a couple of options here. We can We have a couple of options here. We can perform classification or regression perform classification or regression perform classification or regression task. So if I'm taking this regression task. So if I'm taking this regression task. So if I'm taking this regression task, let me quickly execute this. So task, let me quickly execute this. So task, let me quickly execute this. So you'll see here that a beautiful line is you'll see here that a beautiful line is you'll see here that a beautiful line is been drawn over here. And this part over been drawn over here. And this part over been drawn over here. And this part over here represents one cluster. And this here represents one cluster. And this here represents one cluster. And this part over here represents the other part over here represents the other part over here represents the other cluster. So let me quickly increase this cluster. So let me quickly increase this cluster. So let me quickly increase this neuron. And let me add couple of layers. neuron. And let me add couple of layers. neuron. And let me add couple of layers. You know, I'm just randomly using this. You know, I'm just randomly using this. You know, I'm just randomly using this. I'm just randomly trying to play around I'm just randomly trying to play around I'm just randomly trying to play around over here. So let me see. Let's increase over here. So let me see. Let's increase over here. So let me see. Let's increase some noise some noise some noise and also have some bat size increased and also have some bat size increased and also have some bat size increased and the ratio of training to test data. and the ratio of training to test data. and the ratio of training to test data. Let me keep it somewhere like this. And Let me keep it somewhere like this. And Let me keep it somewhere like this. And let me execute this now. let me execute this now. let me execute this now. So as you can see here we have some kind So as you can see here we have some kind So as you can see here we have some kind of regression task which has been of regression task which has been of regression task which has been happening and this is going to run but happening and this is going to run but happening and this is going to run but the important thing over here to the important thing over here to the important thing over here to consider is the way it is classifying consider is the way it is classifying consider is the way it is classifying over here. So there's a thin border line over here. So there's a thin border line over here. So there's a thin border line which is being performed and this part which is being performed and this part which is being performed and this part over here represents one thing and the over here represents one thing and the over here represents one thing and the other one over here. So now that you other one over here. So now that you other one over here. So now that you know what is tensorboard and you know know what is tensorboard and you know know what is tensorboard and you know how neural network works from within. We how neural network works from within. We how neural network works from within. We have also seen the visualization. So now have also seen the visualization. So now have also seen the visualization. So now let us get started off with installation let us get started off with installation let us get started off with installation of tensorflow. So installation of of tensorflow. So installation of of tensorflow. So installation of tensorflow is pretty simple. All you tensorflow is pretty simple. All you tensorflow is pretty simple. All you need to do is know open up your Anaconda need to do is know open up your Anaconda need to do is know open up your Anaconda virtual environment and install virtual environment and install virtual environment and install TensorFlow there. So let me quickly show TensorFlow there. So let me quickly show TensorFlow there. So let me quickly show you how that works. So over here I'm here down to my So over here I'm here down to my So over here I'm here down to my Anaconda prompt. So what I'm going to do Anaconda prompt. So what I'm going to do Anaconda prompt. So what I'm going to do is let me activate my environment or we is let me activate my environment or we is let me activate my environment or we can also create our environment. So I've can also create our environment. So I've can also create our environment. So I've already created it. So let me activate already created it. So let me activate already created it. So let me activate it. So it's going to be activate it. So it's going to be activate it. So it's going to be activate TensorFlow. So in order to install TensorFlow you So in order to install TensorFlow you So in order to install TensorFlow you have to just perform a simple step that have to just perform a simple step that have to just perform a simple step that is nothing but type pip install is nothing but type pip install is nothing but type pip install TensorFlow. So once you hit this just hit enter. So you'll see that you know it would So you'll see that you know it would So you'll see that you know it would take some time to install TensorFlow take some time to install TensorFlow take some time to install TensorFlow package on your system. All right guys as you can see here we All right guys as you can see here we All right guys as you can see here we have successfully installed TensorFlow have successfully installed TensorFlow have successfully installed TensorFlow 2.0. So in order to see whether we have 2.0. So in order to see whether we have 2.0. So in order to see whether we have installed it or not, let me open up a installed it or not, let me open up a installed it or not, let me open up a Python shell here. So for that Python Python shell here. So for that Python Python shell here. So for that Python and let me quickly import TensorFlow. and let me quickly import TensorFlow. and let me quickly import TensorFlow. The reason why I'm getting this error is The reason why I'm getting this error is The reason why I'm getting this error is because I don't have GPU installed. But because I don't have GPU installed. But because I don't have GPU installed. But TensorFlow is working when it comes to TensorFlow is working when it comes to TensorFlow is working when it comes to the CPU version of it. So this is the CPU version of it. So this is the CPU version of it. So this is exactly how this would work. But you exactly how this would work. But you exactly how this would work. But you know most of the time what happens is know most of the time what happens is know most of the time what happens is people don't have a high-end laptop. In people don't have a high-end laptop. In people don't have a high-end laptop. In order to train a deep learning model or order to train a deep learning model or order to train a deep learning model or in order to use TensorFlow on your in order to use TensorFlow on your in order to use TensorFlow on your system, you're supposed to use something system, you're supposed to use something system, you're supposed to use something like a high-end GPU which can be a bit like a high-end GPU which can be a bit like a high-end GPU which can be a bit expensive because you cannot run expensive because you cannot run expensive because you cannot run TensorFlow GPU on any graphic cards. So TensorFlow GPU on any graphic cards. So TensorFlow GPU on any graphic cards. So in order to overcome this, what I'm in order to overcome this, what I'm in order to overcome this, what I'm going to do is we are going to mostly going to do is we are going to mostly going to do is we are going to mostly work on Google Collab. work on Google Collab. work on Google Collab. So now that we have installed TensorFlow So now that we have installed TensorFlow So now that we have installed TensorFlow on our system, but as I mentioned on our system, but as I mentioned on our system, but as I mentioned earlier, we won't be using our inbuilt earlier, we won't be using our inbuilt earlier, we won't be using our inbuilt ID or our system ID in order to run or ID or our system ID in order to run or ID or our system ID in order to run or in order to use TensorFlow. We'll be in order to use TensorFlow. We'll be in order to use TensorFlow. We'll be using something called as Google Collab using something called as Google Collab using something called as Google Collab which is nothing but a Jupyter notebook which is nothing but a Jupyter notebook which is nothing but a Jupyter notebook like system which is provided by Google. like system which is provided by Google. like system which is provided by Google. So let me quickly jump to my code editor So let me quickly jump to my code editor So let me quickly jump to my code editor that is Google Collab and show you the that is Google Collab and show you the that is Google Collab and show you the basics of TensorFlow. basics of TensorFlow. basics of TensorFlow. So the first thing that we are going to So the first thing that we are going to So the first thing that we are going to do over here is we're going to import do over here is we're going to import do over here is we're going to import TensorFlow. So to do that we all we need TensorFlow. So to do that we all we need TensorFlow. So to do that we all we need to do is import TensorFlow to do is import TensorFlow to do is import TensorFlow as TF as TF as TF and then we'll execute this. So to and then we'll execute this. So to and then we'll execute this. So to execute this I'll be clicking shift execute this I'll be clicking shift execute this I'll be clicking shift enter. enter. enter. So if you remember some time back I told So if you remember some time back I told So if you remember some time back I told you this tensorflow I consider it to be you this tensorflow I consider it to be you this tensorflow I consider it to be an ecosystem. So now you'll understand an ecosystem. So now you'll understand an ecosystem. So now you'll understand why I call it an ecosystem. See usually why I call it an ecosystem. See usually why I call it an ecosystem. See usually when I try to perform like when I give a when I try to perform like when I give a when I try to perform like when I give a variable so it's going to be something variable so it's going to be something variable so it's going to be something like five and then I have another like five and then I have another like five and then I have another variable over here. This is going to be variable over here. This is going to be variable over here. This is going to be like 10 like 10 like 10 and finally let's say if I want to and finally let's say if I want to and finally let's say if I want to perform this operation it's going to be perform this operation it's going to be perform this operation it's going to be c is equal to a + b c is equal to a + b c is equal to a + b and I get an output over here which is and I get an output over here which is and I get an output over here which is nothing but it's going to be 15. So this nothing but it's going to be 15. So this nothing but it's going to be 15. So this is how convention way it works. But this is how convention way it works. But this is how convention way it works. But this is not the case in TensorFlow. So the is not the case in TensorFlow. So the is not the case in TensorFlow. So the way it works in TensorFlow is if you way it works in TensorFlow is if you way it works in TensorFlow is if you want to have a constant or variable, want to have a constant or variable, want to have a constant or variable, you're supposed to define it. So it's you're supposed to define it. So it's you're supposed to define it. So it's going to be TF. So this is nothing but a going to be TF. So this is nothing but a going to be TF. So this is nothing but a constant. So constant constant. So constant constant. So constant or I can also say it as variable. or I can also say it as variable. or I can also say it as variable. And now what we're going to do is we're And now what we're going to do is we're And now what we're going to do is we're going to pass the value. So the value going to pass the value. So the value going to pass the value. So the value that I'm going to pass over here, let's that I'm going to pass over here, let's that I'm going to pass over here, let's say it as five. say it as five. say it as five. And we're also supposed to give a data And we're also supposed to give a data And we're also supposed to give a data type. So this is nothing but we have d type. So this is nothing but we have d type. So this is nothing but we have d type and we can use it as tf dot int type and we can use it as tf dot int type and we can use it as tf dot int 32. So similarly what I can do is let me 32. So similarly what I can do is let me 32. So similarly what I can do is let me copy this. Let me have something down copy this. Let me have something down copy this. Let me have something down for b here for b here for b here and let's give the value over here as and let's give the value over here as and let's give the value over here as 10. And let me quickly execute this 10. And let me quickly execute this 10. And let me quickly execute this part. So now as you can see here. So now part. So now as you can see here. So now part. So now as you can see here. So now if I want to perform addition over here if I want to perform addition over here if I want to perform addition over here what I'm going to do is I'm going to what I'm going to do is I'm going to what I'm going to do is I'm going to have c which is nothing but a variable. have c which is nothing but a variable. have c which is nothing but a variable. So for this it will be TF this which So for this it will be TF this which So for this it will be TF this which stands for tensorflow do add a comma b. stands for tensorflow do add a comma b. stands for tensorflow do add a comma b. So now if I see this you will see that So now if I see this you will see that So now if I see this you will see that we will get a value over here we will get a value over here we will get a value over here which is a numpy and it gives 15. which is a numpy and it gives 15. which is a numpy and it gives 15. Similarly let me see if I can create an Similarly let me see if I can create an Similarly let me see if I can create an array here. array here. array here. So we have this array and within this So we have this array and within this So we have this array and within this let's take some random values. So let it let's take some random values. So let it let's take some random values. So let it be like 3a 3a 4 be like 3a 3a 4 be like 3a 3a 4 some random values. It has no order some random values. It has no order some random values. It has no order here. And similarly let's create an here. And similarly let's create an here. And similarly let's create an array here. Let's give as 9a 8a 7. And array here. Let's give as 9a 8a 7. And array here. Let's give as 9a 8a 7. And now let me execute this. So the output over here is going to be So the output over here is going to be So the output over here is going to be an array wherein it's going to be 12 12 an array wherein it's going to be 12 12 an array wherein it's going to be 12 12 and 13. And the shape it also gives us and 13. And the shape it also gives us and 13. And the shape it also gives us the shape of a array. Now if you want to the shape of a array. Now if you want to the shape of a array. Now if you want to convert this into numpy all you need to convert this into numpy all you need to convert this into numpy all you need to do is dot numpy and just give it a do is dot numpy and just give it a do is dot numpy and just give it a function. So you'll see that we get this function. So you'll see that we get this function. So you'll see that we get this in a form of a numpy array. This is the in a form of a numpy array. This is the in a form of a numpy array. This is the very basics of how and what is very basics of how and what is very basics of how and what is tensorflow. We are trying to assign a tensorflow. We are trying to assign a tensorflow. We are trying to assign a variable here. And now another thing variable here. And now another thing variable here. And now another thing that tensorflow also provides us with that tensorflow also provides us with that tensorflow also provides us with with condition statement as well as the with condition statement as well as the with condition statement as well as the if loop or for loop. So let me quickly if loop or for loop. So let me quickly if loop or for loop. So let me quickly show you how an if condition would look show you how an if condition would look show you how an if condition would look like like like or let me give as conditional or let me give as conditional or let me give as conditional statements. statements. statements. So what is this if conditional So what is this if conditional So what is this if conditional statement? Conditional statement is statement? Conditional statement is statement? Conditional statement is nothing like if a is equal to 5 and b is nothing like if a is equal to 5 and b is nothing like if a is equal to 5 and b is equal to 10. And now usually what I equal to 10. And now usually what I equal to 10. And now usually what I would be doing is if a is greater than b would be doing is if a is greater than b would be doing is if a is greater than b then print then print then print a. And then I also have else condition print b. So now whichever is higher I print b. So now whichever is higher I print b. So now whichever is higher I get that value. So let me put 15 here. get that value. So let me put 15 here. get that value. So let me put 15 here. So you'll see the value now changes to So you'll see the value now changes to So you'll see the value now changes to 15. Similarly we can perform the same 15. Similarly we can perform the same 15. Similarly we can perform the same kind of operations using a tensorflow. kind of operations using a tensorflow. kind of operations using a tensorflow. So let me take an example of a itself. So let me take an example of a itself. So let me take an example of a itself. So first off what we're going to do is So first off what we're going to do is So first off what we're going to do is we're going to have a constant. So tf we're going to have a constant. So tf we're going to have a constant. So tf dot constant. dot constant. dot constant. And now what I'm going to do is let's And now what I'm going to do is let's And now what I'm going to do is let's take some constant value like 10 take some constant value like 10 take some constant value like 10 and then we'll have B is equal to TF dot and then we'll have B is equal to TF dot and then we'll have B is equal to TF dot constant constant constant let's say 20. let's say 20. let's say 20. So in general what we'll be doing is So in general what we'll be doing is So in general what we'll be doing is we'll put if A greater than B or less we'll put if A greater than B or less we'll put if A greater than B or less than B. So it's that's not how it works than B. So it's that's not how it works than B. So it's that's not how it works here. The way it's going to work over here. The way it's going to work over here. The way it's going to work over here is first off we'll have a variable here is first off we'll have a variable here is first off we'll have a variable and in order to perform any comparison and in order to perform any comparison and in order to perform any comparison or any condition we have this built-in or any condition we have this built-in or any condition we have this built-in function called as condition. So it's TF function called as condition. So it's TF function called as condition. So it's TF do. condition CO N D do. condition CO N D do. condition CO N D and now within this condition it takes and now within this condition it takes and now within this condition it takes up three parameters. The first parameter up three parameters. The first parameter up three parameters. The first parameter is going to be the condition. So for is going to be the condition. So for is going to be the condition. So for that what we can do is we can perform that what we can do is we can perform that what we can do is we can perform any operator. You have greater than, any operator. You have greater than, any operator. You have greater than, equal to, greater than, equal to, less equal to, greater than, equal to, less equal to, greater than, equal to, less than, equal to, not equal to. So than, equal to, not equal to. So than, equal to, not equal to. So similarly we can have TF dot various similarly we can have TF dot various similarly we can have TF dot various kind of operations such as like greater kind of operations such as like greater kind of operations such as like greater than, less than. So let's take less. You than, less than. So let's take less. You than, less than. So let's take less. You can see here we have less than, equal can see here we have less than, equal can see here we have less than, equal to, greater than equal to. So and this to, greater than equal to. So and this to, greater than equal to. So and this is a function again. And what this is is a function again. And what this is is a function again. And what this is going to take is this is going to take a going to take is this is going to take a going to take is this is going to take a and b. and b. and b. I hope you understand this. And now it's I hope you understand this. And now it's I hope you understand this. And now it's going to take another parameter. And going to take another parameter. And going to take another parameter. And what we're going to pass over here is what we're going to pass over here is what we're going to pass over here is nothing but the function. We haven't nothing but the function. We haven't nothing but the function. We haven't created this function yet. Let's say we created this function yet. Let's say we created this function yet. Let's say we have functions f_sub_1 and f_sub_2. have functions f_sub_1 and f_sub_2. have functions f_sub_1 and f_sub_2. So now the way I want this condition So now the way I want this condition So now the way I want this condition statement to be is like if a is greater statement to be is like if a is greater statement to be is like if a is greater print a b is greater print b. So in print a b is greater print b. So in print a b is greater print b. So in short what I would say is if a is short what I would say is if a is short what I would say is if a is greater than b print f_sub_1 else print greater than b print f_sub_1 else print greater than b print f_sub_1 else print f_sub_2 or over here it's going to be if f_sub_2 or over here it's going to be if f_sub_2 or over here it's going to be if a is less than b print f_sub_1 else a is less than b print f_sub_1 else a is less than b print f_sub_1 else print f_sub_2. So this f_sub_1 f_sub_2 print f_sub_2. So this f_sub_1 f_sub_2 print f_sub_2. So this f_sub_1 f_sub_2 over here is nothing but the function. over here is nothing but the function. over here is nothing but the function. We cannot just pass the values. So in We cannot just pass the values. So in We cannot just pass the values. So in order to do that all we need to do is we order to do that all we need to do is we order to do that all we need to do is we need to define a function. So def need to define a function. So def need to define a function. So def f_sub_1 as is a function this has to return as is a function this has to return as is a function this has to return tf dot constant tf dot constant tf dot constant a a a and similarly we're going to do it for and similarly we're going to do it for and similarly we're going to do it for function f_sub_2. So let me just copy function f_sub_2. So let me just copy function f_sub_2. So let me just copy this this this and print it down here. So let me and print it down here. So let me and print it down here. So let me execute this. execute this. execute this. So now we have a and b. As you can see a So now we have a and b. As you can see a So now we have a and b. As you can see a is obviously less than b. So it's going is obviously less than b. So it's going is obviously less than b. So it's going to print a. So let's see what it gets. to print a. So let's see what it gets. to print a. So let's see what it gets. So we have r dot numpy. So we have r dot numpy. So we have r dot numpy. And let's execute this. You can see here And let's execute this. You can see here And let's execute this. You can see here we have 10. we have 10. we have 10. Now if I change the value of 10 over Now if I change the value of 10 over Now if I change the value of 10 over here to 100, we are going to get the here to 100, we are going to get the here to 100, we are going to get the output here as 20 because it's going to output here as 20 because it's going to output here as 20 because it's going to be 20. So this is how we can perform if be 20. So this is how we can perform if be 20. So this is how we can perform if condition or conditional operation. condition or conditional operation. condition or conditional operation. Similarly, we can also perform our Similarly, we can also perform our Similarly, we can also perform our looping statements here. So let me looping statements here. So let me looping statements here. So let me quickly show you how that works. So first off what we're going to do is So first off what we're going to do is So first off what we're going to do is we want something like you know an array we want something like you know an array we want something like you know an array wherein we want to print numbers like wherein we want to print numbers like wherein we want to print numbers like from 1 2 3 4 5 to 10. So first off from 1 2 3 4 5 to 10. So first off from 1 2 3 4 5 to 10. So first off unlike the normal way wherein we can unlike the normal way wherein we can unlike the normal way wherein we can append to the list. What we're going to append to the list. What we're going to append to the list. What we're going to do is first off we going to create an do is first off we going to create an do is first off we going to create an array. I hope you understand what is an array. I hope you understand what is an array. I hope you understand what is an array. Array is nothing but it's a fixed array. Array is nothing but it's a fixed array. Array is nothing but it's a fixed size and we cannot change it. So it's size and we cannot change it. So it's size and we cannot change it. So it's going to be TF dot variable. going to be TF dot variable. going to be TF dot variable. This will have nothing but zeros. So let This will have nothing but zeros. So let This will have nothing but zeros. So let me quickly import my numpy. me quickly import my numpy. me quickly import my numpy. So it be np import numpy So it be np import numpy So it be np import numpy as np. And now what's going to happen is as np. And now what's going to happen is as np. And now what's going to happen is we need zeros. So I'll just use np we need zeros. So I'll just use np we need zeros. So I'll just use np do.zer. do.zer. do.zer. And I need like 10 whose integer or data And I need like 10 whose integer or data And I need like 10 whose integer or data type type type is nothing but np.int32. So this is one numpy array. And let me So this is one numpy array. And let me So this is one numpy array. And let me execute this here. So now what I'm going execute this here. So now what I'm going execute this here. So now what I'm going to do is I'm going to create a function. to do is I'm going to create a function. to do is I'm going to create a function. So def run. And let me just give here. So def run. And let me just give here. So def run. And let me just give here. So I'll have I. So this is TF dot So I'll have I. So this is TF dot So I'll have I. So this is TF dot constant because we obviously need like constant because we obviously need like constant because we obviously need like some value to close our while. So some value to close our while. So some value to close our while. So obviously this I will start from zero. obviously this I will start from zero. obviously this I will start from zero. And the data type of this I is going to And the data type of this I is going to And the data type of this I is going to be int. So D type is nothing but TF do. be int. So D type is nothing but TF do. be int. So D type is nothing but TF do. 32. So now let's see we have while loop 32. So now let's see we have while loop 32. So now let's see we have while loop tf as I've mentioned earlier in order to tf as I've mentioned earlier in order to tf as I've mentioned earlier in order to perform any operations we have lot of perform any operations we have lot of perform any operations we have lot of built-in libraries. So if you want less built-in libraries. So if you want less built-in libraries. So if you want less than greater than all you need to do is than greater than all you need to do is than greater than all you need to do is tf dot less or less than equal to tf dot less or less than equal to tf dot less or less than equal to whichever suits you and then we'll give whichever suits you and then we'll give whichever suits you and then we'll give a number here less than or equal to 10. a number here less than or equal to 10. a number here less than or equal to 10. But obviously this value has to be But obviously this value has to be But obviously this value has to be compared. So we'll give it here as i. As compared. So we'll give it here as i. As compared. So we'll give it here as i. As long as i is less than and equal to 10th long as i is less than and equal to 10th long as i is less than and equal to 10th it will continue to run. So now what I'm it will continue to run. So now what I'm it will continue to run. So now what I'm going to do is we have this result of I. going to do is we have this result of I. going to do is we have this result of I. So this is I is nothing but the index So this is I is nothing but the index So this is I is nothing but the index and then we'll assign this value and then we'll assign this value and then we'll assign this value and the value that I'm going to assign and the value that I'm going to assign and the value that I'm going to assign is nothing but the value I. And now what is nothing but the value I. And now what is nothing but the value I. And now what I'm going to do is we obviously have to I'm going to do is we obviously have to I'm going to do is we obviously have to increase the index value. So as this is increase the index value. So as this is increase the index value. So as this is a constant it will not change. So I +al a constant it will not change. So I +al a constant it will not change. So I +al 1. 1. 1. So now let us call our function here. So So now let us call our function here. So So now let us call our function here. So to call a function we'll have run and to call a function we'll have run and to call a function we'll have run and this would return us this would return us this would return us a while though. So let me quickly a while though. So let me quickly a while though. So let me quickly execute this. execute this. execute this. So we are getting this error. It says So we are getting this error. It says So we are getting this error. It says index 10 of dimension 10 out of bound. index 10 of dimension 10 out of bound. index 10 of dimension 10 out of bound. It should be pretty simple. Let's see It should be pretty simple. Let's see It should be pretty simple. Let's see where we are going wrong. The reason why where we are going wrong. The reason why where we are going wrong. The reason why we are going wrong over here is because we are going wrong over here is because we are going wrong over here is because we have defined here as 10 but it should we have defined here as 10 but it should we have defined here as 10 but it should be 11. Or we can just change it to less be 11. Or we can just change it to less be 11. Or we can just change it to less than and not equal to. So it would work than and not equal to. So it would work than and not equal to. So it would work properly fine. But it's okay. We changed properly fine. But it's okay. We changed properly fine. But it's okay. We changed it there. So now let's print out this it there. So now let's print out this it there. So now let's print out this result. So what I'm expecting is result. So what I'm expecting is result. So what I'm expecting is initially the result was nothing but 0 0 initially the result was nothing but 0 0 initially the result was nothing but 0 0 like 11 zeros and now we'll be having like 11 zeros and now we'll be having like 11 zeros and now we'll be having zeros something like 0 to 11 or 0 to 10. zeros something like 0 to 11 or 0 to 10. zeros something like 0 to 11 or 0 to 10. Okay. Let me quickly run this from the Okay. Let me quickly run this from the Okay. Let me quickly run this from the start. Okay. So let me just enter here. All right. So now what we are expecting All right. So now what we are expecting All right. So now what we are expecting here is when we had this result it was here is when we had this result it was here is when we had this result it was nothing but like 11 zeros. But now as we nothing but like 11 zeros. But now as we nothing but like 11 zeros. But now as we have inserted the value of i and also have inserted the value of i and also have inserted the value of i and also incremented it. So what I'm expecting incremented it. So what I'm expecting incremented it. So what I'm expecting here is it's going to be like 0 to 10. here is it's going to be like 0 to 10. here is it's going to be like 0 to 10. So let's print this. So let's print our So let's print this. So let's print our So let's print this. So let's print our result. So result result. So result result. So result if I just print out result we will get if I just print out result we will get if I just print out result we will get this in the form of a tensorflow. this in the form of a tensorflow. this in the form of a tensorflow. We can still see it's a numpy array. We can still see it's a numpy array. We can still see it's a numpy array. So we have it from all the way from 0 to So we have it from all the way from 0 to So we have it from all the way from 0 to 10. But now if you by any chance if you 10. But now if you by any chance if you 10. But now if you by any chance if you want this in numpy array. So all you can want this in numpy array. So all you can want this in numpy array. So all you can do is numpy and then this would give you do is numpy and then this would give you do is numpy and then this would give you a numpy here. a numpy here. a numpy here. These were the very basics or I should These were the very basics or I should These were the very basics or I should say tip of the iceberg when you're say tip of the iceberg when you're say tip of the iceberg when you're dealing with tensorflow. It's very dealing with tensorflow. It's very dealing with tensorflow. It's very simple. You can always refer to the simple. You can always refer to the simple. You can always refer to the documentation of tensorflow to get a documentation of tensorflow to get a documentation of tensorflow to get a better or best understanding of how it better or best understanding of how it better or best understanding of how it works. So moving ahead let us now see works. So moving ahead let us now see works. So moving ahead let us now see how we can implement tensorflow in a how we can implement tensorflow in a how we can implement tensorflow in a simple artificial neural network. So simple artificial neural network. So simple artificial neural network. So what I'm going to do over here is I'm what I'm going to do over here is I'm what I'm going to do over here is I'm going to use a built-in data set which going to use a built-in data set which going to use a built-in data set which is called as fashion amnesty. And what is called as fashion amnesty. And what is called as fashion amnesty. And what I'm going to do is we're going to I'm going to do is we're going to I'm going to do is we're going to perform a classification task and we're perform a classification task and we're perform a classification task and we're going to use TensorFlow for it. So let going to use TensorFlow for it. So let going to use TensorFlow for it. So let me quickly jump to my code editor and me quickly jump to my code editor and me quickly jump to my code editor and show you how we can implement that. So show you how we can implement that. So show you how we can implement that. So same as before, I'm going to use Google same as before, I'm going to use Google same as before, I'm going to use Google Collab here. Let me quickly delete all Collab here. Let me quickly delete all Collab here. Let me quickly delete all of our tabs. of our tabs. of our tabs. So to start off, let's import a couple So to start off, let's import a couple So to start off, let's import a couple of libraries. First off, we would need of libraries. First off, we would need of libraries. First off, we would need NumPy. NumPy. NumPy. Then let's have something like Mattplot. And then we obviously need TensorFlow. And then we need our data set. So in And then we need our data set. So in And then we need our data set. So in order to get our data set, what I'm order to get our data set, what I'm order to get our data set, what I'm going to do is import tensorflow.karas [Music] dot dataset. dot dataset. dot dataset. So it's going to be from So it's going to be from So it's going to be from tensorflow.karas.dataset. tensorflow.karas.dataset. tensorflow.karas.dataset. So let me quickly change this here. So let me quickly change this here. So let me quickly change this here. Or else we supposed to write entire long Or else we supposed to write entire long Or else we supposed to write entire long sentence. So I don't want to do that. So sentence. So I don't want to do that. So sentence. So I don't want to do that. So import fashion emnest. import fashion emnest. import fashion emnest. Okay. So let me execute this. Okay. So let me execute this. Okay. So let me execute this. It has executed successfully. So now let It has executed successfully. So now let It has executed successfully. So now let us load our data set. So for this it's us load our data set. So for this it's us load our data set. So for this it's going to be fashion emnest going to be fashion emnest going to be fashion emnest dot load. dot load. dot load. Before I load our data set, let me Before I load our data set, let me Before I load our data set, let me quickly show you what this contains. It quickly show you what this contains. It quickly show you what this contains. It has images of 28 chroma 28 size. And has images of 28 chroma 28 size. And has images of 28 chroma 28 size. And then it has this 60,000 images. And the then it has this 60,000 images. And the then it has this 60,000 images. And the different classes that we have over here different classes that we have over here different classes that we have over here is t-shirt, pullover, hoodies. And the is t-shirt, pullover, hoodies. And the is t-shirt, pullover, hoodies. And the labels given to them or I should say key labels given to them or I should say key labels given to them or I should say key value pair of this is nothing but a list value pair of this is nothing but a list value pair of this is nothing but a list from 0 to 9. And what this would return from 0 to 9. And what this would return from 0 to 9. And what this would return us is list of tpples. So which should us is list of tpples. So which should us is list of tpples. So which should contain extra and validation data. So contain extra and validation data. So contain extra and validation data. So let me quickly paste this over here. So now we have loaded our data. Let me So now we have loaded our data. Let me So now we have loaded our data. Let me quickly execute this. Perfect. So we have loaded our data and Perfect. So we have loaded our data and Perfect. So we have loaded our data and whatever it is and now what we're going whatever it is and now what we're going whatever it is and now what we're going to do is we obviously before feeding to do is we obviously before feeding to do is we obviously before feeding this into our deep learning model we this into our deep learning model we this into our deep learning model we obviously have to pre-process our data. obviously have to pre-process our data. obviously have to pre-process our data. So let me give here as pre-processing. To pre-process my data what I'm going to To pre-process my data what I'm going to To pre-process my data what I'm going to do is I'm going to write a function do is I'm going to write a function do is I'm going to write a function here. Let me give the name here itself here. Let me give the name here itself here. Let me give the name here itself as pre-processing. as pre-processing. as pre-processing. This will take up arguments like X and This will take up arguments like X and This will take up arguments like X and Y. Y. Y. And now what x is going to be is nothing And now what x is going to be is nothing And now what x is going to be is nothing but we're going to convert this into but we're going to convert this into but we're going to convert this into tensorflow. So tf dot cast. tensorflow. So tf dot cast. tensorflow. So tf dot cast. So what we want to convert we want to So what we want to convert we want to So what we want to convert we want to convert x obviously and then we want to convert x obviously and then we want to convert x obviously and then we want to convert or upcast this to float. So it's convert or upcast this to float. So it's convert or upcast this to float. So it's going to be tf.flat going to be tf.flat going to be tf.flat 32 bit. And as we all know we want to 32 bit. And as we all know we want to 32 bit. And as we all know we want to normalize our data. So to do that all normalize our data. So to do that all normalize our data. So to do that all I'm going to do is I'm going to divide I'm going to do is I'm going to divide I'm going to do is I'm going to divide it by 255. And similarly what I'm going it by 255. And similarly what I'm going it by 255. And similarly what I'm going to do for y is I'm going to convert this to do for y is I'm going to convert this to do for y is I'm going to convert this into integer. So it will be tf.cast and we want the y value and this I will and we want the y value and this I will and we want the y value and this I will be converting into integer. be converting into integer. be converting into integer. So int 64 So int 64 So int 64 and what this would return over here is and what this would return over here is and what this would return over here is x y. x y. x y. Similarly what I'm going to do is we Similarly what I'm going to do is we Similarly what I'm going to do is we have to like pre-process this even more. have to like pre-process this even more. have to like pre-process this even more. So I'll create one more function def So I'll create one more function def So I'll create one more function def create data set and what this is going to take is excess and what this is going to take is excess and what this is going to take is excess I'll explain you what is excess in a I'll explain you what is excess in a I'll explain you what is excess in a while ys and then number of classes while ys and then number of classes while ys and then number of classes so by default it's going to be 10 so by default it's going to be 10 so by default it's going to be 10 because as you can see we have 10 number because as you can see we have 10 number because as you can see we have 10 number of individual classes and here ys this of individual classes and here ys this of individual classes and here ys this is going to be tf do once so what I'm is going to be tf do once so what I'm is going to be tf do once so what I'm trying to do now here is I'm going to trying to do now here is I'm going to trying to do now here is I'm going to convert my y into a one hot vector so convert my y into a one hot vector so convert my y into a one hot vector so let me convert convert that to one hot let me convert convert that to one hot let me convert convert that to one hot vector. So one hot and obviously I'm vector. So one hot and obviously I'm vector. So one hot and obviously I'm going to pass my y here and the depth. going to pass my y here and the depth. going to pass my y here and the depth. This is nothing but n classes. If you This is nothing but n classes. If you This is nothing but n classes. If you know how one hot vector works, you will know how one hot vector works, you will know how one hot vector works, you will understand why we need the depth. So be understand why we need the depth. So be understand why we need the depth. So be n classes. Perfect. So what this is n classes. Perfect. So what this is n classes. Perfect. So what this is going to return is this is going to going to return is this is going to going to return is this is going to return as a data set. Return tf dot return as a data set. Return tf dot return as a data set. Return tf dot data. So I don't want the entire data to data. So I don't want the entire data to data. So I don't want the entire data to be in the form of an array. I want to be in the form of an array. I want to be in the form of an array. I want to slice it up. So to slice the data what's slice it up. So to slice the data what's slice it up. So to slice the data what's going to happen is data set dot from going to happen is data set dot from going to happen is data set dot from tensor slices and what I'm going to pass tensor slices and what I'm going to pass tensor slices and what I'm going to pass over here is xs comma ys. So let me over here is xs comma ys. So let me over here is xs comma ys. So let me execute this part here. So as I move execute this part here. So as I move execute this part here. So as I move here now what I'm going to do is we'll here now what I'm going to do is we'll here now what I'm going to do is we'll create a training data set here. create a training data set here. create a training data set here. Training data. So training data over Training data. So training data over Training data. So training data over here is going to be a create data set here is going to be a create data set here is going to be a create data set and I'm going to pass here as x test and and I'm going to pass here as x test and and I'm going to pass here as x test and y test. So x train and then we'll have y y test. So x train and then we'll have y y test. So x train and then we'll have y train. Similarly, we want to do it for train. Similarly, we want to do it for train. Similarly, we want to do it for our validation data. So validation data. our validation data. So validation data. our validation data. So validation data. So this is nothing but create data set. So this is nothing but create data set. So this is nothing but create data set. So x val or this is going to be x test So x val or this is going to be x test So x val or this is going to be x test and then y test. So let me execute this. and then y test. So let me execute this. and then y test. So let me execute this. So we are not having any error. So now So we are not having any error. So now So we are not having any error. So now what we going to do is we are going to what we going to do is we are going to what we going to do is we are going to create a model. So we going to use create a model. So we going to use create a model. So we going to use sequential model. So for this all I'm sequential model. So for this all I'm sequential model. So for this all I'm going to do is I'm going to import a kas going to do is I'm going to import a kas going to do is I'm going to import a kas library. So first off let me have from library. So first off let me have from library. So first off let me have from TensorFlow docas dot models import let TensorFlow docas dot models import let TensorFlow docas dot models import let me see what are the models that I need me see what are the models that I need me see what are the models that I need first off as I'm going to use sequential first off as I'm going to use sequential first off as I'm going to use sequential so it's just going to be one so so it's just going to be one so so it's just going to be one so sequential we also need the layers so sequential we also need the layers so sequential we also need the layers so from tensorflow dot karas dot layers so from tensorflow dot karas dot layers so from tensorflow dot karas dot layers so what I'm going to import now is I need a what I'm going to import now is I need a what I'm going to import now is I need a reshape layer and a dense layer so reshape layer and a dense layer so reshape layer and a dense layer so import reshape and then a dense layer so import reshape and then a dense layer so import reshape and then a dense layer so let me execute this now Perfect. So now let me execute this now Perfect. So now let me execute this now Perfect. So now what's going to happen is we're going to what's going to happen is we're going to what's going to happen is we're going to create a model. So it is going to be create a model. So it is going to be create a model. So it is going to be model is equal to kas dose sequential. model is equal to kas dose sequential. model is equal to kas dose sequential. So we have already imported sequential. So we have already imported sequential. So we have already imported sequential. It's going to be sequential. And now we It's going to be sequential. And now we It's going to be sequential. And now we going to add the different list of going to add the different list of going to add the different list of layers. So now we're going to add layers. So now we're going to add layers. So now we're going to add different set of deep neural layers. So different set of deep neural layers. So different set of deep neural layers. So first off we have kas dot reshape. So we first off we have kas dot reshape. So we first off we have kas dot reshape. So we are going to do the reshape here. So the are going to do the reshape here. So the are going to do the reshape here. So the target shape over here is going to be 28 target shape over here is going to be 28 target shape over here is going to be 28 28. So it's not going to be 28 28. It's 28. So it's not going to be 28 28. It's 28. So it's not going to be 28 28. It's 28 * 28. So it's 28 * 28 comma the 28 * 28. So it's 28 * 28 comma the 28 * 28. So it's 28 * 28 comma the whatever the value is there and then the whatever the value is there and then the whatever the value is there and then the input shape over here. So we all know input shape over here. So we all know input shape over here. So we all know that 28 28 is the size of our image. So that 28 28 is the size of our image. So that 28 28 is the size of our image. So it's going to be 28 comma 28 comma it's going to be 28 comma 28 comma it's going to be 28 comma 28 comma whatever the number of images are. So I whatever the number of images are. So I whatever the number of images are. So I would like to give here as one because would like to give here as one because would like to give here as one because we are going to take one image at a we are going to take one image at a we are going to take one image at a time. Finally we are going to add the time. Finally we are going to add the time. Finally we are going to add the layers. So kas dense layers. So it's layers. So kas dense layers. So it's layers. So kas dense layers. So it's going to be dense. So what I'm going to going to be dense. So what I'm going to going to be dense. So what I'm going to do here is units. So number of dense do here is units. So number of dense do here is units. So number of dense layer you want. So let me give here as layer you want. So let me give here as layer you want. So let me give here as 36 an activation. The activation I'm 36 an activation. The activation I'm 36 an activation. The activation I'm going to use is ReLU. Similarly, let's going to use is ReLU. Similarly, let's going to use is ReLU. Similarly, let's create couple more. So all we need to do create couple more. So all we need to do create couple more. So all we need to do is we'll copy this here. is we'll copy this here. is we'll copy this here. And let me just give some increments And let me just give some increments And let me just give some increments here. So instead of 36, let it be 64. here. So instead of 36, let it be 64. here. So instead of 36, let it be 64. And finally we have let's give it here And finally we have let's give it here And finally we have let's give it here as 128. And finally in our output layer as 128. And finally in our output layer as 128. And finally in our output layer we'll have just 10 because we have 10 we'll have just 10 because we have 10 we'll have just 10 because we have 10 number of classes. And the activation number of classes. And the activation number of classes. And the activation that I'm going to use is softmax. So let that I'm going to use is softmax. So let that I'm going to use is softmax. So let me execute this. Fantastic. So we are me execute this. Fantastic. So we are me execute this. Fantastic. So we are not getting any error here. So let me not getting any error here. So let me not getting any error here. So let me also show you model.compile. So model also show you model.compile. So model also show you model.compile. So model dompile. So now what we're going to do is we're So now what we're going to do is we're So now what we're going to do is we're going to see model summary. So it's going to see model summary. So it's going to see model summary. So it's going to be model dots summary. And let going to be model dots summary. And let going to be model dots summary. And let me execute this over here. So here as me execute this over here. So here as me execute this over here. So here as you can see right we have couple of you can see right we have couple of you can see right we have couple of layers. So first off we'll be having 728 layers. So first off we'll be having 728 layers. So first off we'll be having 728 and then 36 64 128 and then finally we and then 36 64 128 and then finally we and then 36 64 128 and then finally we have 10. The reason we have 10 is have 10. The reason we have 10 is have 10. The reason we have 10 is because the total number of classes we because the total number of classes we because the total number of classes we have is 10. So let's now compile our have is 10. So let's now compile our have is 10. So let's now compile our code. code. code. So to do that we'll have model So to do that we'll have model So to do that we'll have model compile. And now what a couple of compile. And now what a couple of compile. And now what a couple of parameters that I would pass here is parameters that I would pass here is parameters that I would pass here is optimizer. optimizer. optimizer. So the optimizer that I'm going to use So the optimizer that I'm going to use So the optimizer that I'm going to use is Adam. And then we obviously have to is Adam. And then we obviously have to is Adam. And then we obviously have to use the loss over here. So loss. use the loss over here. So loss. use the loss over here. So loss. So what I'm going to do is TF dot losses So what I'm going to do is TF dot losses So what I'm going to do is TF dot losses dot categorical cross entropy. So the dot categorical cross entropy. So the dot categorical cross entropy. So the loss I'm using here is categorical cross loss I'm using here is categorical cross loss I'm using here is categorical cross entropy. So this is going to be true. So entropy. So this is going to be true. So entropy. So this is going to be true. So the finally we need to pass the metrics. the finally we need to pass the metrics. the finally we need to pass the metrics. So let's give the metrics here. So the So let's give the metrics here. So the So let's give the metrics here. So the matrix over here we need the accuracy. matrix over here we need the accuracy. matrix over here we need the accuracy. So let me give it as acc. So let me So let me give it as acc. So let me So let me give it as acc. So let me execute this. Now finally what we're execute this. Now finally what we're execute this. Now finally what we're going to do is we're going to train our going to do is we're going to train our going to do is we're going to train our model. So to train our model we use model. So to train our model we use model. So to train our model we use model.fit. But what I'm going to do is model.fit. But what I'm going to do is model.fit. But what I'm going to do is you know this returns us the history. So you know this returns us the history. So you know this returns us the history. So we'll give here his and then we'll do we'll give here his and then we'll do we'll give here his and then we'll do model.fit. So what we're going to do is model.fit. So what we're going to do is model.fit. So what we're going to do is we're going to now pass our data set. We we're going to now pass our data set. We we're going to now pass our data set. We have our training data set. So we'll have our training data set. So we'll have our training data set. So we'll pass that. So let me quickly put this pass that. So let me quickly put this pass that. So let me quickly put this here in place. Let's see what are the here in place. Let's see what are the here in place. Let's see what are the different parameters this take. Let me different parameters this take. Let me different parameters this take. Let me quickly run this again. So this takes a quickly run this again. So this takes a quickly run this again. So this takes a couple of parameters if you want me to couple of parameters if you want me to couple of parameters if you want me to execute this. So as you can see how it execute this. So as you can see how it execute this. So as you can see how it takes X Y and bat size and all. So let takes X Y and bat size and all. So let takes X Y and bat size and all. So let me quickly show you that. So what I'm me quickly show you that. So what I'm me quickly show you that. So what I'm going to do is so this is going to be going to do is so this is going to be going to do is so this is going to be our data set here and then we have to our data set here and then we have to our data set here and then we have to pass the number of epochs. So epoch so pass the number of epochs. So epoch so pass the number of epochs. So epoch so we'll give it as like 10 and then steps we'll give it as like 10 and then steps we'll give it as like 10 and then steps per epoch. So even this we'll give it as per epoch. So even this we'll give it as per epoch. So even this we'll give it as 500 because the data set is pretty huge. 500 because the data set is pretty huge. 500 because the data set is pretty huge. Let me quickly close this here. We Let me quickly close this here. We Let me quickly close this here. We obviously need the validation split. So obviously need the validation split. So obviously need the validation split. So let me give here as validation split 0.2 let me give here as validation split 0.2 let me give here as validation split 0.2 and then finally let me give here as and then finally let me give here as and then finally let me give here as valid. This should be fine. So before we valid. This should be fine. So before we valid. This should be fine. So before we execute there's a small correction that execute there's a small correction that execute there's a small correction that I would like to make. This validation I would like to make. This validation I would like to make. This validation split over here doesn't hold good for split over here doesn't hold good for split over here doesn't hold good for this particular model. Instead of this particular model. Instead of this particular model. Instead of validation split what I'm going to do is validation split what I'm going to do is validation split what I'm going to do is I'm going to pass the validation data I'm going to pass the validation data I'm going to pass the validation data itself. So let me quickly do some itself. So let me quickly do some itself. So let me quickly do some changes over here. So let me bring this changes over here. So let me bring this changes over here. So let me bring this down just to give a better appearance. down just to give a better appearance. down just to give a better appearance. And now what I'm going to do is I'm And now what I'm going to do is I'm And now what I'm going to do is I'm going to pass validation data. going to pass validation data. going to pass validation data. So this will be validation. So this will be validation. So this will be validation. This would be nothing but validator This would be nothing but validator This would be nothing but validator validator dot repeat. validator dot repeat. validator dot repeat. And then finally we also have to give And then finally we also have to give And then finally we also have to give validation steps. So validation. validation steps. So validation. validation steps. So validation. So this would be two. So let me quickly So this would be two. So let me quickly So this would be two. So let me quickly execute this or train our model here. execute this or train our model here. execute this or train our model here. Let's see how it looks like. So let me Let's see how it looks like. So let me Let's see how it looks like. So let me scroll down a bit. So yeah. So as you can see here we have So as you can see here we have So as you can see here we have successfully trained our model and we successfully trained our model and we successfully trained our model and we are getting this validation accuracy are getting this validation accuracy are getting this validation accuracy over here as 86% which is pretty good. over here as 86% which is pretty good. over here as 86% which is pretty good. So now what we're going to do is rather So now what we're going to do is rather So now what we're going to do is rather than performing getting our predictions than performing getting our predictions than performing getting our predictions now let's see how our validation data or now let's see how our validation data or now let's see how our validation data or let's graph these values over here. So let's graph these values over here. So let's graph these values over here. So we'll get this by his do history. we'll get this by his do history. we'll get this by his do history. So let's give a variable here which says So let's give a variable here which says So let's give a variable here which says something like h is equal to history. something like h is equal to history. something like h is equal to history. And now this is nothing but a And now this is nothing but a And now this is nothing but a dictionary. So let's see the key values dictionary. So let's see the key values dictionary. So let's see the key values over here. over here. over here. So we are not getting this key values. So we are not getting this key values. So we are not getting this key values. Let me see what's wrong over here. The Let me see what's wrong over here. The Let me see what's wrong over here. The reason why I'm getting this error is reason why I'm getting this error is reason why I'm getting this error is because it's supposed to be keys and not because it's supposed to be keys and not because it's supposed to be keys and not key. So these are nothing but the key key. So these are nothing but the key key. So these are nothing but the key value pairs. And each of these values is value pairs. And each of these values is value pairs. And each of these values is nothing but this value over here. So let nothing but this value over here. So let nothing but this value over here. So let me put these values in a graph and see me put these values in a graph and see me put these values in a graph and see how it's look like. So first off we have how it's look like. So first off we have how it's look like. So first off we have to import mattplot lib. So import to import mattplot lib. So import to import mattplot lib. So import mattplot li as piplot. I think I've mattplot li as piplot. I think I've mattplot li as piplot. I think I've already imported this but it's okay. So already imported this but it's okay. So already imported this but it's okay. So now what we're going to do is plt.plot now what we're going to do is plt.plot now what we're going to do is plt.plot we'll be plotting the validation data. we'll be plotting the validation data. we'll be plotting the validation data. So validation let's see what is the data So validation let's see what is the data So validation let's see what is the data we have. We'll be passing accuracy and we have. We'll be passing accuracy and we have. We'll be passing accuracy and let me plot this first at the same time. let me plot this first at the same time. let me plot this first at the same time. Now we are going to plot validation Now we are going to plot validation Now we are going to plot validation accuracy. So plt do.plot plot and I'm accuracy. So plt do.plot plot and I'm accuracy. So plt do.plot plot and I'm going to pass here validation accuracy going to pass here validation accuracy going to pass here validation accuracy and finally we'll have plow. and finally we'll have plow. and finally we'll have plow. So let me execute this. So as you can So let me execute this. So as you can So let me execute this. So as you can see here this is at one point where our see here this is at one point where our see here this is at one point where our accuracy has been increased and after accuracy has been increased and after accuracy has been increased and after that you know the accuracy has that you know the accuracy has that you know the accuracy has decreased. The reason why we're getting decreased. The reason why we're getting decreased. The reason why we're getting this graph shows that the model is this graph shows that the model is this graph shows that the model is overfitting and in order to work this overfitting and in order to work this overfitting and in order to work this better what we can do is we can perform better what we can do is we can perform better what we can do is we can perform early stopping. So let's see let's do early stopping. So let's see let's do early stopping. So let's see let's do one thing. Let's train our model only one thing. Let's train our model only one thing. Let's train our model only till the sixth epoch. So let me just till the sixth epoch. So let me just till the sixth epoch. So let me just change from 10 to six. change from 10 to six. change from 10 to six. If you want to execute this in a faster If you want to execute this in a faster If you want to execute this in a faster manner, what you can do is you can just manner, what you can do is you can just manner, what you can do is you can just change your runtime to GPU. What this change your runtime to GPU. What this change your runtime to GPU. What this would do is this would enhance or would do is this would enhance or would do is this would enhance or increase the speed of your every epoch increase the speed of your every epoch increase the speed of your every epoch that's happening here. So as you can see that's happening here. So as you can see that's happening here. So as you can see here, you know, the validation accuracy here, you know, the validation accuracy here, you know, the validation accuracy is decreasing. So this is something very is decreasing. So this is something very is decreasing. So this is something very bad. The reason why we're getting this bad. The reason why we're getting this bad. The reason why we're getting this is because know we're supposed to run is because know we're supposed to run is because know we're supposed to run this from the start. So what I'm going this from the start. So what I'm going this from the start. So what I'm going to do is let me change the runtime first to do is let me change the runtime first to do is let me change the runtime first and I'll change the runtime to GPU and and I'll change the runtime to GPU and and I'll change the runtime to GPU and let me save it. So what this will do is let me save it. So what this will do is let me save it. So what this will do is this will reallocate the memory and this will reallocate the memory and this will reallocate the memory and we'll have to run this from the start. we'll have to run this from the start. we'll have to run this from the start. So let me run this now. So let me run this now. So let me run this now. So for me to run this all I'm going to So for me to run this all I'm going to So for me to run this all I'm going to do is shift enter shift enter. So I'm do is shift enter shift enter. So I'm do is shift enter shift enter. So I'm going to do this for every going to do this for every going to do this for every value here. Finally coming down to fit value here. Finally coming down to fit value here. Finally coming down to fit transform. So this is the place where transform. So this is the place where transform. So this is the place where our model is going to get trained. So as our model is going to get trained. So as our model is going to get trained. So as you can see here now the execution is you can see here now the execution is you can see here now the execution is pretty fast compared to what it was pretty fast compared to what it was pretty fast compared to what it was before. So as you can see here initially before. So as you can see here initially before. So as you can see here initially our validation accuracy was 85% then it our validation accuracy was 85% then it our validation accuracy was 85% then it came down to 82%. And then it was 89% came down to 82%. And then it was 89% came down to 82%. And then it was 89% which is good and then finally it came which is good and then finally it came which is good and then finally it came down to 90 and then 87%. down to 90 and then 87%. down to 90 and then 87%. So what we're going to do is let's hit So what we're going to do is let's hit So what we're going to do is let's hit model history and then we have perform model history and then we have perform model history and then we have perform the same drills and let's execute this. the same drills and let's execute this. the same drills and let's execute this. Before I execute this, let me give you Before I execute this, let me give you Before I execute this, let me give you the reason why we might have got this the reason why we might have got this the reason why we might have got this graph. As I was executing this model graph. As I was executing this model graph. As I was executing this model multiple times, maybe the model might multiple times, maybe the model might multiple times, maybe the model might have overfitted. So now we should get a have overfitted. So now we should get a have overfitted. So now we should get a proper graph. So as you can see here, proper graph. So as you can see here, proper graph. So as you can see here, although there is some overfitting although there is some overfitting although there is some overfitting happening, but we can fix that by having happening, but we can fix that by having happening, but we can fix that by having early stopping technique or something early stopping technique or something early stopping technique or something like that. So but it's okay. Uh this like that. So but it's okay. Uh this like that. So but it's okay. Uh this would work. So now what we're going to would work. So now what we're going to would work. So now what we're going to do is let's perform some prediction. So do is let's perform some prediction. So do is let's perform some prediction. So let's give prediction let's give prediction let's give prediction and then we give model.fit. fit. So and then we give model.fit. fit. So and then we give model.fit. fit. So model do fit. model do fit. model do fit. So here it's going to be model.predict So here it's going to be model.predict So here it's going to be model.predict and we are going to do predict classes and we are going to do predict classes and we are going to do predict classes and then we'll give here validation data and then we'll give here validation data and then we'll give here validation data and let me execute this as of now. So and let me execute this as of now. So and let me execute this as of now. So now what this classes does is we all now what this classes does is we all now what this classes does is we all know we have 10 classes here. It can be know we have 10 classes here. It can be know we have 10 classes here. It can be like shirt, pant or whatever it is. And like shirt, pant or whatever it is. And like shirt, pant or whatever it is. And this is what it's supposed to do. And this is what it's supposed to do. And this is what it's supposed to do. And let's see how prediction would look let's see how prediction would look let's see how prediction would look like. So prediction and let me execute like. So prediction and let me execute like. So prediction and let me execute this. So basically this is nothing but a this. So basically this is nothing but a this. So basically this is nothing but a numpy array. And now what I'm going to numpy array. And now what I'm going to numpy array. And now what I'm going to do is so what we'll do is we'll take up do is so what we'll do is we'll take up do is so what we'll do is we'll take up some values here. We'll take up the some values here. We'll take up the some values here. We'll take up the values from prediction and the values values from prediction and the values values from prediction and the values from x train x test and let's see from x train x test and let's see from x train x test and let's see whether we are getting a correct values whether we are getting a correct values whether we are getting a correct values or not. So let me quickly go there. So or not. So let me quickly go there. So or not. So let me quickly go there. So we'll have prediction. So we have we'll have prediction. So we have we'll have prediction. So we have predictions. So if I execute this as you predictions. So if I execute this as you predictions. So if I execute this as you can see we get this numpy array. Let me can see we get this numpy array. Let me can see we get this numpy array. Let me quickly take the random value here. quickly take the random value here. quickly take the random value here. Let's say something like 100. So the Let's say something like 100. So the Let's say something like 100. So the value of the class over here is two. value of the class over here is two. value of the class over here is two. Let's do one thing you know let's create Let's do one thing you know let's create Let's do one thing you know let's create a dictionary or something or what we can a dictionary or something or what we can a dictionary or something or what we can do over here is we can see what is do over here is we can see what is do over here is we can see what is present in this data. So fashion mnest present in this data. So fashion mnest present in this data. So fashion mnest anyways. So what I can do here is so I anyways. So what I can do here is so I anyways. So what I can do here is so I have prediction over here and this is have prediction over here and this is have prediction over here and this is giving the class two. So let's see what giving the class two. So let's see what giving the class two. So let's see what does our x test does. It's going to be y does our x test does. It's going to be y does our x test does. It's going to be y test. So we have y test and let's see test. So we have y test and let's see test. So we have y test and let's see what does y test give us. So we have what does y test give us. So we have what does y test give us. So we have 100. It should predict the same class. 100. It should predict the same class. 100. It should predict the same class. And as you can see it's predicting the And as you can see it's predicting the And as you can see it's predicting the same class. So let's go down. Let's take same class. So let's go down. Let's take same class. So let's go down. Let's take some random number again like th00and. some random number again like th00and. some random number again like th00and. So it should predict as the same class. So it should predict as the same class. So it should predict as the same class. So it's giving us two. And now if I put So it's giving us two. And now if I put So it's giving us two. And now if I put down something like 500. down something like 500. down something like 500. So here now 500 should also give us So here now 500 should also give us So here now 500 should also give us five. So as you can see here now our five. So as you can see here now our five. So as you can see here now our model is performing fairly well. This is model is performing fairly well. This is model is performing fairly well. This is because you know we have trained this because you know we have trained this because you know we have trained this using deep learning. And when we train using deep learning. And when we train using deep learning. And when we train model during deep learning it tries to model during deep learning it tries to model during deep learning it tries to extract more features than what it would extract more features than what it would extract more features than what it would normally do. Now that we saw how normally do. Now that we saw how normally do. Now that we saw how TensorFlow can be used in deep learning, TensorFlow can be used in deep learning, TensorFlow can be used in deep learning, let's see it practical implementation let's see it practical implementation let's see it practical implementation and how it is being implemented by big and how it is being implemented by big and how it is being implemented by big tech companies. First off, we have voice tech companies. First off, we have voice tech companies. First off, we have voice or sound recognition. One of the most or sound recognition. One of the most or sound recognition. One of the most popular well-known use case of popular well-known use case of popular well-known use case of TensorFlow is soundbased application. TensorFlow is soundbased application. TensorFlow is soundbased application. With a proper data feed, neural networks With a proper data feed, neural networks With a proper data feed, neural networks are capable of understanding audio are capable of understanding audio are capable of understanding audio signals and they perform tasks like signals and they perform tasks like signals and they perform tasks like voice recognition, voice search, voice recognition, voice search, voice recognition, voice search, sentiment analysis, voice activated sentiment analysis, voice activated sentiment analysis, voice activated assistance. These are used in products assistance. These are used in products assistance. These are used in products like Apple Siri, Google's Android like Apple Siri, Google's Android like Apple Siri, Google's Android assistant and Microsoft Cortana. Further assistant and Microsoft Cortana. Further assistant and Microsoft Cortana. Further popular use case of TensorFlow is popular use case of TensorFlow is popular use case of TensorFlow is textbased applications such as sentiment textbased applications such as sentiment textbased applications such as sentiment analysis, thread detection and fraud analysis, thread detection and fraud analysis, thread detection and fraud detection. Language detection is one of detection. Language detection is one of detection. Language detection is one of the most popular uses of textbased the most popular uses of textbased the most popular uses of textbased application. We all know Google application. We all know Google application. We all know Google translate which supports over 100 translate which supports over 100 translate which supports over 100 language translating it from one to language translating it from one to language translating it from one to other. The evolved version can be used other. The evolved version can be used other. The evolved version can be used in many cases. Next we have text in many cases. Next we have text in many cases. Next we have text summarization. You see Google also found summarization. You see Google also found summarization. You see Google also found one of the use case for short text. one of the use case for short text. one of the use case for short text. Summarization can be used to learn with Summarization can be used to learn with Summarization can be used to learn with technique called as sequencetosequence technique called as sequencetosequence technique called as sequencetosequence learning. This can be used to produce learning. This can be used to produce learning. This can be used to produce headlines for news articles. Moving headlines for news articles. Moving headlines for news articles. Moving ahead to image recognition. This is ahead to image recognition. This is ahead to image recognition. This is mostly used by social media, telecom and mostly used by social media, telecom and mostly used by social media, telecom and hatset manufacturers. Face recognition, hatset manufacturers. Face recognition, hatset manufacturers. Face recognition, image search, motion detection, machine image search, motion detection, machine image search, motion detection, machine vision and photo clustering can also be vision and photo clustering can also be vision and photo clustering can also be used in automation, aviation and used in automation, aviation and used in automation, aviation and healthcare industry. Image recognition healthcare industry. Image recognition healthcare industry. Image recognition aims to recognize and identify people aims to recognize and identify people aims to recognize and identify people and objects in images as well as and objects in images as well as and objects in images as well as understanding the content and context. understanding the content and context. understanding the content and context. TensorFlow object recognition algorithm TensorFlow object recognition algorithm TensorFlow object recognition algorithm classifies and identify arbitrary classifies and identify arbitrary classifies and identify arbitrary objects within larger images. This is objects within larger images. This is objects within larger images. This is usually used in engineering application usually used in engineering application usually used in engineering application to identify shapes for modeling purposes to identify shapes for modeling purposes to identify shapes for modeling purposes and by social network for photo tagging and by social network for photo tagging and by social network for photo tagging app. Last but not least we have time app. Last but not least we have time app. Last but not least we have time series. TensorFlow time series algorithm series. TensorFlow time series algorithm series. TensorFlow time series algorithm are used for analyzing time series data are used for analyzing time series data are used for analyzing time series data in order to extract meaningful in order to extract meaningful in order to extract meaningful statistics. They allow forecasting statistics. They allow forecasting statistics. They allow forecasting non-specific time periods in addition to non-specific time periods in addition to non-specific time periods in addition to generating alternative version of time generating alternative version of time generating alternative version of time series. The most common use of time series. The most common use of time series. The most common use of time series is recommendation engine. You series is recommendation engine. You series is recommendation engine. You have probably heard of this use in have probably heard of this use in have probably heard of this use in Amazon, Google, Facebook and Netflix Amazon, Google, Facebook and Netflix Amazon, Google, Facebook and Netflix where they analyze customer activity and where they analyze customer activity and where they analyze customer activity and compare it to millions of other users to compare it to millions of other users to compare it to millions of other users to determine whether a customer might like determine whether a customer might like determine whether a customer might like a purchase or watch something. This a purchase or watch something. This a purchase or watch something. This recommendations are getting smarter recommendations are getting smarter recommendations are getting smarter every year. The other use of TensorFlow every year. The other use of TensorFlow every year. The other use of TensorFlow time series algorithm is mainly in the time series algorithm is mainly in the time series algorithm is mainly in the field of interest to finance, field of interest to finance, field of interest to finance, accounting, government, security, IoT accounting, government, security, IoT accounting, government, security, IoT with risk detection and then finally we with risk detection and then finally we with risk detection and then finally we have enterprise and resource planning. Let us now understand what is natural Let us now understand what is natural Let us now understand what is natural language processing and why do we even language processing and why do we even language processing and why do we even need it. You see natural language refers need it. You see natural language refers need it. You see natural language refers to the speech analysis in both audible to the speech analysis in both audible to the speech analysis in both audible data as well as a text document. NLP data as well as a text document. NLP data as well as a text document. NLP system can capture meaning from an input system can capture meaning from an input system can capture meaning from an input such as sentences, paragraph, pages and such as sentences, paragraph, pages and such as sentences, paragraph, pages and give out a desired output based on our give out a desired output based on our give out a desired output based on our application. So why do we need NLP? You application. So why do we need NLP? You application. So why do we need NLP? You see, natural language processing helps see, natural language processing helps see, natural language processing helps computer communicate with humans in computer communicate with humans in computer communicate with humans in their own language and scale other their own language and scale other their own language and scale other language related task. For example, NLP language related task. For example, NLP language related task. For example, NLP makes it possible for computers to read makes it possible for computers to read makes it possible for computers to read text, hear speeches, interpret it, text, hear speeches, interpret it, text, hear speeches, interpret it, measure the sentiment and then determine measure the sentiment and then determine measure the sentiment and then determine which part of it are important. Today's which part of it are important. Today's which part of it are important. Today's machines can analyze more language based machines can analyze more language based machines can analyze more language based data than humans. That too with data than humans. That too with data than humans. That too with consistency, accuracy and in an unbiased consistency, accuracy and in an unbiased consistency, accuracy and in an unbiased manner. More or less we all know that manner. More or less we all know that manner. More or less we all know that there is a staggering amount of there is a staggering amount of there is a staggering amount of unstructured data that is generated unstructured data that is generated unstructured data that is generated every day. Be it from a medical record every day. Be it from a medical record every day. Be it from a medical record or to a social media. Automating NLP or to a social media. Automating NLP or to a social media. Automating NLP task will critically be helpful in task will critically be helpful in task will critically be helpful in future for analyzing text and speech future for analyzing text and speech future for analyzing text and speech data efficiently. So moving ahead, let data efficiently. So moving ahead, let data efficiently. So moving ahead, let us now see the ways we can process our us now see the ways we can process our us now see the ways we can process our textual data. We can process our textual textual data. We can process our textual textual data. We can process our textual data in one of two ways. One is a data in one of two ways. One is a data in one of two ways. One is a machine learning way and other one is a machine learning way and other one is a machine learning way and other one is a deep learning method. In machine deep learning method. In machine deep learning method. In machine learning, we can make use of algorithms learning, we can make use of algorithms learning, we can make use of algorithms such as bag of words, TF to classify and such as bag of words, TF to classify and such as bag of words, TF to classify and predict a desired output. But the predict a desired output. But the predict a desired output. But the drawback of this is that these machine drawback of this is that these machine drawback of this is that these machine learning algorithms do not consider the learning algorithms do not consider the learning algorithms do not consider the context of the word or a sequence. Here context of the word or a sequence. Here context of the word or a sequence. Here the way it works is on the based on the way it works is on the based on the way it works is on the based on number of times the word is repeating a number of times the word is repeating a number of times the word is repeating a probability is derived out of it and probability is derived out of it and probability is derived out of it and then performs a classification task. then performs a classification task. then performs a classification task. This is the reason why we have deep This is the reason why we have deep This is the reason why we have deep learning model for NLP tasks. Speaking learning model for NLP tasks. Speaking learning model for NLP tasks. Speaking about deep learning model, we have about deep learning model, we have about deep learning model, we have something like recurrent neural network, something like recurrent neural network, something like recurrent neural network, LSTM, transformer network, Google's bird LSTM, transformer network, Google's bird LSTM, transformer network, Google's bird algorithm and many more. This deep algorithm and many more. This deep algorithm and many more. This deep learning model learns the pattern of a learning model learns the pattern of a learning model learns the pattern of a word or a sequence and then tries to word or a sequence and then tries to word or a sequence and then tries to predict the desired outcome of the task. predict the desired outcome of the task. predict the desired outcome of the task. We can perform NLP using deep learning We can perform NLP using deep learning We can perform NLP using deep learning in one of two ways. One by pre-trained in one of two ways. One by pre-trained in one of two ways. One by pre-trained models such as Google's word toe or models such as Google's word toe or models such as Google's word toe or global vector models and the other way global vector models and the other way global vector models and the other way is to train our own model. If you're is to train our own model. If you're is to train our own model. If you're trying to train our own model, it would trying to train our own model, it would trying to train our own model, it would require a very huge amount of data and require a very huge amount of data and require a very huge amount of data and also compute power to support it. In also compute power to support it. In also compute power to support it. In most of the cases, we'll be using most of the cases, we'll be using most of the cases, we'll be using pre-trained models. Moving ahead, let us pre-trained models. Moving ahead, let us pre-trained models. Moving ahead, let us now discuss recurrent neural networks. now discuss recurrent neural networks. now discuss recurrent neural networks. As I mentioned earlier, the bag of word As I mentioned earlier, the bag of word As I mentioned earlier, the bag of word or TF IF model for processing our text or TF IF model for processing our text or TF IF model for processing our text is very inefficient. As I've mentioned is very inefficient. As I've mentioned is very inefficient. As I've mentioned earlier, the bag of word or TF model earlier, the bag of word or TF model earlier, the bag of word or TF model that was used in machine learning to that was used in machine learning to that was used in machine learning to process our textual data is very process our textual data is very process our textual data is very inefficient as it takes one word at a inefficient as it takes one word at a inefficient as it takes one word at a time and also the context of the word in time and also the context of the word in time and also the context of the word in which it is being spoken about is which it is being spoken about is which it is being spoken about is totally ignored. Although this would totally ignored. Although this would totally ignored. Although this would give us some prediction but we can give us some prediction but we can give us some prediction but we can expect lot of loss. This is why we use expect lot of loss. This is why we use expect lot of loss. This is why we use RNN model or recurrent neural network. RNN model or recurrent neural network. RNN model or recurrent neural network. Here it requires a sequential data. Now Here it requires a sequential data. Now Here it requires a sequential data. Now you might be wondering what does the you might be wondering what does the you might be wondering what does the sequential data mean? Right? In simple sequential data mean? Right? In simple sequential data mean? Right? In simple words, sequential data is dependent on words, sequential data is dependent on words, sequential data is dependent on the past values. What I'm trying to say the past values. What I'm trying to say the past values. What I'm trying to say here is that we can read our document, here is that we can read our document, here is that we can read our document, right? We can read our document or right? We can read our document or right? We can read our document or English documents only from left to English documents only from left to English documents only from left to right side or take example of stock right side or take example of stock right side or take example of stock price prediction. We cannot randomly price prediction. We cannot randomly price prediction. We cannot randomly place the dates, right? If you have to place the dates, right? If you have to place the dates, right? If you have to make a prediction for next 2 3 months, make a prediction for next 2 3 months, make a prediction for next 2 3 months, we'll obviously refer to the data that we'll obviously refer to the data that we'll obviously refer to the data that was previously recorded. So this is what was previously recorded. So this is what was previously recorded. So this is what a sequential data means. So what makes a sequential data means. So what makes a sequential data means. So what makes RNN capable of handling sequential data? RNN capable of handling sequential data? RNN capable of handling sequential data? Well, you see RNN model makes use of Well, you see RNN model makes use of Well, you see RNN model makes use of something called a state. This is something called a state. This is something called a state. This is nothing but a temporary memory that nothing but a temporary memory that nothing but a temporary memory that stores the previous data. As you can see stores the previous data. As you can see stores the previous data. As you can see here in an image, this is the general here in an image, this is the general here in an image, this is the general architecture of a recurrent neural architecture of a recurrent neural architecture of a recurrent neural network. So, let me now move to my network. So, let me now move to my network. So, let me now move to my canvas and show you how recurrent neural canvas and show you how recurrent neural canvas and show you how recurrent neural network works and what are its internal network works and what are its internal network works and what are its internal workings. All right. So, as we have seen workings. All right. So, as we have seen workings. All right. So, as we have seen in an image right back in our slide, you in an image right back in our slide, you in an image right back in our slide, you saw that you know recurrent neural saw that you know recurrent neural saw that you know recurrent neural network have something called as states network have something called as states network have something called as states and then we also had some boxes right. and then we also had some boxes right. and then we also had some boxes right. So what does this boxes represents? So So what does this boxes represents? So So what does this boxes represents? So let me quickly draw over here and show let me quickly draw over here and show let me quickly draw over here and show you what does this box represents. So if you what does this box represents. So if you what does this box represents. So if you remember right it goes something you remember right it goes something you remember right it goes something like we have a box here. Okay. And then like we have a box here. Okay. And then like we have a box here. Okay. And then we also had another box and then let's we also had another box and then let's we also had another box and then let's consider like two more boxes that would consider like two more boxes that would consider like two more boxes that would be sufficient. Okay. And then the way we be sufficient. Okay. And then the way we be sufficient. Okay. And then the way we provide input for our recurrent neural provide input for our recurrent neural provide input for our recurrent neural network is over here. Okay. Now based on network is over here. Okay. Now based on network is over here. Okay. Now based on our application we can demand our our application we can demand our our application we can demand our recurrent neural network to provide recurrent neural network to provide recurrent neural network to provide output in either one of three ways. It output in either one of three ways. It output in either one of three ways. It can either be like we can have multiple can either be like we can have multiple can either be like we can have multiple inputs as you can see here or we can inputs as you can see here or we can inputs as you can see here or we can have single input and multiple outputs have single input and multiple outputs have single input and multiple outputs or the other way around is we can have or the other way around is we can have or the other way around is we can have single input and single output. So here single input and single output. So here single input and single output. So here what we'll consider is we are using what we'll consider is we are using what we'll consider is we are using multiple inputs and also we have multiple inputs and also we have multiple inputs and also we have multiple outputs. Okay. So now let us multiple outputs. Okay. So now let us multiple outputs. Okay. So now let us see as this is a supervised learning see as this is a supervised learning see as this is a supervised learning model right obviously it'll have some model right obviously it'll have some model right obviously it'll have some kind of input and then it will also have kind of input and then it will also have kind of input and then it will also have labels to clarify the data. So let's labels to clarify the data. So let's labels to clarify the data. So let's take something like if this is our X take something like if this is our X take something like if this is our X data right so if this is X data so let's data right so if this is X data so let's data right so if this is X data so let's take this as a list and then over here take this as a list and then over here take this as a list and then over here we'll have data which would represent we'll have data which would represent we'll have data which would represent something like X1 then we'll have X2 something like X1 then we'll have X2 something like X1 then we'll have X2 then we'll have X3 and then so on and then we'll have X3 and then so on and then we'll have X3 and then so on and we'll have something like XN okay so we'll have something like XN okay so we'll have something like XN okay so what does this X over here represents what does this X over here represents what does this X over here represents see here let's take an example that Uri see here let's take an example that Uri see here let's take an example that Uri which was a movie is a good movie we can which was a movie is a good movie we can which was a movie is a good movie we can have couple more X's and we'll just put have couple more X's and we'll just put have couple more X's and we'll just put here as good Okay. So this is nothing but the inputs Okay. So this is nothing but the inputs Okay. So this is nothing but the inputs each of these words. Now what our model each of these words. Now what our model each of these words. Now what our model over here does let's take an example over here does let's take an example over here does let's take an example that we are trying to find name entity that we are trying to find name entity that we are trying to find name entity prediction which stands for neer right. prediction which stands for neer right. prediction which stands for neer right. So what this name entity prediction does So what this name entity prediction does So what this name entity prediction does is you know trains the model in such a is you know trains the model in such a is you know trains the model in such a manner that it finds a pattern. So as manner that it finds a pattern. So as manner that it finds a pattern. So as you can see here we this is urri right you can see here we this is urri right you can see here we this is urri right uri it's it's something like a name uri it's it's something like a name uri it's it's something like a name right so this this goes as one and is is right so this this goes as one and is is right so this this goes as one and is is not a name so this would be zero good is not a name so this would be zero good is not a name so this would be zero good is this is also not a name and movie is this is also not a name and movie is this is also not a name and movie is also not a name so the output over here also not a name so the output over here also not a name so the output over here would be something like 1 0 0 0 all would be something like 1 0 0 0 all would be something like 1 0 0 0 all right so now let's see what are the right so now let's see what are the right so now let's see what are the inputs and how it would look like so inputs and how it would look like so inputs and how it would look like so first off we have inputs so if this is first off we have inputs so if this is first off we have inputs so if this is our x data so we'll have inputs our x data so we'll have inputs our x data so we'll have inputs something like x i this would be in something like x i this would be in something like x i this would be in lower case okay so this would be x1 1 lower case okay so this would be x1 1 lower case okay so this would be x1 1 then we'll have x2 we'll have x3 and then we'll have x2 we'll have x3 and then we'll have x2 we'll have x3 and then we'll have x4. Similarly the y the then we'll have x4. Similarly the y the then we'll have x4. Similarly the y the output over here would be something like output over here would be something like output over here would be something like we'll give a yhat of 1 yhat of two yhat we'll give a yhat of 1 yhat of two yhat we'll give a yhat of 1 yhat of two yhat of three at the same time we'll also of three at the same time we'll also of three at the same time we'll also have yhat of four. Now if you're have yhat of four. Now if you're have yhat of four. Now if you're wondering what does this yhat wondering what does this yhat wondering what does this yhat represents? Yhat over here is nothing represents? Yhat over here is nothing represents? Yhat over here is nothing but predicted values but predicted values but predicted values and Y is nothing but you know the and Y is nothing but you know the and Y is nothing but you know the labeled value or trained values. And now as we all know that the main And now as we all know that the main And now as we all know that the main thing or the main feature behind thing or the main feature behind thing or the main feature behind recurrent neural network is nothing but recurrent neural network is nothing but recurrent neural network is nothing but the states and the way the states are the states and the way the states are the states and the way the states are represent by using the state vector or represent by using the state vector or represent by using the state vector or it can also be called as context vector. it can also be called as context vector. it can also be called as context vector. So the state vector over here starts So the state vector over here starts So the state vector over here starts with a let me give it as a different with a let me give it as a different with a let me give it as a different color here. Let me give it as blue. So color here. Let me give it as blue. So color here. Let me give it as blue. So here we'll have a and this would be here we'll have a and this would be here we'll have a and this would be zero. Okay. And now this a would be zero. Okay. And now this a would be zero. Okay. And now this a would be passed down to this. Okay. So this would passed down to this. Okay. So this would passed down to this. Okay. So this would be a of 1 and over here we'll have a of be a of 1 and over here we'll have a of be a of 1 and over here we'll have a of 2, a of three and then finally a of 2, a of three and then finally a of 2, a of three and then finally a of four. I'm pretty sure you might be four. I'm pretty sure you might be four. I'm pretty sure you might be wondering what does this a contains wondering what does this a contains wondering what does this a contains right? So over here as I have mentioned right? So over here as I have mentioned right? So over here as I have mentioned let me take this very example. So here let me take this very example. So here let me take this very example. So here uri is good movie. Okay. And so what uri is good movie. Okay. And so what uri is good movie. Okay. And so what this a1 will contain? A1 will contain this a1 will contain? A1 will contain this a1 will contain? A1 will contain URI. See if we take the normal URI. See if we take the normal URI. See if we take the normal algorithm, what's going to happen is it algorithm, what's going to happen is it algorithm, what's going to happen is it will just consider only this one will just consider only this one will just consider only this one particular block. Okay, if this was just particular block. Okay, if this was just particular block. Okay, if this was just a normal algorithm or something which is a normal algorithm or something which is a normal algorithm or something which is used in the olden days, it will just used in the olden days, it will just used in the olden days, it will just consider this particular block and it consider this particular block and it consider this particular block and it won't be considering the previous won't be considering the previous won't be considering the previous values. So this previous value is being values. So this previous value is being values. So this previous value is being stored over here in the form of a stored over here in the form of a stored over here in the form of a memory. So now a1 will contain uri and memory. So now a1 will contain uri and memory. So now a1 will contain uri and what a2 will contain over here. So a2 what a2 will contain over here. So a2 what a2 will contain over here. So a2 will be having something like uri is and will be having something like uri is and will be having something like uri is and similarly as it goes through here it similarly as it goes through here it similarly as it goes through here it will collect each and every word and will collect each and every word and will collect each and every word and finally a4 will be complete context finally a4 will be complete context finally a4 will be complete context vector. So it will have the entire vector. So it will have the entire vector. So it will have the entire sentence uri is a good movie. Okay I hope you understood what does Okay I hope you understood what does Okay I hope you understood what does this a signifies over here. Let me this a signifies over here. Let me this a signifies over here. Let me quickly erase all of these. Okay. So the quickly erase all of these. Okay. So the quickly erase all of these. Okay. So the another important part which goes over another important part which goes over another important part which goes over here in any machine learning or deep here in any machine learning or deep here in any machine learning or deep learning model is nothing but the learning model is nothing but the learning model is nothing but the weights. So let's consider that we have weights. So let's consider that we have weights. So let's consider that we have weights which is nothing but W or let's weights which is nothing but W or let's weights which is nothing but W or let's take it as U. Let me give another color take it as U. Let me give another color take it as U. Let me give another color here. U V and W in this RNN model. here. U V and W in this RNN model. here. U V and W in this RNN model. Right? What we're going to do is we're Right? What we're going to do is we're Right? What we're going to do is we're going to have a single or we'll have going to have a single or we'll have going to have a single or we'll have just only one weights right. So the U just only one weights right. So the U just only one weights right. So the U weight is same for all of these inputs weight is same for all of these inputs weight is same for all of these inputs here. V weight over here is same for all here. V weight over here is same for all here. V weight over here is same for all the outputs. The weight W is same for the outputs. The weight W is same for the outputs. The weight W is same for all our state matrix. Okay. So this is all our state matrix. Okay. So this is all our state matrix. Okay. So this is how the weights are determined. So now how the weights are determined. So now how the weights are determined. So now to get a better understanding of what's to get a better understanding of what's to get a better understanding of what's happening over here and to derive a happening over here and to derive a happening over here and to derive a mathematical equation for feed forward mathematical equation for feed forward mathematical equation for feed forward network. Let's take a single block over network. Let's take a single block over network. Let's take a single block over here and let's see how this internal here and let's see how this internal here and let's see how this internal working of this is working. Okay. So working of this is working. Okay. So working of this is working. Okay. So over here we'll have a box. Okay. And over here we'll have a box. Okay. And over here we'll have a box. Okay. And this will be our input. So let's give this will be our input. So let's give this will be our input. So let's give our input as x of t because this is a our input as x of t because this is a our input as x of t because this is a generalized model. Right? And now what generalized model. Right? And now what generalized model. Right? And now what we're going to do over here is this we're going to do over here is this we're going to do over here is this would be a of t minus one. That's would be a of t minus one. That's would be a of t minus one. That's because a of t will be present over because a of t will be present over because a of t will be present over here. And now if we have an output which here. And now if we have an output which here. And now if we have an output which is present over here and this would be is present over here and this would be is present over here and this would be nothing but yhat of t. All right. So as nothing but yhat of t. All right. So as nothing but yhat of t. All right. So as I mentioned earlier that we will be I mentioned earlier that we will be I mentioned earlier that we will be having weights. So the weights over here having weights. So the weights over here having weights. So the weights over here is nothing but u v and w. So what's is nothing but u v and w. So what's is nothing but u v and w. So what's happening over here? Okay. So first off happening over here? Okay. So first off happening over here? Okay. So first off there will be a matrix multiplication there will be a matrix multiplication there will be a matrix multiplication between these two values. Okay. Another between these two values. Okay. Another between these two values. Okay. Another there will be a matrix multiplication there will be a matrix multiplication there will be a matrix multiplication between these two values. And once they between these two values. And once they between these two values. And once they are done, we'll add these two values and are done, we'll add these two values and are done, we'll add these two values and then give a activation function to it. then give a activation function to it. then give a activation function to it. Okay. And the activation function that Okay. And the activation function that Okay. And the activation function that would be used over here is tanh. So if I would be used over here is tanh. So if I would be used over here is tanh. So if I have to put it in an equation form over have to put it in an equation form over have to put it in an equation form over here. So the product of these two x of t here. So the product of these two x of t here. So the product of these two x of t times or it will be a dotproduct of u. times or it will be a dotproduct of u. times or it will be a dotproduct of u. Okay. And the sum of these two. So it Okay. And the sum of these two. So it Okay. And the sum of these two. So it will be tus1 * w. And now what we're will be tus1 * w. And now what we're will be tus1 * w. And now what we're going to do is we're going to pass an going to do is we're going to pass an going to do is we're going to pass an activation function which is nothing but activation function which is nothing but activation function which is nothing but tanh over here. So let's just give a tanh over here. So let's just give a tanh over here. So let's just give a small dotted notation over here. So small dotted notation over here. So small dotted notation over here. So whatever the output which comes we'll be whatever the output which comes we'll be whatever the output which comes we'll be performing an addition of these two and performing an addition of these two and performing an addition of these two and also give an activation function which also give an activation function which also give an activation function which we'll represent here by f. All right. So we'll represent here by f. All right. So we'll represent here by f. All right. So this is how we get an activation this is how we get an activation this is how we get an activation function over here. So what does this function over here. So what does this function over here. So what does this value signifies this? This is nothing value signifies this? This is nothing value signifies this? This is nothing but this output over here a of t. So I but this output over here a of t. So I but this output over here a of t. So I hope you understand what is a of t. A of hope you understand what is a of t. A of hope you understand what is a of t. A of t is this value. Okay let me quickly t is this value. Okay let me quickly t is this value. Okay let me quickly highlight that for you. So a of t is highlight that for you. So a of t is highlight that for you. So a of t is this value. Okay. So a of t is this value. Okay. So a of t is this value. Okay. So a of t is represented over here. And the way we represented over here. And the way we represented over here. And the way we get this is by this particular equation. get this is by this particular equation. get this is by this particular equation. Now what about the value for yhat of t Now what about the value for yhat of t Now what about the value for yhat of t or the prediction of y of t. So for y of or the prediction of y of t. So for y of or the prediction of y of t. So for y of t it's going to be something like this. t it's going to be something like this. t it's going to be something like this. So y hat of t this would be nothing but So y hat of t this would be nothing but So y hat of t this would be nothing but we have to multiply this particular a of we have to multiply this particular a of we have to multiply this particular a of t with this matrix over here. Okay or t with this matrix over here. Okay or t with this matrix over here. Okay or the weights I can say. So it's going to the weights I can say. So it's going to the weights I can say. So it's going to be nothing but a of t * the weight be nothing but a of t * the weight be nothing but a of t * the weight matrix that is v. And then we have to matrix that is v. And then we have to matrix that is v. And then we have to pass activation function. Usually the pass activation function. Usually the pass activation function. Usually the activation function that is going to be activation function that is going to be activation function that is going to be used over here is softmax or sigmoid. It used over here is softmax or sigmoid. It used over here is softmax or sigmoid. It totally depends upon the what kind of totally depends upon the what kind of totally depends upon the what kind of output you're expecting. All right. And output you're expecting. All right. And output you're expecting. All right. And this is how it works. And now an this is how it works. And now an this is how it works. And now an important thing that I would like to important thing that I would like to important thing that I would like to mention over here is that we also have mention over here is that we also have mention over here is that we also have to add something called as bias. So it to add something called as bias. So it to add something called as bias. So it will be be over here. I'll just will be be over here. I'll just will be be over here. I'll just represented this by a different color. represented this by a different color. represented this by a different color. So this is an equation for a recurrent So this is an equation for a recurrent So this is an equation for a recurrent neural network in a mathematical form. neural network in a mathematical form. neural network in a mathematical form. So now what's going to happen is in So now what's going to happen is in So now what's going to happen is in order to find a loss, right? We have to order to find a loss, right? We have to order to find a loss, right? We have to subtract whatever value we have subtract whatever value we have subtract whatever value we have predicted with the given value. So the predicted with the given value. So the predicted with the given value. So the predicted value over here, let's say predicted value over here, let's say predicted value over here, let's say this is as capital Y. Okay. And we also this is as capital Y. Okay. And we also this is as capital Y. Okay. And we also have been given the trained value. So have been given the trained value. So have been given the trained value. So this would be looking something like this would be looking something like this would be looking something like this. So we'll obviously have the this. So we'll obviously have the this. So we'll obviously have the trained values. trained values. trained values. Let's just give a random output. But Let's just give a random output. But Let's just give a random output. But there will be four. So be 0 1 0 1. Okay. there will be four. So be 0 1 0 1. Okay. there will be four. So be 0 1 0 1. Okay. So this is nothing but the trained So this is nothing but the trained So this is nothing but the trained values. And now we'll have the other. values. And now we'll have the other. values. And now we'll have the other. This is nothing but the given label This is nothing but the given label This is nothing but the given label data. So this would be correct values. data. So this would be correct values. data. So this would be correct values. So 1 0 0 1 as this is a supervised So 1 0 0 1 as this is a supervised So 1 0 0 1 as this is a supervised learning. So we obviously will be given learning. So we obviously will be given learning. So we obviously will be given this label data over here. So now what this label data over here. So now what this label data over here. So now what this will do is this will subtract each this will do is this will subtract each this will do is this will subtract each of these values and calculate a loss. So of these values and calculate a loss. So of these values and calculate a loss. So how do we calculate a loss right? Okay. how do we calculate a loss right? Okay. how do we calculate a loss right? Okay. So as you can see here if I give this L So as you can see here if I give this L So as you can see here if I give this L like let me change a color here. So if I like let me change a color here. So if I like let me change a color here. So if I say L is in loss. So this would be say L is in loss. So this would be say L is in loss. So this would be nothing but Yhat of first value minus nothing but Yhat of first value minus nothing but Yhat of first value minus the actual value. Okay. So this is the actual value. Okay. So this is the actual value. Okay. So this is nothing but the predicted value and this nothing but the predicted value and this nothing but the predicted value and this is nothing but the given value. So if I is nothing but the given value. So if I is nothing but the given value. So if I try to find out the loss of this then try to find out the loss of this then try to find out the loss of this then what this would look like is this is what this would look like is this is what this would look like is this is just for the one value right. So if I just for the one value right. So if I just for the one value right. So if I have to do it for all the values then it have to do it for all the values then it have to do it for all the values then it would be the summation. So it would be would be the summation. So it would be would be the summation. So it would be nothing but loss is equal to summation i nothing but loss is equal to summation i nothing but loss is equal to summation i which ranges from 1 to n right and then which ranges from 1 to n right and then which ranges from 1 to n right and then we'll have loss and then theta i. Okay. we'll have loss and then theta i. Okay. we'll have loss and then theta i. Okay. So this li over here represents these So this li over here represents these So this li over here represents these values. Okay. So this is just for one. values. Okay. So this is just for one. values. Okay. So this is just for one. So if you want me to explain you this in So if you want me to explain you this in So if you want me to explain you this in detail. So over here we have y1, y2, y3 detail. So over here we have y1, y2, y3 detail. So over here we have y1, y2, y3 and y4. How this would look like is and y4. How this would look like is and y4. How this would look like is something. So this would be for 1 plus y something. So this would be for 1 plus y something. So this would be for 1 plus y of 2 minus actual value of y of 2. Then of 2 minus actual value of y of 2. Then of 2 minus actual value of y of 2. Then summation predicted value of y3 minus summation predicted value of y3 minus summation predicted value of y3 minus the actual value of y3 and then it'll be the actual value of y3 and then it'll be the actual value of y3 and then it'll be predicted value of y4 minus the actual predicted value of y4 minus the actual predicted value of y4 minus the actual value of y4. And when I perform addition value of y4. And when I perform addition value of y4. And when I perform addition over here or when I perform summation, I over here or when I perform summation, I over here or when I perform summation, I can generalize this equation into this can generalize this equation into this can generalize this equation into this form. But we are not yet done over here. form. But we are not yet done over here. form. But we are not yet done over here. As you can see, we have something called As you can see, we have something called As you can see, we have something called as TA values. So what does this theta as TA values. So what does this theta as TA values. So what does this theta values represents? You see the main values represents? You see the main values represents? You see the main agenda behind finding a loss is to agenda behind finding a loss is to agenda behind finding a loss is to increase our accuracy, right? So if I increase our accuracy, right? So if I increase our accuracy, right? So if I say this is my gradient descent and this say this is my gradient descent and this say this is my gradient descent and this is the lowest global minima, right? So is the lowest global minima, right? So is the lowest global minima, right? So my agenda over here is to reach this my agenda over here is to reach this my agenda over here is to reach this global minima. So now in order for me to global minima. So now in order for me to global minima. So now in order for me to do this, in order to increase my do this, in order to increase my do this, in order to increase my accuracy, I have to obviously change my accuracy, I have to obviously change my accuracy, I have to obviously change my values. So how do I do that? How do I values. So how do I do that? How do I values. So how do I do that? How do I increase an accuracy? It's obviously by increase an accuracy? It's obviously by increase an accuracy? It's obviously by these weights. Okay, it's by this W, U these weights. Okay, it's by this W, U these weights. Okay, it's by this W, U and V. So W, U and V are nothing but the and V. So W, U and V are nothing but the and V. So W, U and V are nothing but the weights. So what this theta over here weights. So what this theta over here weights. So what this theta over here represents, let me quickly erase this. represents, let me quickly erase this. represents, let me quickly erase this. Okay, so what this theta over here Okay, so what this theta over here Okay, so what this theta over here represents is nothing but the values of represents is nothing but the values of represents is nothing but the values of W, U and V. So now what we're going to W, U and V. So now what we're going to W, U and V. So now what we're going to do is we are going to have a partial do is we are going to have a partial do is we are going to have a partial derivative of the loss with respect to u derivative of the loss with respect to u derivative of the loss with respect to u and then we'll have a partial derivative and then we'll have a partial derivative and then we'll have a partial derivative of loss with respect to v and then we'll of loss with respect to v and then we'll of loss with respect to v and then we'll also have partial derivative of loss also have partial derivative of loss also have partial derivative of loss with respect to w. These are nothing but with respect to w. These are nothing but with respect to w. These are nothing but weights and we are trying to train the weights and we are trying to train the weights and we are trying to train the weights. This is done in order to weights. This is done in order to weights. This is done in order to increase our accuracy. Okay. And the way increase our accuracy. Okay. And the way increase our accuracy. Okay. And the way these models get trained is with the these models get trained is with the these models get trained is with the help of back propagation. And the way help of back propagation. And the way help of back propagation. And the way the back propagation works over here is the back propagation works over here is the back propagation works over here is by partial derivative. So what I'm by partial derivative. So what I'm by partial derivative. So what I'm trying to say here is as if I get my trying to say here is as if I get my trying to say here is as if I get my weights over here. So let me just take weights over here. So let me just take weights over here. So let me just take another color. So this V, we know that another color. So this V, we know that another color. So this V, we know that it is totally dependent upon this value it is totally dependent upon this value it is totally dependent upon this value over here. This won't be V, this would over here. This won't be V, this would over here. This won't be V, this would be W. Okay. So this W value will be be W. Okay. So this W value will be be W. Okay. So this W value will be totally dependent on the previous one. totally dependent on the previous one. totally dependent on the previous one. And this value will be dependent upon And this value will be dependent upon And this value will be dependent upon this one. And this value will be this one. And this value will be this one. And this value will be dependent on this one. And this one dependent on this one. And this one dependent on this one. And this one would be finally dependent on this. So would be finally dependent on this. So would be finally dependent on this. So this is in order to move from here to this is in order to move from here to this is in order to move from here to here to here and then to here we'll use here to here and then to here we'll use here to here and then to here we'll use something called as partial derivatives. something called as partial derivatives. something called as partial derivatives. Right? So that's how we update our old Right? So that's how we update our old Right? So that's how we update our old weights. All right. And another weights. All right. And another weights. All right. And another important concept that make neural important concept that make neural important concept that make neural network or recurrent neural network very network or recurrent neural network very network or recurrent neural network very important is nothing but embedding important is nothing but embedding important is nothing but embedding layer. So let me quickly draw a boundary layer. So let me quickly draw a boundary layer. So let me quickly draw a boundary over here. Okay. So embedding layer. All right. So what does this embedding All right. So what does this embedding All right. So what does this embedding layer signifies? Okay. So if I take a layer signifies? Okay. So if I take a layer signifies? Okay. So if I take a convention way right so like let's say convention way right so like let's say convention way right so like let's say that you know our x or you know our that you know our x or you know our that you know our x or you know our input over here this is nothing but x input over here this is nothing but x input over here this is nothing but x over here right so the what is the over here right so the what is the over here right so the what is the dimension or the shape of this x the dimension or the shape of this x the dimension or the shape of this x the shape of this x is nothing but 1a 4 shape of this x is nothing but 1a 4 shape of this x is nothing but 1a 4 right 1 4 similarly it's 1a 4 here 1 4 right 1 4 similarly it's 1a 4 here 1 4 right 1 4 similarly it's 1a 4 here 1 4 and 1 4 but this is not usually the case and 1 4 but this is not usually the case and 1 4 but this is not usually the case when you're working with real world when you're working with real world when you're working with real world examples when you're working with real examples when you're working with real examples when you're working with real world examples we won't be having four world examples we won't be having four world examples we won't be having four different words right we'll obviously different words right we'll obviously different words right we'll obviously have lacks of values So for example, have lacks of values So for example, have lacks of values So for example, let's say we have X and the shape of let's say we have X and the shape of let's say we have X and the shape of this X is something like we have 10,000 this X is something like we have 10,000 this X is something like we have 10,000 values. Okay. So now if I try to feed values. Okay. So now if I try to feed values. Okay. So now if I try to feed this 10,000 values into my into my this 10,000 values into my into my this 10,000 values into my into my network over here, obviously I would be network over here, obviously I would be network over here, obviously I would be using batch propagation. So it would using batch propagation. So it would using batch propagation. So it would take a lot of time, right? Because it's take a lot of time, right? Because it's take a lot of time, right? Because it's 10,000 values after all. So in order to 10,000 values after all. So in order to 10,000 values after all. So in order to overcome this, what we're going to do is overcome this, what we're going to do is overcome this, what we're going to do is we're going to reduce the size of this. we're going to reduce the size of this. we're going to reduce the size of this. Okay? So basically what word embedding Okay? So basically what word embedding Okay? So basically what word embedding layer does is think that we have a layer does is think that we have a layer does is think that we have a matrix. This is our input layer right or matrix. This is our input layer right or matrix. This is our input layer right or input word. So we call this as sparse input word. So we call this as sparse input word. So we call this as sparse matrix. matrix. matrix. This is nothing but you know an This is nothing but you know an This is nothing but you know an individual value that's x i or x1 x2 x3. individual value that's x i or x1 x2 x3. individual value that's x i or x1 x2 x3. Let's for generalization we'll give here Let's for generalization we'll give here Let's for generalization we'll give here as x i and the shape of this is nothing as x i and the shape of this is nothing as x i and the shape of this is nothing but 1 comma v. V here represents the n but 1 comma v. V here represents the n but 1 comma v. V here represents the n number of dimensions and one is because number of dimensions and one is because number of dimensions and one is because it's just going to be one word right. So it's just going to be one word right. So it's just going to be one word right. So it's going to be one. So if I consider it's going to be one. So if I consider it's going to be one. So if I consider with respect to this this is one and with respect to this this is one and with respect to this this is one and this is v. Okay. So now what will happen this is v. Okay. So now what will happen this is v. Okay. So now what will happen is if v is is 10,000 or pretty great it is if v is is 10,000 or pretty great it is if v is is 10,000 or pretty great it obviously we won't have much uh we going obviously we won't have much uh we going obviously we won't have much uh we going to lose a lot of time on computation and to lose a lot of time on computation and to lose a lot of time on computation and also take huge compute power. So what also take huge compute power. So what also take huge compute power. So what we'll do is I'll multiply this with an we'll do is I'll multiply this with an we'll do is I'll multiply this with an embedding layer embedding layer embedding layer and what this embedding matrix does is and what this embedding matrix does is and what this embedding matrix does is it is basically a set of features. So it is basically a set of features. So it is basically a set of features. So this is something you know this is a this is something you know this is a this is something you know this is a blackbox model and we all this would do blackbox model and we all this would do blackbox model and we all this would do is this would attract couple of is this would attract couple of is this would attract couple of features. If you want me to give you a features. If you want me to give you a features. If you want me to give you a better analogy of what this is and if better analogy of what this is and if better analogy of what this is and if you want me to compare this with respect you want me to compare this with respect you want me to compare this with respect to a CNN which is nothing but another to a CNN which is nothing but another to a CNN which is nothing but another great algorithm for image processing great algorithm for image processing great algorithm for image processing using deep learning right over there we using deep learning right over there we using deep learning right over there we are going to use something called as are going to use something called as are going to use something called as filters or kernels. So each of those filters or kernels. So each of those filters or kernels. So each of those filters or kernels is responsible for filters or kernels is responsible for filters or kernels is responsible for extracting one specific feature right. extracting one specific feature right. extracting one specific feature right. So this is what embedding layer does and So this is what embedding layer does and So this is what embedding layer does and what this would do for example now let's what this would do for example now let's what this would do for example now let's say that the size of embedding layer is say that the size of embedding layer is say that the size of embedding layer is v k is something that we provide a input v k is something that we provide a input v k is something that we provide a input over here. So now what this would happen over here. So now what this would happen over here. So now what this would happen is this would give us a new matrix or is this would give us a new matrix or is this would give us a new matrix or embedded matrix whose size would be 1 embedded matrix whose size would be 1 embedded matrix whose size would be 1 comma k. I'm pretty sure you didn't comma k. I'm pretty sure you didn't comma k. I'm pretty sure you didn't understand this because over here I'm understand this because over here I'm understand this because over here I'm using you know this these letters. So in using you know this these letters. So in using you know this these letters. So in order to make you better understand this order to make you better understand this order to make you better understand this what I'm going to do is let me take a what I'm going to do is let me take a what I'm going to do is let me take a matrix over here. Okay let me take matrix over here. Okay let me take matrix over here. Okay let me take something like you know because this something like you know because this something like you know because this would be in an embedded form right this would be in an embedded form right this would be in an embedded form right this would be a sparse matrix so it would be would be a sparse matrix so it would be would be a sparse matrix so it would be like 0 0 0 like 0 0 0 like 0 0 0 1 then we'll have 0 0 and so on. Okay so 1 then we'll have 0 0 and so on. Okay so 1 then we'll have 0 0 and so on. Okay so now what this would do is we'll also now what this would do is we'll also now what this would do is we'll also create a matrix over here the size of create a matrix over here the size of create a matrix over here the size of this would be something similar to that this would be something similar to that this would be something similar to that of v. This is nothing but 1 comma v and of v. This is nothing but 1 comma v and of v. This is nothing but 1 comma v and over here it would be k. So the matrix over here it would be k. So the matrix over here it would be k. So the matrix shape over here would be V comm right to shape over here would be V comm right to shape over here would be V comm right to give you a better analogy let me also give you a better analogy let me also give you a better analogy let me also draw a couple of boxes here. So this is draw a couple of boxes here. So this is draw a couple of boxes here. So this is the matrix and this is the matrix over the matrix and this is the matrix over the matrix and this is the matrix over here again. So now what will happen over here again. So now what will happen over here again. So now what will happen over here is when I try to perform this here is when I try to perform this here is when I try to perform this matrix multiplication right what this matrix multiplication right what this matrix multiplication right what this would do you know as everything is zero would do you know as everything is zero would do you know as everything is zero and only one value is true. So let's say and only one value is true. So let's say and only one value is true. So let's say this is the one value right and this this is the one value right and this this is the one value right and this would be going across you know from left would be going across you know from left would be going across you know from left to right and this would be from top to to right and this would be from top to to right and this would be from top to bottom only one part over here would be bottom only one part over here would be bottom only one part over here would be marked and rest everything would be marked and rest everything would be marked and rest everything would be zero. Therefore reducing the dimension zero. Therefore reducing the dimension zero. Therefore reducing the dimension let me give some random values like 0.5 let me give some random values like 0.5 let me give some random values like 0.5 1.8 8 0.5 just some random values. So 1.8 8 0.5 just some random values. So 1.8 8 0.5 just some random values. So now this would obviously reduce the size now this would obviously reduce the size now this would obviously reduce the size of 1 comma k. So what I'm trying to say of 1 comma k. So what I'm trying to say of 1 comma k. So what I'm trying to say here is now for example say that I have here is now for example say that I have here is now for example say that I have a size over here as 1a 10,000. Okay a size over here as 1a 10,000. Okay a size over here as 1a 10,000. Okay which is a very huge matrix and the which is a very huge matrix and the which is a very huge matrix and the shape of this let's say that it's 10,000 shape of this let's say that it's 10,000 shape of this let's say that it's 10,000 200 when I perform this embedding right 200 when I perform this embedding right 200 when I perform this embedding right word embedding the shape of the new word embedding the shape of the new word embedding the shape of the new matrix would be nothing but 1a 200. If I matrix would be nothing but 1a 200. If I matrix would be nothing but 1a 200. If I compare this part over here to the compare this part over here to the compare this part over here to the embedding whatever we have received over embedding whatever we have received over embedding whatever we have received over here. So let me just give a quick brief. here. So let me just give a quick brief. here. So let me just give a quick brief. So this is our embedded layer. So this So this is our embedded layer. So this So this is our embedded layer. So this is really 1, 200. So you will see that is really 1, 200. So you will see that is really 1, 200. So you will see that we have decreased the dimensions by a we have decreased the dimensions by a we have decreased the dimensions by a drastic amount. Okay. So this is 10,000 drastic amount. Okay. So this is 10,000 drastic amount. Okay. So this is 10,000 and this is only 200. And this would be and this is only 200. And this would be and this is only 200. And this would be very efficient when we are trying to very efficient when we are trying to very efficient when we are trying to feed this to our recurrent neural feed this to our recurrent neural feed this to our recurrent neural network. And let me quickly show you how network. And let me quickly show you how network. And let me quickly show you how this would go. So first let me draw our this would go. So first let me draw our this would go. So first let me draw our architecture. Let's take this blocks architecture. Let's take this blocks architecture. Let's take this blocks like this like this like this and then we'll have an output over here. and then we'll have an output over here. and then we'll have an output over here. Okay. So this would be our inputs, Okay. So this would be our inputs, Okay. So this would be our inputs, right? So let me give something like right? So let me give something like right? So let me give something like this. So initially we used to provide x this. So initially we used to provide x this. So initially we used to provide x values over here. Right? Now we won't be values over here. Right? Now we won't be values over here. Right? Now we won't be doing that. We won't be providing any x doing that. We won't be providing any x doing that. We won't be providing any x values directly. Instead of that what values directly. Instead of that what values directly. Instead of that what I'm going to do is I'll have an I'm going to do is I'll have an I'm going to do is I'll have an embedding layer over here and this will have the x values. So let and this will have the x values. So let and this will have the x values. So let me give here as x of 1. So x of 2 x of 3 me give here as x of 1. So x of 2 x of 3 me give here as x of 1. So x of 2 x of 3 and then we'll have x of 4. And then and then we'll have x of 4. And then and then we'll have x of 4. And then similarly let's take this model to be similarly let's take this model to be similarly let's take this model to be multiple input and single output. So multiple input and single output. So multiple input and single output. So here we'll have y by hat of t and then here we'll have y by hat of t and then here we'll have y by hat of t and then we'll have weights obviously. So this we'll have weights obviously. So this we'll have weights obviously. So this would be u v and w and this is nothing would be u v and w and this is nothing would be u v and w and this is nothing but our matrix over here. So this would but our matrix over here. So this would but our matrix over here. So this would be a of 0, a of 1, a of 2, a of three be a of 0, a of 1, a of 2, a of three be a of 0, a of 1, a of 2, a of three and finally a of four. Okay. So this is and finally a of four. Okay. So this is and finally a of four. Okay. So this is our context matrix and obviously we'll our context matrix and obviously we'll our context matrix and obviously we'll be performing an activation function be performing an activation function be performing an activation function here. So I'll just give it f. You can here. So I'll just give it f. You can here. So I'll just give it f. You can put f, you can put g. It's totally up to put f, you can put g. It's totally up to put f, you can put g. It's totally up to you. So this is how a recurrent neural you. So this is how a recurrent neural you. So this is how a recurrent neural network would actually work. All right. network would actually work. All right. network would actually work. All right. So now that we know how RNN works, let So now that we know how RNN works, let So now that we know how RNN works, let us now understand what is LSTM or we can us now understand what is LSTM or we can us now understand what is LSTM or we can also say it as long-term memory. You see also say it as long-term memory. You see also say it as long-term memory. You see traditional RNNs are not good at traditional RNNs are not good at traditional RNNs are not good at capturing long range dependencies. What capturing long range dependencies. What capturing long range dependencies. What I mean to say here is that when we tend I mean to say here is that when we tend I mean to say here is that when we tend to work with a very huge data set and to work with a very huge data set and to work with a very huge data set and multiple RNN layer, we are at the risk multiple RNN layer, we are at the risk multiple RNN layer, we are at the risk of vanishing gradient problem. Now you of vanishing gradient problem. Now you of vanishing gradient problem. Now you might be wondering what is this might be wondering what is this might be wondering what is this vanishing gradient, right? Well, you see vanishing gradient, right? Well, you see vanishing gradient, right? Well, you see when training a very deep neural when training a very deep neural when training a very deep neural network, gradient or the derivatives network, gradient or the derivatives network, gradient or the derivatives decrease exponentially as it propagates decrease exponentially as it propagates decrease exponentially as it propagates down the layer. This is known as down the layer. This is known as down the layer. This is known as vanishing gradient problem. These vanishing gradient problem. These vanishing gradient problem. These gradients are actually used to update gradients are actually used to update gradients are actually used to update the weights of a neural network. But the weights of a neural network. But the weights of a neural network. But when the gradients vanish, these weights when the gradients vanish, these weights when the gradients vanish, these weights will not get updated. In the worst case will not get updated. In the worst case will not get updated. In the worst case scenario, it will completely stop the scenario, it will completely stop the scenario, it will completely stop the neural network from training. This neural network from training. This neural network from training. This vanishing gradient problem is a common vanishing gradient problem is a common vanishing gradient problem is a common issue in very deep neural networks. So issue in very deep neural networks. So issue in very deep neural networks. So to overcome this vanishing gradient to overcome this vanishing gradient to overcome this vanishing gradient problem in RNN's, longshortterm memory problem in RNN's, longshortterm memory problem in RNN's, longshortterm memory was introduced. You see, LSTM or was introduced. You see, LSTM or was introduced. You see, LSTM or longshot memory is a modification to longshot memory is a modification to longshot memory is a modification to RNN's hidden layer. LSTM is capable of RNN's hidden layer. LSTM is capable of RNN's hidden layer. LSTM is capable of remembering RNN's weights and their remembering RNN's weights and their remembering RNN's weights and their inputs over a very long period of time. inputs over a very long period of time. inputs over a very long period of time. In LSTM, in addition to the hidden In LSTM, in addition to the hidden In LSTM, in addition to the hidden state, cell state is passed down to the state, cell state is passed down to the state, cell state is passed down to the next block. The way LSTM works is that next block. The way LSTM works is that next block. The way LSTM works is that it can capture long range dependencies it can capture long range dependencies it can capture long range dependencies that is old weights. It can have memory that is old weights. It can have memory that is old weights. It can have memory of previous inputs for a very extended of previous inputs for a very extended of previous inputs for a very extended time duration. The way LSTM cell does time duration. The way LSTM cell does time duration. The way LSTM cell does this is by using three main gates. First this is by using three main gates. First this is by using three main gates. First one is a forget gate. Forget gate one is a forget gate. Forget gate one is a forget gate. Forget gate removes the information that is no removes the information that is no removes the information that is no longer useful in the cell state. Then we longer useful in the cell state. Then we longer useful in the cell state. Then we have input gate. Additional information have input gate. Additional information have input gate. Additional information to the cell state is added by input to the cell state is added by input to the cell state is added by input gate. And finally we have something gate. And finally we have something gate. And finally we have something called as output gate. Additional useful called as output gate. Additional useful called as output gate. Additional useful information to the cell state is also information to the cell state is also information to the cell state is also added by an output gate. This gating added by an output gate. This gating added by an output gate. This gating mechanism of LSTM has allowed network to mechanism of LSTM has allowed network to mechanism of LSTM has allowed network to learn the conditions for when to forget, learn the conditions for when to forget, learn the conditions for when to forget, ignore or keep information in the memory ignore or keep information in the memory ignore or keep information in the memory cell. So let me now quickly move to my cell. So let me now quickly move to my cell. So let me now quickly move to my Jupyter notebook and show you how I can Jupyter notebook and show you how I can Jupyter notebook and show you how I can implement LSTM on name entity implement LSTM on name entity implement LSTM on name entity prediction. All right. So let me quickly prediction. All right. So let me quickly prediction. All right. So let me quickly move there. All right. So over here, move there. All right. So over here, move there. All right. So over here, first off, I'll be opening my Google first off, I'll be opening my Google first off, I'll be opening my Google Collab. Okay. So let us give a name for our Okay. So let us give a name for our Okay. So let us give a name for our Google Collab over here. Let's give a Google Collab over here. Let's give a Google Collab over here. Let's give a short term, right? Name, entity, short term, right? Name, entity, short term, right? Name, entity, prediction. And let's connect our Google prediction. And let's connect our Google prediction. And let's connect our Google Collab to our server. Okay. Meanwhile, Collab to our server. Okay. Meanwhile, Collab to our server. Okay. Meanwhile, that's connecting. So now you might be that's connecting. So now you might be that's connecting. So now you might be wondering from where am I going to use wondering from where am I going to use wondering from where am I going to use my data set? So for me to use my data my data set? So for me to use my data my data set? So for me to use my data set, I'll just go for Kaggle. K A G L E set, I'll just go for Kaggle. K A G L E set, I'll just go for Kaggle. K A G L E baby names. So let me just quickly show baby names. So let me just quickly show baby names. So let me just quickly show you how this data set would look like. you how this data set would look like. you how this data set would look like. So this is a CSV file over here. All So this is a CSV file over here. All So this is a CSV file over here. All right. So as you can see here we have right. So as you can see here we have right. So as you can see here we have our 93,889 our 93,889 our 93,889 unique values. Okay. So this is a very unique values. Okay. So this is a very unique values. Okay. So this is a very huge data set and let's try downloading huge data set and let's try downloading huge data set and let's try downloading this. To download this it's pretty this. To download this it's pretty this. To download this it's pretty simple. All you need to do is click this simple. All you need to do is click this simple. All you need to do is click this and it will get downloaded. As I've and it will get downloaded. As I've and it will get downloaded. As I've already downloaded this file, let me already downloaded this file, let me already downloaded this file, let me quickly upload this on my Jupyter quickly upload this on my Jupyter quickly upload this on my Jupyter it from here. it from here. it from here. Okay. So let me go to this upload file Okay. So let me go to this upload file Okay. So let me go to this upload file and yeah. So I have my CSV file here and and yeah. So I have my CSV file here and and yeah. So I have my CSV file here and let me open this. As this is a pretty let me open this. As this is a pretty let me open this. As this is a pretty huge data set, it would take some time. huge data set, it would take some time. huge data set, it would take some time. Meanwhile that's loading. Let's see what Meanwhile that's loading. Let's see what Meanwhile that's loading. Let's see what we can do. So first off let's import we can do. So first off let's import we can do. So first off let's import couple of libraries. So we'll have couple of libraries. So we'll have couple of libraries. So we'll have import pandas import pandas import pandas as pd and then we are going to import as pd and then we are going to import as pd and then we are going to import numpy as np and then we also need to numpy as np and then we also need to numpy as np and then we also need to have mattl so from sklearn. have mattl so from sklearn. have mattl so from sklearn. All right and we also need something All right and we also need something All right and we also need something like label encoder but I'll show you a like label encoder but I'll show you a like label encoder but I'll show you a shortcut way to you know bypass label shortcut way to you know bypass label shortcut way to you know bypass label encoding. Okay so let's try to load our encoding. Okay so let's try to load our encoding. Okay so let's try to load our cell here and in order for us to read cell here and in order for us to read cell here and in order for us to read this data so it's pretty simple. So all this data so it's pretty simple. So all this data so it's pretty simple. So all we going to do is let's give this as a we going to do is let's give this as a we going to do is let's give this as a data. This would be nothing but pandas data. This would be nothing but pandas data. This would be nothing but pandas dot read csv and then we are going to dot read csv and then we are going to dot read csv and then we are going to pass our file name. Let me change this pass our file name. Let me change this pass our file name. Let me change this to our root directory by putting a dot to our root directory by putting a dot to our root directory by putting a dot over here. Okay. So I won't be executing over here. Okay. So I won't be executing over here. Okay. So I won't be executing this as of now because it's trying to this as of now because it's trying to this as of now because it's trying to load our file. load our file. load our file. All right. So now that we have All right. So now that we have All right. So now that we have successfully loaded our data. So let's successfully loaded our data. So let's successfully loaded our data. So let's try running this cell over here. Okay. try running this cell over here. Okay. try running this cell over here. Okay. So let me close this and let me zoom in So let me close this and let me zoom in So let me close this and let me zoom in over here. So now what we're going to do over here. So now what we're going to do over here. So now what we're going to do is let's see the shape of our data. So is let's see the shape of our data. So is let's see the shape of our data. So let's see what's the data shape. Data let's see what's the data shape. Data let's see what's the data shape. Data dot shape. And now let's see what it dot shape. And now let's see what it dot shape. And now let's see what it would be like. Okay. So as you can see would be like. Okay. So as you can see would be like. Okay. So as you can see here we have five columns but the number here we have five columns but the number here we have five columns but the number of rows that we have is 1.8 million. of rows that we have is 1.8 million. of rows that we have is 1.8 million. That is approximately 18 lakhs, right? That is approximately 18 lakhs, right? That is approximately 18 lakhs, right? So this is a pretty huge value. So now So this is a pretty huge value. So now So this is a pretty huge value. So now what we're going to do is we'll just see what we're going to do is we'll just see what we're going to do is we'll just see how our data is looking like. So we'll how our data is looking like. So we'll how our data is looking like. So we'll see data dot head and let's see what we see data dot head and let's see what we see data dot head and let's see what we need. So as you can see here we have ID need. So as you can see here we have ID need. So as you can see here we have ID which is of no use for us. Then we have which is of no use for us. Then we have which is of no use for us. Then we have name. Okay. Then this year I don't think name. Okay. Then this year I don't think name. Okay. Then this year I don't think it's of any use for us. Then we have it's of any use for us. Then we have it's of any use for us. Then we have gender and count. Count here represents gender and count. Count here represents gender and count. Count here represents you know how many people have the name you know how many people have the name you know how many people have the name Mary. How many people have the name Mary. How many people have the name Mary. How many people have the name Anna? How many people have the name Anna? How many people have the name Anna? How many people have the name Emma? Elizabeth and Minnie. This is over Emma? Elizabeth and Minnie. This is over Emma? Elizabeth and Minnie. This is over here. Out of this if you see right there here. Out of this if you see right there here. Out of this if you see right there are a couple of things that we don't are a couple of things that we don't are a couple of things that we don't need. We can drop them out. You know, need. We can drop them out. You know, need. We can drop them out. You know, all we need is a name. Okay. And then we all we need is a name. Okay. And then we all we need is a name. Okay. And then we also need the gender because this is also need the gender because this is also need the gender because this is going to be our prediction. We are going going to be our prediction. We are going going to be our prediction. We are going to predict. We'll give our own custom to predict. We'll give our own custom to predict. We'll give our own custom name and then we'll see whether the name name and then we'll see whether the name name and then we'll see whether the name that is you're giving is a male or a that is you're giving is a male or a that is you're giving is a male or a female. Okay. So now what we're going to female. Okay. So now what we're going to female. Okay. So now what we're going to do is let's see how many unique values do is let's see how many unique values do is let's see how many unique values we have. So let me quickly erase this we have. So let me quickly erase this we have. So let me quickly erase this first. Okay. So what I'm going to do is first. Okay. So what I'm going to do is first. Okay. So what I'm going to do is data dot names. So this should give us data dot names. So this should give us data dot names. So this should give us here name and then we'll type here as here name and then we'll type here as here name and then we'll type here as unique. Okay. So this would give me unique. Okay. So this would give me unique. Okay. So this would give me unique values. Okay. So over here I have unique values. Okay. So over here I have unique values. Okay. So over here I have 93,889 93,889 93,889 unique names. Okay. So now what we're unique names. Okay. So now what we're unique names. Okay. So now what we're going to do is we want to label encode going to do is we want to label encode going to do is we want to label encode this. Right. So we want our female which this. Right. So we want our female which this. Right. So we want our female which is nothing but f. We want female to be is nothing but f. We want female to be is nothing but f. We want female to be zero and then male to be one or vice zero and then male to be one or vice zero and then male to be one or vice versa. So in order to do that either we versa. So in order to do that either we versa. So in order to do that either we can use label encoder or there's a can use label encoder or there's a can use label encoder or there's a shortcut method to this. Let me quickly shortcut method to this. Let me quickly shortcut method to this. Let me quickly show you how that works. So first of show you how that works. So first of show you how that works. So first of all, we'll take our data frame. So it's all, we'll take our data frame. So it's all, we'll take our data frame. So it's data and which column we want to do this data and which column we want to do this data and which column we want to do this for? We want to do this for our gender for? We want to do this for our gender for? We want to do this for our gender column, right? So let me pass this and column, right? So let me pass this and column, right? So let me pass this and give gender. And now what we're going to give gender. And now what we're going to give gender. And now what we're going to do is okay, we'll take this as type. do is okay, we'll take this as type. do is okay, we'll take this as type. Okay, this would be obviously in the Okay, this would be obviously in the Okay, this would be obviously in the form of category. form of category. form of category. And now what we'll do is this is cat dot And now what we'll do is this is cat dot And now what we'll do is this is cat dot quotes. quotes. quotes. Okay, so this is nothing but panda Okay, so this is nothing but panda Okay, so this is nothing but panda shortcut you know do label encoding. shortcut you know do label encoding. shortcut you know do label encoding. Let's try to execute this and see what Let's try to execute this and see what Let's try to execute this and see what it would look like. So as you can see it would look like. So as you can see it would look like. So as you can see here we have couple of zeros and you here we have couple of zeros and you here we have couple of zeros and you know ones. This is nothing but it's know ones. This is nothing but it's know ones. This is nothing but it's representing females with one and males representing females with one and males representing females with one and males with zeros. Okay. So now what we'll do with zeros. Okay. So now what we'll do with zeros. Okay. So now what we'll do is we have to update this column. So is we have to update this column. So is we have to update this column. So we'll paste this and this should be we'll paste this and this should be we'll paste this and this should be something like this over here. And let something like this over here. And let something like this over here. And let me execute this. Okay. So if you want to me execute this. Okay. So if you want to me execute this. Okay. So if you want to see how our data would look like now let see how our data would look like now let see how our data would look like now let me just quickly run this once again. So me just quickly run this once again. So me just quickly run this once again. So you'll see here now the values has been you'll see here now the values has been you'll see here now the values has been label encoded. Okay. So now what we're label encoded. Okay. So now what we're label encoded. Okay. So now what we're going to do is we obviously need to take going to do is we obviously need to take going to do is we obviously need to take the unique names right and then we'll the unique names right and then we'll the unique names right and then we'll obviously group it by right. So what obviously group it by right. So what obviously group it by right. So what we'll do for this is we'll take we'll do for this is we'll take we'll do for this is we'll take something like data we'll group this by something like data we'll group this by something like data we'll group this by the names. So group by names. All right. the names. So group by names. All right. the names. So group by names. All right. And now what we'll do is we'll calculate And now what we'll do is we'll calculate And now what we'll do is we'll calculate the mean of the genders. We'll reset the the mean of the genders. We'll reset the the mean of the genders. We'll reset the index. The reason why we want to reset index. The reason why we want to reset index. The reason why we want to reset the index is because you know if we the index is because you know if we the index is because you know if we don't give the index then our name over don't give the index then our name over don't give the index then our name over here will become the index. Right? So here will become the index. Right? So here will become the index. Right? So we'll give reset index. All right. So we'll give reset index. All right. So we'll give reset index. All right. So let's give this to a new data frame and let's give this to a new data frame and let's give this to a new data frame and we'll call this as df. Okay. Let me we'll call this as df. Okay. Let me we'll call this as df. Okay. Let me execute this now and let's see how this execute this now and let's see how this execute this now and let's see how this df would look like. Okay. Let me execute df would look like. Okay. Let me execute df would look like. Okay. Let me execute this right after this. So as you can see this right after this. So as you can see this right after this. So as you can see here it has grouped by by names all here it has grouped by by names all here it has grouped by by names all everything in an ascending order. So everything in an ascending order. So everything in an ascending order. So this is all in an alphabetical manner. this is all in an alphabetical manner. this is all in an alphabetical manner. And yeah and now only thing that I want And yeah and now only thing that I want And yeah and now only thing that I want to work on is this gender. Okay. The to work on is this gender. Okay. The to work on is this gender. Okay. The reason is because over here I'm getting reason is because over here I'm getting reason is because over here I'm getting a floating point value. I don't want a floating point value. I don't want a floating point value. I don't want this floating point value. I want to this floating point value. I want to this floating point value. I want to change this to a integer value. Right? change this to a integer value. Right? change this to a integer value. Right? So what I'll do is df gender. This would So what I'll do is df gender. This would So what I'll do is df gender. This would be nothing but df gender. Then I'll all be nothing but df gender. Then I'll all be nothing but df gender. Then I'll all I'm going to do is as type I'll just put I'm going to do is as type I'll just put I'm going to do is as type I'll just put here as int. So let's now see what this here as int. So let's now see what this here as int. So let's now see what this value would look like. Fantastic. We value would look like. Fantastic. We value would look like. Fantastic. We over here have now you know ones and over here have now you know ones and over here have now you know ones and zeros which is nothing but an integer zeros which is nothing but an integer zeros which is nothing but an integer value. Okay. So if you want to see this value. Okay. So if you want to see this value. Okay. So if you want to see this so either I can write df or I can also so either I can write df or I can also so either I can write df or I can also put as head. Okay. So these are the put as head. Okay. So these are the put as head. Okay. So these are the first five values. Okay. So now the way first five values. Okay. So now the way first five values. Okay. So now the way our neural network is going to work or our neural network is going to work or our neural network is going to work or the recurrent neural network is going to the recurrent neural network is going to the recurrent neural network is going to work is that you know I hope you work is that you know I hope you work is that you know I hope you remember these boxes right? So when I remember these boxes right? So when I remember these boxes right? So when I was talking or when I was explaining was talking or when I was explaining was talking or when I was explaining this RNN, I was saying that I would be this RNN, I was saying that I would be this RNN, I was saying that I would be passing around the words. But here in passing around the words. But here in passing around the words. But here in this project or in this program, we this project or in this program, we this project or in this program, we won't be passing words over here. You won't be passing words over here. You won't be passing words over here. You know, we won't be passing like Abha or know, we won't be passing like Abha or know, we won't be passing like Abha or Abida or Adam. We won't be passing these Abida or Adam. We won't be passing these Abida or Adam. We won't be passing these words. Instead of that, we'll be passing words. Instead of that, we'll be passing words. Instead of that, we'll be passing letters. So over here, it's going to be letters. So over here, it's going to be letters. So over here, it's going to be like alphabets. So A, B, it can be any like alphabets. So A, B, it can be any like alphabets. So A, B, it can be any alphabet. It can be Z here. So basically alphabet. It can be Z here. So basically alphabet. It can be Z here. So basically it depends upon whatever the values it depends upon whatever the values it depends upon whatever the values coming here. So in order to do that we coming here. So in order to do that we coming here. So in order to do that we have to find number of unique alphabets. have to find number of unique alphabets. have to find number of unique alphabets. So we know how many unique alphabets we So we know how many unique alphabets we So we know how many unique alphabets we have right. So we it's 26. So in order have right. So we it's 26. So in order have right. So we it's 26. So in order to get these alphabets what we'll do is to get these alphabets what we'll do is to get these alphabets what we'll do is let me first quickly erase this. Erase let me first quickly erase this. Erase let me first quickly erase this. Erase all drawing. So now we have 26 all drawing. So now we have 26 all drawing. So now we have 26 alphabets. We have to create our own alphabets. We have to create our own alphabets. We have to create our own vocabulary. So what I'm going to do is vocabulary. So what I'm going to do is vocabulary. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to import string. So now I I'm going to import string. So now I I'm going to import string. So now I need letters right? So lt e r s. This need letters right? So lt e r s. This need letters right? So lt e r s. This would be nothing but list of string would be nothing but list of string would be nothing but list of string dotasai. Okay. And if you want to see dotasai. Okay. And if you want to see dotasai. Okay. And if you want to see what this would give me, this would be what this would give me, this would be what this would give me, this would be nothing but the list of alphabets which nothing but the list of alphabets which nothing but the list of alphabets which are in lower cases. Okay. And now what are in lower cases. Okay. And now what are in lower cases. Okay. And now what we'll do is we'll try to create a label we'll do is we'll try to create a label we'll do is we'll try to create a label encoding or we have to create a encoding or we have to create a encoding or we have to create a vocabulary, right? So we'll have vocabulary, right? So we'll have vocabulary, right? So we'll have something like vocab. This would be something like vocab. This would be something like vocab. This would be nothing but I'll be using dictionary. nothing but I'll be using dictionary. nothing but I'll be using dictionary. And now what I want is zip. The way I And now what I want is zip. The way I And now what I want is zip. The way I want over here is you know for every want over here is you know for every want over here is you know for every individual values of this a b c d I want individual values of this a b c d I want individual values of this a b c d I want to label encode this to 0 1 and whatever to label encode this to 0 1 and whatever to label encode this to 0 1 and whatever the value is right so it would be from 1 the value is right so it would be from 1 the value is right so it would be from 1 to 27 a unique numbers right so this to 27 a unique numbers right so this to 27 a unique numbers right so this would be nothing but letters and then we would be nothing but letters and then we would be nothing but letters and then we we need something like range 1 comma 27 we need something like range 1 comma 27 we need something like range 1 comma 27 so this would give me the matrix from 1 so this would give me the matrix from 1 so this would give me the matrix from 1 to 26 right and let's now see what this to 26 right and let's now see what this to 26 right and let's now see what this would look like so we have vocab and let would look like so we have vocab and let would look like so we have vocab and let me execute This should give me a me execute This should give me a me execute This should give me a dictionary. Okay. So here we'll convert dictionary. Okay. So here we'll convert dictionary. Okay. So here we'll convert a to one. Okay. And then b would be two, a to one. Okay. And then b would be two, a to one. Okay. And then b would be two, c would be three and so on. Z would be c would be three and so on. Z would be c would be three and so on. Z would be 26. And now what we going to do is uh 26. And now what we going to do is uh 26. And now what we going to do is uh we'll just try to create the reverse we'll just try to create the reverse we'll just try to create the reverse vocabulary. And the reason is we vocabulary. And the reason is we vocabulary. And the reason is we obviously won't be needing this but you obviously won't be needing this but you obviously won't be needing this but you know just in case if you want to use it know just in case if you want to use it know just in case if you want to use it would be something very similar to this. would be something very similar to this. would be something very similar to this. Let me just copy the exact same thing Let me just copy the exact same thing Let me just copy the exact same thing and paste it over here. So we'll just and paste it over here. So we'll just and paste it over here. So we'll just give it as reverse. Right? So it will be give it as reverse. Right? So it will be give it as reverse. Right? So it will be R underscore R underscore and here R underscore R underscore and here R underscore R underscore and here instead of numbers being second we'll instead of numbers being second we'll instead of numbers being second we'll just cut this letters and we'll pass just cut this letters and we'll pass just cut this letters and we'll pass letters over here. And now you'll see if letters over here. And now you'll see if letters over here. And now you'll see if you're trying to decode whatever we have you're trying to decode whatever we have you're trying to decode whatever we have predicted you know we can just pass it predicted you know we can just pass it predicted you know we can just pass it down like this. Okay. So now what what down like this. Okay. So now what what down like this. Okay. So now what what will happen is we need to do something will happen is we need to do something will happen is we need to do something like you know all our data whatever is like you know all our data whatever is like you know all our data whatever is there we have to convert them into a there we have to convert them into a there we have to convert them into a lower case. So and then once we convert lower case. So and then once we convert lower case. So and then once we convert them into a lower case we have to encode them into a lower case we have to encode them into a lower case we have to encode them into numbers. them into numbers. them into numbers. So whatever I'm saying is this a a b a n So whatever I'm saying is this a a b a n So whatever I'm saying is this a a b a n right a banan. So we this a a obviously right a banan. So we this a a obviously right a banan. So we this a a obviously first off we have to convert all of this first off we have to convert all of this first off we have to convert all of this into a lower case you know this value into a lower case you know this value into a lower case you know this value and then whatever the equivalent value and then whatever the equivalent value and then whatever the equivalent value of a like numerical value of a so it's of a like numerical value of a so it's of a like numerical value of a so it's obviously going to be one we'll obviously going to be one we'll obviously going to be one we'll substitute that with this and it's going substitute that with this and it's going substitute that with this and it's going to be a list right so how do I do that to be a list right so how do I do that to be a list right so how do I do that so for that I'll write a function so so for that I'll write a function so so for that I'll write a function so we'll have def word to number right word we'll have def word to number right word we'll have def word to number right word to so now what I'm going to do is I'm to so now what I'm going to do is I'm to so now what I'm going to do is I'm going to have for loop for i in range so going to have for loop for i in range so going to have for loop for i in range so this would be nothing But we have to go this would be nothing But we have to go this would be nothing But we have to go through the entire shape, right? So df through the entire shape, right? So df through the entire shape, right? So df do.shape. This would give me a list and do.shape. This would give me a list and do.shape. This would give me a list and I just need the first index. Okay. So I just need the first index. Okay. So I just need the first index. Okay. So now what I'm going to do is I'll create now what I'm going to do is I'll create now what I'm going to do is I'll create one new list sequence. one new list sequence. one new list sequence. This would be nothing but for letters in This would be nothing but for letters in This would be nothing but for letters in DF. Obviously we want the names part. DF. Obviously we want the names part. DF. Obviously we want the names part. And in this we are going to pass the And in this we are going to pass the And in this we are going to pass the index value. It's going to be I. Let me index value. It's going to be I. Let me index value. It's going to be I. Let me just give some space here just so that just give some space here just so that just give some space here just so that you better understand this. And now what you better understand this. And now what you better understand this. And now what I'm going to do is you know I'll have I'm going to do is you know I'll have I'm going to do is you know I'll have this vocabulary vocab see every time I this vocabulary vocab see every time I this vocabulary vocab see every time I pass a letter it will convert it into pass a letter it will convert it into pass a letter it will convert it into you know this individual letter it will you know this individual letter it will you know this individual letter it will convert it into a list or the equivalent convert it into a list or the equivalent convert it into a list or the equivalent you know numerical representation it'll you know numerical representation it'll you know numerical representation it'll be letters and obviously it has to be in be letters and obviously it has to be in be letters and obviously it has to be in lower so it'll be lower and then we'll lower so it'll be lower and then we'll lower so it'll be lower and then we'll just close this bracket here. So now just close this bracket here. So now just close this bracket here. So now what we're going to do is before we what we're going to do is before we what we're going to do is before we execute this function we'll have to execute this function we'll have to execute this function we'll have to append this. So it will be df and this append this. So it will be df and this append this. So it will be df and this is going to be names do I. We'll replace is going to be names do I. We'll replace is going to be names do I. We'll replace the name in that index with this the name in that index with this the name in that index with this particular sequence. Okay. So now all we particular sequence. Okay. So now all we particular sequence. Okay. So now all we need to do is run this function over need to do is run this function over need to do is run this function over here. And yeah this will take some time. here. And yeah this will take some time. here. And yeah this will take some time. The reason is because we have almost The reason is because we have almost The reason is because we have almost around 18 lakh values. So yeah this will around 18 lakh values. So yeah this will around 18 lakh values. So yeah this will take some time. Meanwhile, let me just take some time. Meanwhile, let me just take some time. Meanwhile, let me just comment this. Okay. So in the next stage, what we're Okay. So in the next stage, what we're Okay. So in the next stage, what we're going to do is let's see how our this going to do is let's see how our this going to do is let's see how our this value over here would look like. So let value over here would look like. So let value over here would look like. So let us now first execute this. us now first execute this. us now first execute this. All right. So let us now see how our All right. So let us now see how our All right. So let us now see how our data frame will look like. So let me data frame will look like. So let me data frame will look like. So let me execute this block now. So as you can execute this block now. So as you can execute this block now. So as you can see here our names have been completely see here our names have been completely see here our names have been completely changed or converted into a list of changed or converted into a list of changed or converted into a list of numbers. But now only issue that we are numbers. But now only issue that we are numbers. But now only issue that we are trying to have is the imbalance in the trying to have is the imbalance in the trying to have is the imbalance in the size of the list because when we are size of the list because when we are size of the list because when we are trying to have the number of boxes right trying to have the number of boxes right trying to have the number of boxes right we won't be having variable number of we won't be having variable number of we won't be having variable number of boxes. Okay. So what we're going to do boxes. Okay. So what we're going to do boxes. Okay. So what we're going to do is either we set a value like something is either we set a value like something is either we set a value like something like take an average number like 10 20 like take an average number like 10 20 like take an average number like 10 20 or you can take something like you know or you can take something like you know or you can take something like you know something like you take you either something like you take you either something like you take you either depend on maximum number or the minimum depend on maximum number or the minimum depend on maximum number or the minimum number of list but the thing is if you number of list but the thing is if you number of list but the thing is if you take the maximum number then we have to take the maximum number then we have to take the maximum number then we have to pad lot of zeros and this would lead to pad lot of zeros and this would lead to pad lot of zeros and this would lead to a loss. So if I reduce the size this a loss. So if I reduce the size this a loss. So if I reduce the size this would also decrease the accuracy right would also decrease the accuracy right would also decrease the accuracy right so what we're going to do is we'll plot so what we're going to do is we'll plot so what we're going to do is we'll plot this name and gender in the form of a this name and gender in the form of a this name and gender in the form of a histogram. So let's take here X this histogram. So let's take here X this histogram. So let's take here X this would be DF names and we'll give here as would be DF names and we'll give here as would be DF names and we'll give here as dot values and then same thing we'll do dot values and then same thing we'll do dot values and then same thing we'll do it for Y df gender and this should be it for Y df gender and this should be it for Y df gender and this should be dot values so what we'll do is we also dot values so what we'll do is we also dot values so what we'll do is we also need a list okay so now as we are going need a list okay so now as we are going need a list okay so now as we are going to plot this on a histogram and what to plot this on a histogram and what to plot this on a histogram and what we're going to see in the histogram is we're going to see in the histogram is we're going to see in the histogram is just to analyze you know if this is an just to analyze you know if this is an just to analyze you know if this is an graph we want to analyze you know where graph we want to analyze you know where graph we want to analyze you know where does the highest number of sequence or does the highest number of sequence or does the highest number of sequence or if suppose there's size. If this is size if suppose there's size. If this is size if suppose there's size. If this is size eight and this is like 8,000 words or eight and this is like 8,000 words or eight and this is like 8,000 words or 8,000 names have the size eight, then 8,000 names have the size eight, then 8,000 names have the size eight, then you know we can keep our average you know we can keep our average you know we can keep our average somewhere near and then we can also somewhere near and then we can also somewhere near and then we can also decide you know if if the number after decide you know if if the number after decide you know if if the number after 10 if not many names have a longer 10 if not many names have a longer 10 if not many names have a longer number or the longer length of that name number or the longer length of that name number or the longer length of that name you know so we can keep our average you know so we can keep our average you know so we can keep our average somewhere around 9 or 10. Okay. So let's somewhere around 9 or 10. Okay. So let's somewhere around 9 or 10. Okay. So let's now quickly see how we can do that to now quickly see how we can do that to now quickly see how we can do that to get the length of our names. So length x get the length of our names. So length x get the length of our names. So length x or name length this would be like list or name length this would be like list or name length this would be like list comprehension for i in range 0 comma df comprehension for i in range 0 comma df comprehension for i in range 0 comma df dot shape of zero. And now what we're dot shape of zero. And now what we're dot shape of zero. And now what we're going to do is we need to find the going to do is we need to find the going to do is we need to find the length. So this would be length x of i length. So this would be length x of i length. So this would be length x of i over here. You can either give df or you over here. You can either give df or you over here. You can either give df or you can also give this x right. So it will can also give this x right. So it will can also give this x right. So it will be length of x. Okay. So let me quickly be length of x. Okay. So let me quickly be length of x. Okay. So let me quickly execute this. Okay. So here we're execute this. Okay. So here we're execute this. Okay. So here we're getting an error. Oh yeah, it's not O, getting an error. Oh yeah, it's not O, getting an error. Oh yeah, it's not O, it's going to be zero, right? So let me it's going to be zero, right? So let me it's going to be zero, right? So let me execute this now. Okay, so let me show execute this now. Okay, so let me show execute this now. Okay, so let me show you how this would look like name length you how this would look like name length you how this would look like name length and let me print this off. So as you can and let me print this off. So as you can and let me print this off. So as you can see this is giving me list of names. So see this is giving me list of names. So see this is giving me list of names. So there are huge amount of names. So as there are huge amount of names. So as there are huge amount of names. So as you can see first we had five five and you can see first we had five five and you can see first we had five five and then 9. So let's now plot this and see then 9. So let's now plot this and see then 9. So let's now plot this and see how it would look like. import mattplot how it would look like. import mattplot how it would look like. import mattplot libt. libt. libt. All right, this is perfect. So now what All right, this is perfect. So now what All right, this is perfect. So now what I'm going to do is I have to plot this, I'm going to do is I have to plot this, I'm going to do is I have to plot this, right? So all I'm going to dot do.hist right? So all I'm going to dot do.hist right? So all I'm going to dot do.hist hist all right and now I'm just going to hist all right and now I'm just going to hist all right and now I'm just going to give name length and number of bins this give name length and number of bins this give name length and number of bins this would be like let's get 20 okay and then would be like let's get 20 okay and then would be like let's get 20 okay and then plt dot show okay so what do we find plt dot show okay so what do we find plt dot show okay so what do we find from this graph over here you see this from this graph over here you see this from this graph over here you see this is nothing but the length of the names is nothing but the length of the names is nothing but the length of the names so 2 4 6 8 12 all these are length of so 2 4 6 8 12 all these are length of so 2 4 6 8 12 all these are length of the names and this is nothing but 0 the names and this is nothing but 0 the names and this is nothing but 0 5,000 10,000 this is nothing but number 5,000 10,000 this is nothing but number 5,000 10,000 this is nothing but number of names that have a length four or of names that have a length four or of names that have a length four or number of names that have the length six number of names that have the length six number of names that have the length six so as you can see right the there are so as you can see right the there are so as you can see right the there are around almost 25,000 names whose length around almost 25,000 names whose length around almost 25,000 names whose length is six and then as I cross like 10 or as is six and then as I cross like 10 or as is six and then as I cross like 10 or as I cross 12 not many names are there I cross 12 not many names are there I cross 12 not many names are there whose length is greater than you know whose length is greater than you know whose length is greater than you know 12. So what I'm going to do here now is 12. So what I'm going to do here now is 12. So what I'm going to do here now is now we have to pad right now we have to now we have to pad right now we have to now we have to pad right now we have to pad the number of zeros. So in order to pad the number of zeros. So in order to pad the number of zeros. So in order to pad zeros we have something called as pad zeros we have something called as pad zeros we have something called as built-in function from kas. So from kas built-in function from kas. So from kas built-in function from kas. So from kas or you can also set as kas dot or you can also set as kas dot or you can also set as kas dot pre-processing pre-processing pre-processing dot sequence import pad sequence. dot sequence import pad sequence. dot sequence import pad sequence. So let me quickly execute this now. And So let me quickly execute this now. And So let me quickly execute this now. And now what I'm going to do is I'm going to now what I'm going to do is I'm going to now what I'm going to do is I'm going to create a new list. So let this be x. So create a new list. So let this be x. So create a new list. So let this be x. So this is in lower case. So p sequence. this is in lower case. So p sequence. this is in lower case. So p sequence. And the things that this is going to And the things that this is going to And the things that this is going to take is obviously the sequence. We have take is obviously the sequence. We have take is obviously the sequence. We have to give a list of sequence. Okay. And to give a list of sequence. Okay. And to give a list of sequence. Okay. And then we'll give something like df dot then we'll give something like df dot then we'll give something like df dot names. And then this is going to be names. And then this is going to be names. And then this is going to be values. values. values. And now we want to define the max And now we want to define the max And now we want to define the max length. So this is going to be 10. We length. So this is going to be 10. We length. So this is going to be 10. We also have an option of providing where also have an option of providing where also have an option of providing where do you want to do the padding. So we can do you want to do the padding. So we can do you want to do the padding. So we can also do it as pre or post. We'll also do it as pre or post. We'll also do it as pre or post. We'll obviously be doing pre. So let's see how obviously be doing pre. So let's see how obviously be doing pre. So let's see how do we do that. This should be nothing do we do that. This should be nothing do we do that. This should be nothing but you know if you can see this but you know if you can see this but you know if you can see this sequence over here. So we have padding sequence over here. So we have padding sequence over here. So we have padding is equal to pre. It's so it's by default is equal to pre. It's so it's by default is equal to pre. It's so it's by default right? So pre. So let me execute this right? So pre. So let me execute this right? So pre. So let me execute this now and let's see how this x would look now and let's see how this x would look now and let's see how this x would look like. Okay. So as you can see here x is like. Okay. So as you can see here x is like. Okay. So as you can see here x is a matrix whose length is 10. Okay. So a matrix whose length is 10. Okay. So a matrix whose length is 10. Okay. So each of these like this is this is each of these like this is this is each of these like this is this is nothing but you know 19 million cross nothing but you know 19 million cross nothing but you know 19 million cross 10. So there are 10 columns throughout 10. So there are 10 columns throughout 10. So there are 10 columns throughout all. So now what we're going to do is all. So now what we're going to do is all. So now what we're going to do is we're going to create our own model. So we're going to create our own model. So we're going to create our own model. So for that we'll do from kas dot layers for that we'll do from kas dot layers for that we'll do from kas dot layers import input layer and then we have to import input layer and then we have to import input layer and then we have to have embedding layer cuz if you don't have embedding layer cuz if you don't have embedding layer cuz if you don't have embedding layer then you know it have embedding layer then you know it have embedding layer then you know it would be like each input would be would be like each input would be would be like each input would be something like 1 comma 1.9 million that something like 1 comma 1.9 million that something like 1 comma 1.9 million that is 18 lakhs. So it's a pretty huge value is 18 lakhs. So it's a pretty huge value is 18 lakhs. So it's a pretty huge value to compute. So we don't want that. So to compute. So we don't want that. So to compute. So we don't want that. So that's why we'll use embedding layer. that's why we'll use embedding layer. that's why we'll use embedding layer. Then we have dense layer and then we Then we have dense layer and then we Then we have dense layer and then we have LSTM. We also you know rather than have LSTM. We also you know rather than have LSTM. We also you know rather than taking this as a sequential model we'll taking this as a sequential model we'll taking this as a sequential model we'll take it as you know feed forward. So take it as you know feed forward. So take it as you know feed forward. So what we'll do is from kas dot models what we'll do is from kas dot models what we'll do is from kas dot models import model. So now what we going to do import model. So now what we going to do import model. So now what we going to do is we'll have to create our input layer. is we'll have to create our input layer. is we'll have to create our input layer. So this will be input is equal to input. So this will be input is equal to input. So this will be input is equal to input. And now the shape that we're going to And now the shape that we're going to And now the shape that we're going to pass over here. So for this shape pass over here. So for this shape pass over here. So for this shape so how many columns do we have? We so how many columns do we have? We so how many columns do we have? We obviously have 10 columns, right? So obviously have 10 columns, right? So obviously have 10 columns, right? So it's going to be 10. So now what we're it's going to be 10. So now what we're it's going to be 10. So now what we're going to do is next we are going to have going to do is next we are going to have going to do is next we are going to have embedding layer. So let's say this is EM embedding layer. So let's say this is EM embedding layer. So let's say this is EM and this should be embedding. So input and this should be embedding. So input and this should be embedding. So input over here over here over here or the input dimension over here is or the input dimension over here is or the input dimension over here is nothing but vap size. We haven't defined nothing but vap size. We haven't defined nothing but vap size. We haven't defined this vap size. So let's quickly do that. this vap size. So let's quickly do that. this vap size. So let's quickly do that. So vap So vap So vap size this would be nothing but length size this would be nothing but length size this would be nothing but length of vocabularies of vocabularies of vocabularies plus one. The reason why I'm doing plus plus one. The reason why I'm doing plus plus one. The reason why I'm doing plus one is because we also have zeros over one is because we also have zeros over one is because we also have zeros over here, right? And this would be like here, right? And this would be like here, right? And this would be like vocap size if you want to see. And let vocap size if you want to see. And let vocap size if you want to see. And let me execute this. So we have 27, right? me execute this. So we have 27, right? me execute this. So we have 27, right? So 26 are the number of alphabets and So 26 are the number of alphabets and So 26 are the number of alphabets and one is because we have number of zeros. one is because we have number of zeros. one is because we have number of zeros. So we'll pass this as vocap size. Okay. So we'll pass this as vocap size. Okay. So we'll pass this as vocap size. Okay. And now we also going to pass output And now we also going to pass output And now we also going to pass output dimension. So output dimension this is dimension. So output dimension this is dimension. So output dimension this is nothing but you know how many dimensions nothing but you know how many dimensions nothing but you know how many dimensions we want. So now this is going to be we want. So now this is going to be we want. So now this is going to be five. All right. And the input for this five. All right. And the input for this five. All right. And the input for this embedded layer is going to be from inp. embedded layer is going to be from inp. embedded layer is going to be from inp. Okay. And now we are going to have our Okay. And now we are going to have our Okay. And now we are going to have our first LSTM layer. So it's going to be first LSTM layer. So it's going to be first LSTM layer. So it's going to be LSTM LSTM LSTM 1. So this will be LSTM layer. Number of 1. So this will be LSTM layer. Number of 1. So this will be LSTM layer. Number of units we have to define here. So units units we have to define here. So units units we have to define here. So units this is going to be like 32. The units this is going to be like 32. The units this is going to be like 32. The units over here does not represent the number over here does not represent the number over here does not represent the number of boxes. The units over here represent of boxes. The units over here represent of boxes. The units over here represent the A values. Right? So now we have to the A values. Right? So now we have to the A values. Right? So now we have to do return sequence and this is going to do return sequence and this is going to do return sequence and this is going to be true. And the input for this is going be true. And the input for this is going be true. And the input for this is going to be from embedded layer. Then we have to be from embedded layer. Then we have to be from embedded layer. Then we have LSTM second layer. And this is be LSTM LSTM second layer. And this is be LSTM LSTM second layer. And this is be LSTM units we're going to pass. So number of units we're going to pass. So number of units we're going to pass. So number of units that we're going to pass now is units that we're going to pass now is units that we're going to pass now is 64. And now the input for this is going 64. And now the input for this is going 64. And now the input for this is going to be LSTM1. Finally we have an output to be LSTM1. Finally we have an output to be LSTM1. Finally we have an output layer. So at the end right we're going layer. So at the end right we're going layer. So at the end right we're going to have a dense layer. Right? So dense. to have a dense layer. Right? So dense. to have a dense layer. Right? So dense. So number of units or number of neurons So number of units or number of neurons So number of units or number of neurons at the end we are going to have one and at the end we are going to have one and at the end we are going to have one and kind of activation function that I'm kind of activation function that I'm kind of activation function that I'm going to have here is going to be going to have here is going to be going to have here is going to be sigmoid because we have to predict sigmoid because we have to predict sigmoid because we have to predict either it's a male or a female. Okay. So either it's a male or a female. Okay. So either it's a male or a female. Okay. So sigmoid and the input for this is going sigmoid and the input for this is going sigmoid and the input for this is going to be LSTM2. to be LSTM2. to be LSTM2. So finally we have to add this to our So finally we have to add this to our So finally we have to add this to our model. So I'll give it as my model. This model. So I'll give it as my model. This model. So I'll give it as my model. This would be model. So now I have to define would be model. So now I have to define would be model. So now I have to define the inputs. So input ts this is going to the inputs. So input ts this is going to the inputs. So input ts this is going to be inputs. Inputs be inputs. Inputs be inputs. Inputs this is going to be out. Okay. So let me this is going to be out. Okay. So let me this is going to be out. Okay. So let me quickly execute this now. Okay. So we quickly execute this now. Okay. So we quickly execute this now. Okay. So we have this uh error. These provide either have this uh error. These provide either have this uh error. These provide either a shape. Okay. So let's see what's oh a shape. Okay. So let's see what's oh a shape. Okay. So let's see what's oh yeah oh here I've given it a sparse yeah oh here I've given it a sparse yeah oh here I've given it a sparse right. So it's not going to be sparse right. So it's not going to be sparse right. So it's not going to be sparse it's going to be shape. So let me it's going to be shape. So let me it's going to be shape. So let me quickly execute this once again. Okay as quickly execute this once again. Okay as quickly execute this once again. Okay as you can see we have successfully you can see we have successfully you can see we have successfully executed this. And now let's see the executed this. And now let's see the executed this. And now let's see the model lo summary. So as you can see here model lo summary. So as you can see here model lo summary. So as you can see here first off we have input layer. Okay. So first off we have input layer. Okay. So first off we have input layer. Okay. So we can have a number of values but there we can have a number of values but there we can have a number of values but there will be only 10 features. Okay that's 10 will be only 10 features. Okay that's 10 will be only 10 features. Okay that's 10 columns. And then we're going to have columns. And then we're going to have columns. And then we're going to have once you go through this embedding layer once you go through this embedding layer once you go through this embedding layer then you know instead of having 10 you then you know instead of having 10 you then you know instead of having 10 you know instead of having that 1 million or know instead of having that 1 million or know instead of having that 1 million or whatever it is 1.8 million we'll have whatever it is 1.8 million we'll have whatever it is 1.8 million we'll have just 135 parameters. Okay. Similarly just 135 parameters. Okay. Similarly just 135 parameters. Okay. Similarly over here and finally at the dense we over here and finally at the dense we over here and finally at the dense we have 65 parameters and then we have one. have 65 parameters and then we have one. have 65 parameters and then we have one. The reason why we have 65 here just for The reason why we have 65 here just for The reason why we have 65 here just for if you don't know is because 64 plus one if you don't know is because 64 plus one if you don't know is because 64 plus one bias and this would give us 65. Okay. So bias and this would give us 65. Okay. So bias and this would give us 65. Okay. So now finally we going to train our model now finally we going to train our model now finally we going to train our model but before that we have to compile it. but before that we have to compile it. but before that we have to compile it. It's going to be my model dot compile. It's going to be my model dot compile. It's going to be my model dot compile. Okay. So we have to find an optimizer. Okay. So we have to find an optimizer. Okay. So we have to find an optimizer. So optimizer best one that I feel is So optimizer best one that I feel is So optimizer best one that I feel is Adam. Then we have to find the loss. So Adam. Then we have to find the loss. So Adam. Then we have to find the loss. So as we going to use just two predictions as we going to use just two predictions as we going to use just two predictions right is either it's male or female. right is either it's male or female. right is either it's male or female. We'll use binary cross entropy. And then We'll use binary cross entropy. And then We'll use binary cross entropy. And then finally the matrix that we want to use finally the matrix that we want to use finally the matrix that we want to use here is here is here is this will be accuracy. So let me execute this will be accuracy. So let me execute this will be accuracy. So let me execute this now. And finally we are going to this now. And finally we are going to this now. And finally we are going to compile this. So we'll have history. So compile this. So we'll have history. So compile this. So we'll have history. So this will be model.fit. this will be model.fit. this will be model.fit. Okay. And now we're going to pass our Okay. And now we're going to pass our Okay. And now we're going to pass our values. We're going to give X. We're values. We're going to give X. We're values. We're going to give X. We're going to give Y. As you know X is going to give Y. As you know X is going to give Y. As you know X is nothing but the matrix which has a nothing but the matrix which has a nothing but the matrix which has a padding. And Y is nothing but you know padding. And Y is nothing but you know padding. And Y is nothing but you know the other classes. They're telling us the other classes. They're telling us the other classes. They're telling us either it's ones or zeros. And number of either it's ones or zeros. And number of either it's ones or zeros. And number of epochs. epochs. epochs. This is going to be 10. Bat size. As is This is going to be 10. Bat size. As is This is going to be 10. Bat size. As is a pretty huge data set. We going to keep a pretty huge data set. We going to keep a pretty huge data set. We going to keep a pretty high batch size. So I'll give a a pretty high batch size. So I'll give a a pretty high batch size. So I'll give a batch size here as 256. And then finally batch size here as 256. And then finally batch size here as 256. And then finally we need validation split. Okay. It's not we need validation split. Okay. It's not we need validation split. Okay. It's not going to be my model. It's going to be going to be my model. It's going to be going to be my model. It's going to be my model, right? So my model. So finally my model, right? So my model. So finally my model, right? So my model. So finally we going to have validation split here. we going to have validation split here. we going to have validation split here. So let's give it as 20%. So it's going So let's give it as 20%. So it's going So let's give it as 20%. So it's going to be 0.2. to be 0.2. to be 0.2. All right. So finally it's the moment of All right. So finally it's the moment of All right. So finally it's the moment of truth. Let us now execute our code. This truth. Let us now execute our code. This truth. Let us now execute our code. This should take some time to execute. So should take some time to execute. So should take some time to execute. So let's see how this would look like. Okay. So if you can analyze this data Okay. So if you can analyze this data Okay. So if you can analyze this data over here. So as you can see right this over here. So as you can see right this over here. So as you can see right this validation accuracy has to increase and validation accuracy has to increase and validation accuracy has to increase and we cannot see see every time you know if we cannot see see every time you know if we cannot see see every time you know if a model is overfitting the accuracy over a model is overfitting the accuracy over a model is overfitting the accuracy over here will keep on increasing. All right here will keep on increasing. All right here will keep on increasing. All right so the more reliable source over here to so the more reliable source over here to so the more reliable source over here to see is nothing but validation accuracy. see is nothing but validation accuracy. see is nothing but validation accuracy. So if validation accuracy is increasing So if validation accuracy is increasing So if validation accuracy is increasing that means our model is neither that means our model is neither that means our model is neither overfitting nor underfitting. And you overfitting nor underfitting. And you overfitting nor underfitting. And you can also see that we have our validation can also see that we have our validation can also see that we have our validation loss which is kind of decreasing. And loss which is kind of decreasing. And loss which is kind of decreasing. And over here as well we can see the over here as well we can see the over here as well we can see the validation loss. Over here we can see validation loss. Over here we can see validation loss. Over here we can see the loss of a model is decreasing from the loss of a model is decreasing from the loss of a model is decreasing from 60 then 40 then 39 39 and 80 38. So 60 then 40 then 39 39 and 80 38. So 60 then 40 then 39 39 and 80 38. So let's now wait for few more epochs. So let's now wait for few more epochs. So let's now wait for few more epochs. So we have four more to go. we have four more to go. we have four more to go. Okay. So as you can see here you know Okay. So as you can see here you know Okay. So as you can see here you know our validation accuracy has been our validation accuracy has been our validation accuracy has been increasing. So this is a very healthy increasing. So this is a very healthy increasing. So this is a very healthy growth. And even over here our accuracy growth. And even over here our accuracy growth. And even over here our accuracy of a model is also increasing fine and of a model is also increasing fine and of a model is also increasing fine and the loss is decreasing. It's decreased the loss is decreasing. It's decreased the loss is decreasing. It's decreased from 60% to 37%. And over here our from 60% to 37%. And over here our from 60% to 37%. And over here our validation loss decreased from 42% to validation loss decreased from 42% to validation loss decreased from 42% to 36%. So let us now map this like 36%. So let us now map this like 36%. So let us now map this like whatever values we have received. So in whatever values we have received. So in whatever values we have received. So in order to map this we have h you know order to map this we have h you know order to map this we have h you know this model over here retrieves us the this model over here retrieves us the this model over here retrieves us the history function right. So we'll give history function right. So we'll give history function right. So we'll give hist dot history and let me execute hist dot history and let me execute hist dot history and let me execute this. Okay. So now what we're going to this. Okay. So now what we're going to this. Okay. So now what we're going to do is this is nothing but key value do is this is nothing but key value do is this is nothing but key value pairs. So if I put h you know if I give pairs. So if I put h you know if I give pairs. So if I put h you know if I give something like accuracy okay let's plot something like accuracy okay let's plot something like accuracy okay let's plot this so model.plot plot right so plt dot this so model.plot plot right so plt dot this so model.plot plot right so plt dot plot okay we'll have accuracy we'll plot okay we'll have accuracy we'll plot okay we'll have accuracy we'll compare this with respect to accuracy compare this with respect to accuracy compare this with respect to accuracy and then plt dotplot and then plt dotplot and then plt dotplot then we'll have validation accuracy and then we'll have validation accuracy and then we'll have validation accuracy and we want to show this right so plt dot we want to show this right so plt dot we want to show this right so plt dot show so as you can see here okay so just show so as you can see here okay so just show so as you can see here okay so just to give a better analogy let's let's to give a better analogy let's let's to give a better analogy let's let's execute one of these first okay so the execute one of these first okay so the execute one of these first okay so the blue line over here represents the blue line over here represents the blue line over here represents the accuracy of a model and then this is accuracy of a model and then this is accuracy of a model and then this is nothing but the accuracy of our training nothing but the accuracy of our training nothing but the accuracy of our training data right or testing data so as you can data right or testing data so as you can data right or testing data so as you can see our model accuracy isn't decreasing. see our model accuracy isn't decreasing. see our model accuracy isn't decreasing. So it's a very good model and it has So it's a very good model and it has So it's a very good model and it has trained very well. So now coming down to trained very well. So now coming down to trained very well. So now coming down to the moment of truth. So let's now you the moment of truth. So let's now you the moment of truth. So let's now you know take a random name and see whether know take a random name and see whether know take a random name and see whether it can predict whether the name is true it can predict whether the name is true it can predict whether the name is true or false. Okay. So we'll give here as or false. Okay. So we'll give here as or false. Okay. So we'll give here as test name. So let's give something like test name. So let's give something like test name. So let's give something like you know we this would be like name you know we this would be like name you know we this would be like name right? So we'll give name dot lower. And right? So we'll give name dot lower. And right? So we'll give name dot lower. And now we are going to pass the name over now we are going to pass the name over now we are going to pass the name over here. here. here. So this would be let's say Tom. Okay. So So this would be let's say Tom. Okay. So So this would be let's say Tom. Okay. So we have to convert this into letters we have to convert this into letters we have to convert this into letters right? So it will be vocap of I for I in right? So it will be vocap of I for I in right? So it will be vocap of I for I in test name and now we'll give the name test name and now we'll give the name test name and now we'll give the name here as X test. So this would be nothing here as X test. So this would be nothing here as X test. So this would be nothing but we have to pat the sequence pat but we have to pat the sequence pat but we have to pat the sequence pat sequence we'll pass this in a form of a sequence we'll pass this in a form of a sequence we'll pass this in a form of a tuple then this would be sec tuple then this would be sec tuple then this would be sec and then we know that we have to pat 10 and then we know that we have to pat 10 and then we know that we have to pat 10 right and anyways we don't have to say right and anyways we don't have to say right and anyways we don't have to say whether it's pre or post because by whether it's pre or post because by whether it's pre or post because by default it's going to be pre fine so let default it's going to be pre fine so let default it's going to be pre fine so let us now see how our text data would look us now see how our text data would look us now see how our text data would look like. So x test like. So x test like. So x test string attribute has okay oh yeah so I string attribute has okay oh yeah so I string attribute has okay oh yeah so I have done a type over here it's going to have done a type over here it's going to have done a type over here it's going to be l o w e r so let me execute this once be l o w e r so let me execute this once be l o w e r so let me execute this once again so as you can see here we have a again so as you can see here we have a again so as you can see here we have a matrix which has a size of 10 and let's matrix which has a size of 10 and let's matrix which has a size of 10 and let's now see what this would predict so it's now see what this would predict so it's now see what this would predict so it's a moment of truth so y dotpredict a moment of truth so y dotpredict a moment of truth so y dotpredict this will be model dotpredict and I'm this will be model dotpredict and I'm this will be model dotpredict and I'm going to pass here as x test and let's going to pass here as x test and let's going to pass here as x test and let's see what does this predict so we'll give see what does this predict so we'll give see what does this predict so we'll give here as y pred and Yeah, let us execute here as y pred and Yeah, let us execute here as y pred and Yeah, let us execute this. Okay, so we are getting this in a this. Okay, so we are getting this in a this. Okay, so we are getting this in a form of a array. So what this tells us, form of a array. So what this tells us, form of a array. So what this tells us, you know, this tells us that you know you know, this tells us that you know you know, this tells us that you know this is like 70% chances that this name this is like 70% chances that this name this is like 70% chances that this name is Tom. In order to make this, you know, is Tom. In order to make this, you know, is Tom. In order to make this, you know, lay man stuff. So what we going to do is lay man stuff. So what we going to do is lay man stuff. So what we going to do is we'll have if y bread, let me execute we'll have if y bread, let me execute we'll have if y bread, let me execute this first. So let me go down to another this first. So let me go down to another this first. So let me go down to another block. So this would be something like block. So this would be something like block. So this would be something like if y bread is less than 0.5, then we'll if y bread is less than 0.5, then we'll if y bread is less than 0.5, then we'll say the name is female. Okay. Else print name is masculine or name is Else print name is masculine or name is Else print name is masculine or name is or we let let it be male. Okay. So same or we let let it be male. Okay. So same or we let let it be male. Okay. So same thing over here. We just keep it as thing over here. We just keep it as thing over here. We just keep it as male. So let's now see what this thing male. So let's now see what this thing male. So let's now see what this thing predicts. Okay. So this thing predicts a predicts. Okay. So this thing predicts a predicts. Okay. So this thing predicts a male. So let's take another common name. male. So let's take another common name. male. So let's take another common name. Let's take something like let's go to Let's take something like let's go to Let's take something like let's go to Google and see what name can we take. Google and see what name can we take. Google and see what name can we take. Yeah, we can take up something like Yeah, we can take up something like Yeah, we can take up something like Bradpit. Okay. So let's execute this and Bradpit. Okay. So let's execute this and Bradpit. Okay. So let's execute this and let's execute this again and then this. let's execute this again and then this. let's execute this again and then this. So as you can see here this giving me a So as you can see here this giving me a So as you can see here this giving me a male name and let's give a female name male name and let's give a female name male name and let's give a female name over here. Let's give as Mary and let's over here. Let's give as Mary and let's over here. Let's give as Mary and let's see whether this would predict it as see whether this would predict it as see whether this would predict it as male or female. So as you can see it's male or female. So as you can see it's male or female. So as you can see it's female. Now as if you have seen the data female. Now as if you have seen the data female. Now as if you have seen the data set right it says this is the name from set right it says this is the name from set right it says this is the name from the US kids right. What about what will the US kids right. What about what will the US kids right. What about what will happen if I give a Indian based name. So happen if I give a Indian based name. So happen if I give a Indian based name. So let me give Indian based name like let me give Indian based name like let me give Indian based name like Priyanka and let me execute this. It's Priyanka and let me execute this. It's Priyanka and let me execute this. It's giving me a female name, right? So this giving me a female name, right? So this giving me a female name, right? So this is something pretty astonishing, right? is something pretty astonishing, right? is something pretty astonishing, right? So why do you think it gave me a female So why do you think it gave me a female So why do you think it gave me a female name? Well, the reason is because when name? Well, the reason is because when name? Well, the reason is because when we are training this model like RNN we are training this model like RNN we are training this model like RNN using RNN, right? It's not looking at using RNN, right? It's not looking at using RNN, right? It's not looking at the name. It doesn't know whether the the name. It doesn't know whether the the name. It doesn't know whether the name is female or not. But as a matter name is female or not. But as a matter name is female or not. But as a matter of fact, it is looking at the pattern. of fact, it is looking at the pattern. of fact, it is looking at the pattern. Okay? So it might be looking at, you Okay? So it might be looking at, you Okay? So it might be looking at, you know, if the name ends with so and so, know, if the name ends with so and so, know, if the name ends with so and so, it is a female. If the name starts with it is a female. If the name starts with it is a female. If the name starts with this or if a name have something like this or if a name have something like this or if a name have something like this, it means you know it's a female or this, it means you know it's a female or this, it means you know it's a female or a male. So to give you a better analogy, a male. So to give you a better analogy, a male. So to give you a better analogy, let's give something like Julia. let's give something like Julia. let's give something like Julia. So let me execute this. This will give So let me execute this. This will give So let me execute this. This will give me a female, right? So what if I give me a female, right? So what if I give me a female, right? So what if I give something like Janed? something like Janed? something like Janed? This should give it as male. So all it's This should give it as male. So all it's This should give it as male. So all it's trying to do is it's trying to see, you trying to do is it's trying to see, you trying to do is it's trying to see, you know, recognize a pattern. That's why know, recognize a pattern. That's why know, recognize a pattern. That's why it's taking individual words at the same it's taking individual words at the same it's taking individual words at the same time. So this is what makes NLP using time. So this is what makes NLP using time. So this is what makes NLP using LSTM very effective. LSTM very effective. LSTM very effective. All right. So moving ahead, let's see All right. So moving ahead, let's see All right. So moving ahead, let's see some of the LSTM's use cases. You see, some of the LSTM's use cases. You see, some of the LSTM's use cases. You see, LSTM is a very popular deep learning LSTM is a very popular deep learning LSTM is a very popular deep learning algorithm for sequential models. Apple algorithm for sequential models. Apple algorithm for sequential models. Apple Siri and Google's voice search are some Siri and Google's voice search are some Siri and Google's voice search are some of the real world examples that have of the real world examples that have of the real world examples that have used LSTM. And you won't believe it, used LSTM. And you won't believe it, used LSTM. And you won't believe it, LSTM is a success story for those LSTM is a success story for those LSTM is a success story for those algorithm. So let us now have a look and algorithm. So let us now have a look and algorithm. So let us now have a look and see how LSTM changed that technology. see how LSTM changed that technology. see how LSTM changed that technology. Okay. So starting off with Apple in 2003 Okay. So starting off with Apple in 2003 Okay. So starting off with Apple in 2003 Apple was the first major tech company Apple was the first major tech company Apple was the first major tech company to integrate a smart assistance that is to integrate a smart assistance that is to integrate a smart assistance that is Siri into an operating system and the Siri into an operating system and the Siri into an operating system and the Siri was actually an byproduct of some Siri was actually an byproduct of some Siri was actually an byproduct of some other company. So Siri was a company's other company. So Siri was a company's other company. So Siri was a company's adoption of a standalone app that has adoption of a standalone app that has adoption of a standalone app that has been purchased along with the creators been purchased along with the creators been purchased along with the creators who made it. It was somewhere in 2010. who made it. It was somewhere in 2010. who made it. It was somewhere in 2010. The initial reviews about Siri was that The initial reviews about Siri was that The initial reviews about Siri was that it was intense. But over the next few it was intense. But over the next few it was intense. But over the next few months or and years the users became months or and years the users became months or and years the users became more impatient with the shortcomings and more impatient with the shortcomings and more impatient with the shortcomings and all too often it wrongly interpreted all too often it wrongly interpreted all too often it wrongly interpreted commands and then you know no matter commands and then you know no matter commands and then you know no matter what you do there was no fix for it. So what you do there was no fix for it. So what you do there was no fix for it. So this is when Apple move series voice this is when Apple move series voice this is when Apple move series voice recognition to a neural based system. recognition to a neural based system. recognition to a neural based system. Some of the previous technique remain Some of the previous technique remain Some of the previous technique remain operational something like you know operational something like you know operational something like you know applying hidden markoff models but most applying hidden markoff models but most applying hidden markoff models but most of the time you know DNN or deep neural of the time you know DNN or deep neural of the time you know DNN or deep neural network using LSTM was used although network using LSTM was used although network using LSTM was used although people did not find any changes on the people did not find any changes on the people did not find any changes on the outside but from within it was a outside but from within it was a outside but from within it was a supercharged deep learning model supercharged deep learning model supercharged deep learning model speaking about Google's implementation speaking about Google's implementation speaking about Google's implementation Google implemented Google voice search Google implemented Google voice search Google implemented Google voice search somewhere around 2009 Google voice somewhere around 2009 Google voice somewhere around 2009 Google voice transcription had initially used transcription had initially used transcription had initially used something called as gshian matrix model something called as gshian matrix model something called as gshian matrix model this was this was nothing but an this was this was nothing but an this was this was nothing but an acoustic model and this was something acoustic model and this was something acoustic model and this was something considered to be a state-of-the-art considered to be a state-of-the-art considered to be a state-of-the-art speech recognition for almost 30 plus speech recognition for almost 30 plus speech recognition for almost 30 plus years. But it was in 2012 there was a years. But it was in 2012 there was a years. But it was in 2012 there was a boom in deep neural network. And when boom in deep neural network. And when boom in deep neural network. And when Google implemented deep neural network Google implemented deep neural network Google implemented deep neural network that to using multiple layer networks, that to using multiple layer networks, that to using multiple layer networks, there was a huge performance gap. But there was a huge performance gap. But there was a huge performance gap. But things really improved when recurrent things really improved when recurrent things really improved when recurrent neural network especially with LSTM RNN neural network especially with LSTM RNN neural network especially with LSTM RNN first launched on an Android speech first launched on an Android speech first launched on an Android speech recognition in May 2012. Compared to recognition in May 2012. Compared to recognition in May 2012. Compared to deep neural network, LSTM RNN have deep neural network, LSTM RNN have deep neural network, LSTM RNN have additional recurrent connections and additional recurrent connections and additional recurrent connections and memory cell that allows them to remember memory cell that allows them to remember memory cell that allows them to remember the previous data. All right. So moving the previous data. All right. So moving the previous data. All right. So moving ahead to our last topic of our session, ahead to our last topic of our session, ahead to our last topic of our session, let us now see some of the real world let us now see some of the real world let us now see some of the real world applications of LSTM RNN networks. First applications of LSTM RNN networks. First applications of LSTM RNN networks. First off, we can perform name entity off, we can perform name entity off, we can perform name entity recognition. This is something which we recognition. This is something which we recognition. This is something which we did in our previous demo, right? So what did in our previous demo, right? So what did in our previous demo, right? So what is this name entity recognition? You see is this name entity recognition? You see is this name entity recognition? You see name entity recognition is a subtask of name entity recognition is a subtask of name entity recognition is a subtask of information extraction that seeks to information extraction that seeks to information extraction that seeks to locate and classifies name entity locate and classifies name entity locate and classifies name entity mentioned in an unstructured data. Okay. mentioned in an unstructured data. Okay. mentioned in an unstructured data. Okay. Next we have something called as Next we have something called as Next we have something called as sentiment analysis. Sentiment analysis sentiment analysis. Sentiment analysis sentiment analysis. Sentiment analysis is a predictive modeling task where is a predictive modeling task where is a predictive modeling task where model is trained to predict the polarity model is trained to predict the polarity model is trained to predict the polarity of a textual data or sentiments like of a textual data or sentiments like of a textual data or sentiments like positive, neutral or negative. Sentiment positive, neutral or negative. Sentiment positive, neutral or negative. Sentiment analysis is performed by various analysis is performed by various analysis is performed by various businesses to understand their consumers businesses to understand their consumers businesses to understand their consumers behavior towards the product. Then we behavior towards the product. Then we behavior towards the product. Then we have machine translation. The task of have machine translation. The task of have machine translation. The task of machine translation consist of reading machine translation consist of reading machine translation consist of reading text in one language and generating text text in one language and generating text text in one language and generating text in another language. When neural in another language. When neural in another language. When neural networks are used for this task, we talk networks are used for this task, we talk networks are used for this task, we talk about neural machine translation. Within about neural machine translation. Within about neural machine translation. Within neural machine translation, an encoder neural machine translation, an encoder neural machine translation, an encoder decoder structure is quite a popular decoder structure is quite a popular decoder structure is quite a popular LSTM RN architecture. So what we're going to do here is we'll So what we're going to do here is we'll So what we're going to do here is we'll be taking a data set which has images of be taking a data set which has images of be taking a data set which has images of a cat and dog. So important agenda over a cat and dog. So important agenda over a cat and dog. So important agenda over here is not that you know cat and dog here is not that you know cat and dog here is not that you know cat and dog but in order to train a model in such a but in order to train a model in such a but in order to train a model in such a manner that we can take the gradients manner that we can take the gradients manner that we can take the gradients from them and create a feature map on from them and create a feature map on from them and create a feature map on top of it. So what does this feature map top of it. So what does this feature map top of it. So what does this feature map over here mean? So let me quickly take a over here mean? So let me quickly take a over here mean? So let me quickly take a pen here and show you what we're trying pen here and show you what we're trying pen here and show you what we're trying to do here. Let's say we have this image to do here. Let's say we have this image to do here. Let's say we have this image and this image uh let's say this is of a and this image uh let's say this is of a and this image uh let's say this is of a cat. So cat has so and so cone and some cat. So cat has so and so cone and some cat. So cat has so and so cone and some whiskers over here. You see when I train whiskers over here. You see when I train whiskers over here. You see when I train this model my data set over here is this model my data set over here is this model my data set over here is going to have like 25,000 images of a going to have like 25,000 images of a going to have like 25,000 images of a cat and similarly it will be 25,000 cat and similarly it will be 25,000 cat and similarly it will be 25,000 images of a dog. So our model will train images of a dog. So our model will train images of a dog. So our model will train in different different variations. But in different different variations. But in different different variations. But you know when I try to predict this you know when I try to predict this you know when I try to predict this obviously there is going to be a feature obviously there is going to be a feature obviously there is going to be a feature map or let's say gradient that I have map or let's say gradient that I have map or let's say gradient that I have and what this feature map does is and what this feature map does is and what this feature map does is wherever the probability or the pattern wherever the probability or the pattern wherever the probability or the pattern that represents a cat are high we will that represents a cat are high we will that represents a cat are high we will use the feature map or the probability use the feature map or the probability use the feature map or the probability value over there is going to be high. So value over there is going to be high. So value over there is going to be high. So what happens what we're going to do now what happens what we're going to do now what happens what we're going to do now is we'll just change the color. Let me is we'll just change the color. Let me is we'll just change the color. Let me take some red color. Wherever the take some red color. Wherever the take some red color. Wherever the feature that represents cat is there feature that represents cat is there feature that represents cat is there that region would be red in color and that region would be red in color and that region would be red in color and rest of the region you know as it moves rest of the region you know as it moves rest of the region you know as it moves away from the features of cat would away from the features of cat would away from the features of cat would become cold. that is somewhere something become cold. that is somewhere something become cold. that is somewhere something let's say blue over here. So this is let's say blue over here. So this is let's say blue over here. So this is what we're going to do here. First off what we're going to do here. First off what we're going to do here. First off we'll take couple of data set and we'll we'll take couple of data set and we'll we'll take couple of data set and we'll try to train it and then our as the main try to train it and then our as the main try to train it and then our as the main agenda says we are trying to visualize agenda says we are trying to visualize agenda says we are trying to visualize the gradients. Usually people say that the gradients. Usually people say that the gradients. Usually people say that deep learning models are blackbox model deep learning models are blackbox model deep learning models are blackbox model and this is basically we are trying to and this is basically we are trying to and this is basically we are trying to interpret our deep learning model over interpret our deep learning model over interpret our deep learning model over here. So moving ahead let me now quickly here. So moving ahead let me now quickly here. So moving ahead let me now quickly walk you through workflow here. So what walk you through workflow here. So what walk you through workflow here. So what we're going to do first off we're going we're going to do first off we're going we're going to do first off we're going to import our data. I've already loaded to import our data. I've already loaded to import our data. I've already loaded my data to my one drive or Dropbox. And my data to my one drive or Dropbox. And my data to my one drive or Dropbox. And once we load our data, we're going to once we load our data, we're going to once we load our data, we're going to segregate them into cat and dog just so segregate them into cat and dog just so segregate them into cat and dog just so that I can use data generators. And once that I can use data generators. And once that I can use data generators. And once I train my model, I won't be creating my I train my model, I won't be creating my I train my model, I won't be creating my own model here. Instead, what we'll do own model here. Instead, what we'll do own model here. Instead, what we'll do is we'll use some pre-trained model. And is we'll use some pre-trained model. And is we'll use some pre-trained model. And let's take something like inception let's take something like inception let's take something like inception model or VG 19. And finally, we'll have model or VG 19. And finally, we'll have model or VG 19. And finally, we'll have train a model. And then we'll try to train a model. And then we'll try to train a model. And then we'll try to test this up like how well our model is test this up like how well our model is test this up like how well our model is working. And then the next stage what working. And then the next stage what working. And then the next stage what we're going to do is we're going to use we're going to do is we're going to use we're going to do is we're going to use a gratam method to predict or to get a a gratam method to predict or to get a a gratam method to predict or to get a feature map. And this would be in the feature map. And this would be in the feature map. And this would be in the form of a heat map. And finally in the form of a heat map. And finally in the form of a heat map. And finally in the last stage what we'll do is we'll take last stage what we'll do is we'll take last stage what we'll do is we'll take our original image and then we will our original image and then we will our original image and then we will paste or we'll reimburse the heat map on paste or we'll reimburse the heat map on paste or we'll reimburse the heat map on top of this. So in this way we can see top of this. So in this way we can see top of this. So in this way we can see where exactly are or which region is the where exactly are or which region is the where exactly are or which region is the pattern that it recognizes. So let me pattern that it recognizes. So let me pattern that it recognizes. So let me now quickly move ahead and talk about now quickly move ahead and talk about now quickly move ahead and talk about the various tools and frameworks that we the various tools and frameworks that we the various tools and frameworks that we are going to use. So as this is a deep are going to use. So as this is a deep are going to use. So as this is a deep learning model and it requires huge learning model and it requires huge learning model and it requires huge amount of compute power. I'm going to amount of compute power. I'm going to amount of compute power. I'm going to use Google Collab as it gives me a free use Google Collab as it gives me a free use Google Collab as it gives me a free GPU service. And coming down to the GPU service. And coming down to the GPU service. And coming down to the various frameworks that we're going to various frameworks that we're going to various frameworks that we're going to have. First off, we going to use have. First off, we going to use have. First off, we going to use TensorFlow. And apart from that, there TensorFlow. And apart from that, there TensorFlow. And apart from that, there are some generic ones something like are some generic ones something like are some generic ones something like numpy and matt plot lip. All right guys, numpy and matt plot lip. All right guys, numpy and matt plot lip. All right guys, so let us now quickly move to our code so let us now quickly move to our code so let us now quickly move to our code editor and see how we can implement this editor and see how we can implement this editor and see how we can implement this interesting project. As you can see, we interesting project. As you can see, we interesting project. As you can see, we have come to our code editor over here. have come to our code editor over here. have come to our code editor over here. Let me change our runtime. Usually it's Let me change our runtime. Usually it's Let me change our runtime. Usually it's in none. So we'll change this to a GPU in none. So we'll change this to a GPU in none. So we'll change this to a GPU one. And we'll save this. So now what one. And we'll save this. So now what one. And we'll save this. So now what we're going to do is, as you can see, we're going to do is, as you can see, we're going to do is, as you can see, I've already imported couple of lines of I've already imported couple of lines of I've already imported couple of lines of code. So first off I'm going to ignore code. So first off I'm going to ignore code. So first off I'm going to ignore the warning. So this is what I'm going the warning. So this is what I'm going the warning. So this is what I'm going to do here. And then these are the basic to do here. And then these are the basic to do here. And then these are the basic modules usually used for you know modules usually used for you know modules usually used for you know handling the file. So OS with OS we can handling the file. So OS with OS we can handling the file. So OS with OS we can deal with path shuttle basically is used deal with path shuttle basically is used deal with path shuttle basically is used to copy the file from one folder to the to copy the file from one folder to the to copy the file from one folder to the other. And glob over here is we usually other. And glob over here is we usually other. And glob over here is we usually use glob for pattern matching. Let me use glob for pattern matching. Let me use glob for pattern matching. Let me quickly execute this up and we'll go quickly execute this up and we'll go quickly execute this up and we'll go ahead and this is where I have uploaded ahead and this is where I have uploaded ahead and this is where I have uploaded my data set in this particular Dropbox. my data set in this particular Dropbox. my data set in this particular Dropbox. And once I execute this we'll have a zip And once I execute this we'll have a zip And once I execute this we'll have a zip file and we'll use this part to unzip file and we'll use this part to unzip file and we'll use this part to unzip our files. So let me execute this as our files. So let me execute this as our files. So let me execute this as well. This will take a moment or two. So well. This will take a moment or two. So well. This will take a moment or two. So let's wait for some time. let's wait for some time. let's wait for some time. As you can see here we have successfully As you can see here we have successfully As you can see here we have successfully imported our data. So now you can see imported our data. So now you can see imported our data. So now you can see here we have this train folder and let here we have this train folder and let here we have this train folder and let me give a quick refresh. So this is our me give a quick refresh. So this is our me give a quick refresh. So this is our test folder and train folder and this test folder and train folder and this test folder and train folder and this train folder should have the cat and dog train folder should have the cat and dog train folder should have the cat and dog folders. As this is a pretty huge file, folders. As this is a pretty huge file, folders. As this is a pretty huge file, this is going to take quite some time. this is going to take quite some time. this is going to take quite some time. So what we're going to do now is I just So what we're going to do now is I just So what we're going to do now is I just create this variable called as train create this variable called as train create this variable called as train directory and then we have this original directory and then we have this original directory and then we have this original directory. All our images are present as directory. All our images are present as directory. All our images are present as I mentioned in this train folder and I mentioned in this train folder and I mentioned in this train folder and then we have the classes log and cat. So then we have the classes log and cat. So then we have the classes log and cat. So for here what I'm going to do first let for here what I'm going to do first let for here what I'm going to do first let me execute this and move down to our me execute this and move down to our me execute this and move down to our next block. What we're going to do over next block. What we're going to do over next block. What we're going to do over here is for scene classes that is the here is for scene classes that is the here is for scene classes that is the classes here can be cat or dog and we're classes here can be cat or dog and we're classes here can be cat or dog and we're going to create just a path. So this is going to create just a path. So this is going to create just a path. So this is where we're going to use OS. Let me zoom where we're going to use OS. Let me zoom where we're going to use OS. Let me zoom in over here for you guys and let me in over here for you guys and let me in over here for you guys and let me minimize this. So as you can see I'm minimize this. So as you can see I'm minimize this. So as you can see I'm going to create this destination path. going to create this destination path. going to create this destination path. So this would be the extension of this So this would be the extension of this So this would be the extension of this data set. Let me change this to data data set. Let me change this to data data set. Let me change this to data set. Let's execute this. And now what set. Let's execute this. And now what set. Let's execute this. And now what this would do is data set / cat or dog. this would do is data set / cat or dog. this would do is data set / cat or dog. And then if that particular part doesn't And then if that particular part doesn't And then if that particular part doesn't exist then we have to make that diir. exist then we have to make that diir. exist then we have to make that diir. And this part over here basically you And this part over here basically you And this part over here basically you based on the pattern. So the name of the based on the pattern. So the name of the based on the pattern. So the name of the file that we have over here if I can file that we have over here if I can file that we have over here if I can show you here it starts with either cat show you here it starts with either cat show you here it starts with either cat or dog and then we have a serial number. or dog and then we have a serial number. or dog and then we have a serial number. So let's try to look into that at once. So let's try to look into that at once. So let's try to look into that at once. So as there are huge amount of images so So as there are huge amount of images so So as there are huge amount of images so we are unable to see this. So if you we are unable to see this. So if you we are unable to see this. So if you want to see that so what I can do is osd want to see that so what I can do is osd want to see that so what I can do is osd and let me just copy this path. So copy and let me just copy this path. So copy and let me just copy this path. So copy path and add it over here and let me path and add it over here and let me path and add it over here and let me execute this. So as you can see we have execute this. So as you can see we have execute this. So as you can see we have various cats and dog images. And now if various cats and dog images. And now if various cats and dog images. And now if I have to come down here and manually do I have to come down here and manually do I have to come down here and manually do this work without glob, it's obviously this work without glob, it's obviously this work without glob, it's obviously going to take a lot of time for me. So going to take a lot of time for me. So going to take a lot of time for me. So this is what I'm going to do here. So this is what I'm going to do here. So this is what I'm going to do here. So let me execute this part of here. Shift let me execute this part of here. Shift let me execute this part of here. Shift enter. This will obviously take quite enter. This will obviously take quite enter. This will obviously take quite time. And yeah, it's done. So let me time. And yeah, it's done. So let me time. And yeah, it's done. So let me refresh this. We should have this new refresh this. We should have this new refresh this. We should have this new folder that we have created data set. folder that we have created data set. folder that we have created data set. And within this data set, I should have And within this data set, I should have And within this data set, I should have cat and dog. And this folder will have cat and dog. And this folder will have cat and dog. And this folder will have images only of a cat. And this will have images only of a cat. And this will have images only of a cat. And this will have images only of a dog. Now that we have images only of a dog. Now that we have images only of a dog. Now that we have our data set ready, we can use data our data set ready, we can use data our data set ready, we can use data generator and we can easily you know generator and we can easily you know generator and we can easily you know pre-process our data and also add that pre-process our data and also add that pre-process our data and also add that to our model. So now what we'll do here to our model. So now what we'll do here to our model. So now what we'll do here we'll try to first build our model and we'll try to first build our model and we'll try to first build our model and then we'll pass our image to pre-process then we'll pass our image to pre-process then we'll pass our image to pre-process it. So let me give a comment. So before it. So let me give a comment. So before it. So let me give a comment. So before that let me zoom in a bit over here and that let me zoom in a bit over here and that let me zoom in a bit over here and let me give a comment. So let's say let me give a comment. So let's say let me give a comment. So let's say building a model. So for this we will be building a model. So for this we will be building a model. So for this we will be using couple of libraries. Let's say using couple of libraries. Let's say using couple of libraries. Let's say import numpy as np. Then we have import import numpy as np. Then we have import import numpy as np. Then we have import mattplot lib spldt. We can also get some mattplot lib spldt. We can also get some mattplot lib spldt. We can also get some import pandas. These are the generic import pandas. These are the generic import pandas. These are the generic ones uh speedd. And now let's import ones uh speedd. And now let's import ones uh speedd. And now let's import something which is more specific to our something which is more specific to our something which is more specific to our model. So over here what I'm going to do model. So over here what I'm going to do model. So over here what I'm going to do is from tf that is tensorflow. First off is from tf that is tensorflow. First off is from tf that is tensorflow. First off let's import tensorflow. import let's import tensorflow. import let's import tensorflow. import tensorflow as tf. And now what we'll do tensorflow as tf. And now what we'll do tensorflow as tf. And now what we'll do from tensorflow or that is tf dot keras from tensorflow or that is tf dot keras from tensorflow or that is tf dot keras dot layers import as we're going to use dot layers import as we're going to use dot layers import as we're going to use just the pre-trained model so we'll have just the pre-trained model so we'll have just the pre-trained model so we'll have to use just two that is going to be to use just two that is going to be to use just two that is going to be dense dense layer would be for dense dense layer would be for dense dense layer would be for classification and then we can also use flatten and as and then we can also use flatten and as and then we can also use flatten and as of now we'll just ignore this of now we'll just ignore this of now we'll just ignore this tensorflow. So first off we have got the tensorflow. So first off we have got the tensorflow. So first off we have got the layers now we'll import the model. So layers now we'll import the model. So layers now we'll import the model. So from kas from kas from kas dot models import model. This is dot models import model. This is dot models import model. This is basically functional API. So we have two basically functional API. So we have two basically functional API. So we have two options usually that is sequential or options usually that is sequential or options usually that is sequential or functional API. And to get a functional functional API. And to get a functional functional API. And to get a functional API we use the model. So moving on to API we use the model. So moving on to API we use the model. So moving on to the next one. Let's get a pretend model. the next one. Let's get a pretend model. the next one. Let's get a pretend model. So we have kas dot applications dot So we have kas dot applications dot So we have kas dot applications dot let's see which one we can take. We have let's see which one we can take. We have let's see which one we can take. We have densenet. We have inception reset v2. densenet. We have inception reset v2. densenet. We have inception reset v2. Let's take something new. So let's take Let's take something new. So let's take Let's take something new. So let's take inception v3 and let's import. Let's see inception v3 and let's import. Let's see inception v3 and let's import. Let's see what we have over here. So we have what we have over here. So we have what we have over here. So we have inception v3. We have that. So we'll get inception v3. We have that. So we'll get inception v3. We have that. So we'll get that up. Then we have to you know get that up. Then we have to you know get that up. Then we have to you know get the pre-processing as well. Right. So the pre-processing as well. Right. So the pre-processing as well. Right. So pre-process input. And yeah this should pre-process input. And yeah this should pre-process input. And yeah this should be it. And finally moving on to getting be it. And finally moving on to getting be it. And finally moving on to getting our image. So from kas dot our image. So from kas dot our image. So from kas dot pre-processing dot image import. Let's pre-processing dot image import. Let's pre-processing dot image import. Let's see what we have. So we have to get our see what we have. So we have to get our see what we have. So we have to get our image data generator over here. So this image data generator over here. So this image data generator over here. So this should be it and just for the generic should be it and just for the generic should be it and just for the generic sake I'm also going to import keras. So sake I'm also going to import keras. So sake I'm also going to import keras. So now we are done. These are the libraries now we are done. These are the libraries now we are done. These are the libraries that we would need for building a model that we would need for building a model that we would need for building a model and these are the ones that are true and these are the ones that are true and these are the ones that are true generic. So now that we have executed generic. So now that we have executed generic. So now that we have executed this let's now quickly go ahead and this let's now quickly go ahead and this let's now quickly go ahead and build a model. So this thing happens in build a model. So this thing happens in build a model. So this thing happens in two stages. Let me quickly show you two stages. Let me quickly show you two stages. Let me quickly show you that. As you all know first off we are that. As you all know first off we are that. As you all know first off we are going to build a base model and this going to build a base model and this going to build a base model and this base model would be our inception v3. base model would be our inception v3. base model would be our inception v3. Whatever outputs I have of inception v3 Whatever outputs I have of inception v3 Whatever outputs I have of inception v3 I'm going to add this to my flatten I'm going to add this to my flatten I'm going to add this to my flatten layer. And then back to our deep neural layer. And then back to our deep neural layer. And then back to our deep neural networks. So and over here we are not networks. So and over here we are not networks. So and over here we are not going to train the weights. So for every going to train the weights. So for every going to train the weights. So for every layer we are going to see that no layer we are going to see that no layer we are going to see that no trainable is equal to false. And this is trainable is equal to false. And this is trainable is equal to false. And this is how it's going to work. And this model how it's going to work. And this model how it's going to work. And this model that we have will be our final model that we have will be our final model that we have will be our final model which we'll give name as model. So let's which we'll give name as model. So let's which we'll give name as model. So let's now quickly do that. So we'll give the now quickly do that. So we'll give the now quickly do that. So we'll give the base model. And what we'll do is we'll base model. And what we'll do is we'll base model. And what we'll do is we'll call the inception v3. Now we're going call the inception v3. Now we're going call the inception v3. Now we're going to provide the input shape of our image. to provide the input shape of our image. to provide the input shape of our image. So input shape let's say 256 comma 256A So input shape let's say 256 comma 256A So input shape let's say 256 comma 256A 3 as you all know it's for the channel 3 as you all know it's for the channel 3 as you all know it's for the channel and then we have include top that is and then we have include top that is and then we have include top that is false and this is all there is we have false and this is all there is we have false and this is all there is we have to do to get our model let me execute to do to get our model let me execute to do to get our model let me execute this now this is going to you know make this now this is going to you know make this now this is going to you know make sure you're connected to the internet sure you're connected to the internet sure you're connected to the internet because this is going to download because this is going to download because this is going to download inception v3 once this is done as I inception v3 once this is done as I inception v3 once this is done as I mentioned earlier we are not going to mentioned earlier we are not going to mentioned earlier we are not going to train any layers over here so for this train any layers over here so for this train any layers over here so for this what I'm going to do for layer in base what I'm going to do for layer in base what I'm going to do for layer in base model dot layers and layer. And now we execute this. Yeah, now that And now we execute this. Yeah, now that And now we execute this. Yeah, now that we are done, what we're going to do now, we are done, what we're going to do now, we are done, what we're going to do now, whatever is the output of our base whatever is the output of our base whatever is the output of our base model, we're going to take that and add model, we're going to take that and add model, we're going to take that and add that to our actual model. So for that, that to our actual model. So for that, that to our actual model. So for that, we'll let's say we're going to use we'll let's say we're going to use we'll let's say we're going to use functional API. So let's say X is one functional API. So let's say X is one functional API. So let's say X is one variable and we're going to flatten variable and we're going to flatten variable and we're going to flatten this. And obviously we're supposed to this. And obviously we're supposed to this. And obviously we're supposed to give the input for this. Now, for the give the input for this. Now, for the give the input for this. Now, for the input for this is going to be base input for this is going to be base input for this is going to be base model.output. output and again we'll model.output. output and again we'll model.output. output and again we'll have X. So over here we're going to give have X. So over here we're going to give have X. So over here we're going to give a dense layer and as we have number of a dense layer and as we have number of a dense layer and as we have number of classes as two so our units over here classes as two so our units over here classes as two so our units over here will also be two. Activation that I'm will also be two. Activation that I'm will also be two. Activation that I'm going to use is going to be sigmoid going to use is going to be sigmoid going to use is going to be sigmoid and the input for this is going to be X. and the input for this is going to be X. and the input for this is going to be X. This part is going to be the input for This part is going to be the input for This part is going to be the input for this. And finally let's create a model. this. And finally let's create a model. this. And finally let's create a model. So we'll give the name here as model and So we'll give the name here as model and So we'll give the name here as model and we'll say model and just give the inputs we'll say model and just give the inputs we'll say model and just give the inputs and outputs. So base model dot input and and outputs. So base model dot input and and outputs. So base model dot input and finally we have our X parameter. And now finally we have our X parameter. And now finally we have our X parameter. And now let's try to see model summary. But let's try to see model summary. But let's try to see model summary. But before that let's compile our model. before that let's compile our model. before that let's compile our model. And here we're going to give couple of And here we're going to give couple of And here we're going to give couple of parameters. We have optimizer. The parameters. We have optimizer. The parameters. We have optimizer. The optimizer I'm going to use is Adam. And optimizer I'm going to use is Adam. And optimizer I'm going to use is Adam. And then we have loss. Let's say we're going then we have loss. Let's say we're going then we have loss. Let's say we're going to use binary cross entropy. So we have to use binary cross entropy. So we have to use binary cross entropy. So we have KAS dot losses binary cross entropy. And KAS dot losses binary cross entropy. And KAS dot losses binary cross entropy. And then we also have metrics here and we then we also have metrics here and we then we also have metrics here and we are going to provide the metrics to be are going to provide the metrics to be are going to provide the metrics to be accuracy. And now let's see the summary accuracy. And now let's see the summary accuracy. And now let's see the summary of this. of this. of this. So for this model dot summary and let's So for this model dot summary and let's So for this model dot summary and let's execute this. So as you can see this is execute this. So as you can see this is execute this. So as you can see this is going to be a pretty huge model and going to be a pretty huge model and going to be a pretty huge model and although it's not necessary for us to although it's not necessary for us to although it's not necessary for us to use such a complicated model on such a use such a complicated model on such a use such a complicated model on such a simple data set but you know we are just simple data set but you know we are just simple data set but you know we are just trying to see what's going to happen trying to see what's going to happen trying to see what's going to happen right. So this is something new that right. So this is something new that right. So this is something new that we're trying to do here. So this is the we're trying to do here. So this is the we're trying to do here. So this is the input layer. As you can see it's 256A input layer. As you can see it's 256A input layer. As you can see it's 256A 256A 3. And finally we are going to take 256A 3. And finally we are going to take 256A 3. And finally we are going to take the outputs. Let's see how our output the outputs. Let's see how our output the outputs. Let's see how our output over here looks like. This definitely over here looks like. This definitely over here looks like. This definitely has huge amount of layers. So as you can has huge amount of layers. So as you can has huge amount of layers. So as you can see here this is our activation see here this is our activation see here this is our activation function. Then we have mix 10 function. Then we have mix 10 function. Then we have mix 10 concatenate and finally we are trying to concatenate and finally we are trying to concatenate and finally we are trying to add this right. So flatten and then add this right. So flatten and then add this right. So flatten and then finally we have dense layer which has finally we have dense layer which has finally we have dense layer which has two outputs. Looks great. No. So now two outputs. Looks great. No. So now two outputs. Looks great. No. So now what we're going to do in our next stage what we're going to do in our next stage what we're going to do in our next stage we are going to pre-process our image. we are going to pre-process our image. we are going to pre-process our image. that is pre-process our data using data that is pre-process our data using data that is pre-process our data using data generators. generators. generators. So we just going to use training data So we just going to use training data So we just going to use training data generator. So let's say train generator. So let's say train generator. So let's say train data gen over here we are going to have data gen over here we are going to have data gen over here we are going to have image data generator. So couple of image data generator. So couple of image data generator. So couple of things we can add all of these values things we can add all of these values things we can add all of these values here. So let's now start adding all of here. So let's now start adding all of here. So let's now start adding all of these values and the more the number of these values and the more the number of these values and the more the number of values I add it's like I'm adding more values I add it's like I'm adding more values I add it's like I'm adding more number of dimensions. So let's now get number of dimensions. So let's now get number of dimensions. So let's now get started. So let's say feature center uh started. So let's say feature center uh started. So let's say feature center uh we can set this to true and then we have we can set this to true and then we have we can set this to true and then we have stepwise center let's ignore that we can stepwise center let's ignore that we can stepwise center let's ignore that we can add this rotation range this is you know add this rotation range this is you know add this rotation range this is you know how much our image builds so let's say how much our image builds so let's say how much our image builds so let's say 0.5 or let's say 0.4 four and then we 0.5 or let's say 0.4 four and then we 0.5 or let's say 0.4 four and then we have width shift. Let's give this as have width shift. Let's give this as have width shift. Let's give this as 0.3. 0.3. 0.3. But then we'll do horizontal flip. Let's But then we'll do horizontal flip. Let's But then we'll do horizontal flip. Let's say true. And we also going to add a say true. And we also going to add a say true. And we also going to add a pre-processing function which is pretty pre-processing function which is pretty pre-processing function which is pretty important. The reason is because as we important. The reason is because as we important. The reason is because as we using this inception model so this model using this inception model so this model using this inception model so this model trained on certain data set. So we are trained on certain data set. So we are trained on certain data set. So we are just going to provide that as well. And just going to provide that as well. And just going to provide that as well. And let me quickly see what that's going to let me quickly see what that's going to let me quickly see what that's going to be. So that's going to be this part be. So that's going to be this part be. So that's going to be this part pre-process input. So let me scroll down pre-process input. So let me scroll down pre-process input. So let me scroll down for this. Let's add pre-process input for this. Let's add pre-process input for this. Let's add pre-process input and then let's say vertical flip. It's and then let's say vertical flip. It's and then let's say vertical flip. It's totally up to you. We don't have to totally up to you. We don't have to totally up to you. We don't have to rescale over here. The reason is because rescale over here. The reason is because rescale over here. The reason is because anyways we passing this through a anyways we passing this through a anyways we passing this through a pre-processing function. So we don't pre-processing function. So we don't pre-processing function. So we don't need to do that. And then let's see need to do that. And then let's see need to do that. And then let's see something else. We can add this zoom something else. We can add this zoom something else. We can add this zoom range. Let's say zoom range to be 0.4. range. Let's say zoom range to be 0.4. range. Let's say zoom range to be 0.4. Similarly, we can also add some more Similarly, we can also add some more Similarly, we can also add some more values. Let's say something like sheer values. Let's say something like sheer values. Let's say something like sheer range 0.4 range 0.4 range 0.4 and I think this should be fine. So what and I think this should be fine. So what and I think this should be fine. So what I'll do is just for the simplicity sake I'll do is just for the simplicity sake I'll do is just for the simplicity sake let's try to add this one below the let's try to add this one below the let's try to add this one below the other just so that it looks good right. other just so that it looks good right. other just so that it looks good right. So So So so we have added this data generator. As so we have added this data generator. As so we have added this data generator. As you can see we have added couple of you can see we have added couple of you can see we have added couple of dimensions and we'll execute this now. dimensions and we'll execute this now. dimensions and we'll execute this now. So now finally to this we have one more So now finally to this we have one more So now finally to this we have one more step that is let's say train data. We'll step that is let's say train data. We'll step that is let's say train data. We'll give this name and this is going to be give this name and this is going to be give this name and this is going to be train data gen with the function flow train data gen with the function flow train data gen with the function flow from directory and we just going to pass from directory and we just going to pass from directory and we just going to pass a directory name and let's come back a directory name and let's come back a directory name and let's come back here and this is going to be our here and this is going to be our here and this is going to be our directory. So we'll copy the path and directory. So we'll copy the path and directory. So we'll copy the path and now we'll give directory name over here. now we'll give directory name over here. now we'll give directory name over here. Then obviously we need a target size. So Then obviously we need a target size. So Then obviously we need a target size. So as I mentioned earlier it's going to be as I mentioned earlier it's going to be as I mentioned earlier it's going to be 256A 256. 256A 256. 256A 256. This should be similar to what we have This should be similar to what we have This should be similar to what we have provided or else your model will throw provided or else your model will throw provided or else your model will throw an error. And then as it's a pretty huge an error. And then as it's a pretty huge an error. And then as it's a pretty huge amount of data, we are going to pass amount of data, we are going to pass amount of data, we are going to pass some bat size as well. So let's say bat some bat size as well. So let's say bat some bat size as well. So let's say bat size to be 36. And let me do the same size to be 36. And let me do the same size to be 36. And let me do the same thing here. Let me put this one below thing here. Let me put this one below thing here. Let me put this one below the other. So we are done with this. And the other. So we are done with this. And the other. So we are done with this. And let's try executing this from now. So as let's try executing this from now. So as let's try executing this from now. So as you can see here we have 25,000 images you can see here we have 25,000 images you can see here we have 25,000 images which belong to this class. And each which belong to this class. And each which belong to this class. And each class has 25,000 image. So if you want class has 25,000 image. So if you want class has 25,000 image. So if you want to see what is the index value which we to see what is the index value which we to see what is the index value which we have let's say train data dot index. Now have let's say train data dot index. Now have let's say train data dot index. Now you can see zero here represents cat and you can see zero here represents cat and you can see zero here represents cat and one here represents the dog. So this is one here represents the dog. So this is one here represents the dog. So this is great. Now finally what we're going to great. Now finally what we're going to great. Now finally what we're going to do is we're going to train our data. do is we're going to train our data. do is we're going to train our data. Before that let's add a model Before that let's add a model Before that let's add a model checkpoint. So let me give checkpoint. checkpoint. So let me give checkpoint. checkpoint. So let me give checkpoint. So before we move ahead for model So before we move ahead for model So before we move ahead for model checkpoint I'm pretty sure now you might checkpoint I'm pretty sure now you might checkpoint I'm pretty sure now you might be wondering how does this data would be wondering how does this data would be wondering how does this data would look like. So let me quickly show you look like. So let me quickly show you look like. So let me quickly show you that as well. So before we go ahead let that as well. So before we go ahead let that as well. So before we go ahead let me add that as well. So visualizing the me add that as well. So visualizing the me add that as well. So visualizing the data right and let's see how this would data right and let's see how this would data right and let's see how this would look like. So for this first off we have look like. So for this first off we have look like. So for this first off we have this function that is train data do this function that is train data do this function that is train data do next. This returns two things. One is next. This returns two things. One is next. This returns two things. One is the image and the label. So we have the image and the label. So we have the image and the label. So we have train image and then we have label. train image and then we have label. train image and then we have label. Although label isn't that important but Although label isn't that important but Although label isn't that important but yeah let's add them up. So if I just see yeah let's add them up. So if I just see yeah let's add them up. So if I just see train t image this is basically you know train t image this is basically you know train t image this is basically you know all the images that we have. Now we'll all the images that we have. Now we'll all the images that we have. Now we'll pass them one another like one after the pass them one another like one after the pass them one another like one after the other and let's see how that would look other and let's see how that would look other and let's see how that would look like. But before that let me see the like. But before that let me see the like. But before that let me see the shape. So as you can see here we have shape. So as you can see here we have shape. So as you can see here we have 36. If you're wondering why we have 36 36. If you're wondering why we have 36 36. If you're wondering why we have 36 that's the batch size that we have given that's the batch size that we have given that's the batch size that we have given here and 26 256 256 is the size and here and 26 256 256 is the size and here and 26 256 256 is the size and three is the number of channel. Instead three is the number of channel. Instead three is the number of channel. Instead of 36 we can also give batch size as 64. of 36 we can also give batch size as 64. of 36 we can also give batch size as 64. Let's increase the number of images. And Let's increase the number of images. And Let's increase the number of images. And now you can see our value here changes now you can see our value here changes now you can see our value here changes from 36 to 64. from 36 to 64. from 36 to 64. And now let's try to plot the images. And now let's try to plot the images. And now let's try to plot the images. For this we'll create a function. Let's For this we'll create a function. Let's For this we'll create a function. Let's say def plot image. And we are going to say def plot image. And we are going to say def plot image. And we are going to pass image array and then label. Let me pass image array and then label. Let me pass image array and then label. Let me tell you what this thing gives. So let tell you what this thing gives. So let tell you what this thing gives. So let me give a comment here. So the input me give a comment here. So the input me give a comment here. So the input here would be array of images. Right? So here would be array of images. Right? So here would be array of images. Right? So image array that is going to be t image image array that is going to be t image image array that is going to be t image and output we going to plot the images. and output we going to plot the images. and output we going to plot the images. So now what we'll do for i in image So now what we'll do for i in image So now what we'll do for i in image array right? So image array and what array right? So image array and what array right? So image array and what we'll do here if I try to do this all we'll do here if I try to do this all we'll do here if I try to do this all the 64 images should get printed out. So the 64 images should get printed out. So the 64 images should get printed out. So I don't want that. We'll add a function I don't want that. We'll add a function I don't want that. We'll add a function here called as enumerate and with this I here called as enumerate and with this I here called as enumerate and with this I can also get the index over here. What can also get the index over here. What can also get the index over here. What we'll do we'll give a name here as we'll do we'll give a name here as we'll do we'll give a name here as image. Index will be idx and then image image. Index will be idx and then image image. Index will be idx and then image img. Uh this looks great. And what we'll img. Uh this looks great. And what we'll img. Uh this looks great. And what we'll do here is we'll just print for the top do here is we'll just print for the top do here is we'll just print for the top five. So if index is less than or equal five. So if index is less than or equal five. So if index is less than or equal to let's say we want 10 images. So if to let's say we want 10 images. So if to let's say we want 10 images. So if this is the case then we'll have plt dot this is the case then we'll have plt dot this is the case then we'll have plt dot figure figure figure and here we're going to pass figure size and here we're going to pass figure size and here we're going to pass figure size let's say 5 + 5. Then we have plt dot im let's say 5 + 5. Then we have plt dot im let's say 5 + 5. Then we have plt dot im show. show. show. We're going to pass image here img. And We're going to pass image here img. And We're going to pass image here img. And the title for this would be plt.title the title for this would be plt.title the title for this would be plt.title the size of our image. Let's say the the size of our image. Let's say the the size of our image. Let's say the size over here that's going to be shape. size over here that's going to be shape. size over here that's going to be shape. And finally plt dot show. We can turn And finally plt dot show. We can turn And finally plt dot show. We can turn off the axis. off the axis. off the axis. PLT do.axis PLT do.axis PLT do.axis uh this can be false. And let's execute uh this can be false. And let's execute uh this can be false. And let's execute this. So now all we need to do is pass this. So now all we need to do is pass this. So now all we need to do is pass this image over here. So let me copy this image over here. So let me copy this image over here. So let me copy this and add a code. And all we need to this and add a code. And all we need to this and add a code. And all we need to do is pass this part here image. So do is pass this part here image. So do is pass this part here image. So let's quickly do that and let's execute let's quickly do that and let's execute let's quickly do that and let's execute this. So as you can see we have images this. So as you can see we have images this. So as you can see we have images of cats and dogs and obviously this data of cats and dogs and obviously this data of cats and dogs and obviously this data has pre-processed all of these are has pre-processed all of these are has pre-processed all of these are pre-processed images and this is how it pre-processed images and this is how it pre-processed images and this is how it works. Now if you want to increase the works. Now if you want to increase the works. Now if you want to increase the number of image you can definitely do number of image you can definitely do number of image you can definitely do that. Let's try adding label. So instead that. Let's try adding label. So instead that. Let's try adding label. So instead of this let's also add label. If I want of this let's also add label. If I want of this let's also add label. If I want to add label then I can add you know one to add label then I can add you know one to add label then I can add you know one more value but let it be for now. So now more value but let it be for now. So now more value but let it be for now. So now what we'll do can just turn off the what we'll do can just turn off the what we'll do can just turn off the axis. That's done. Yeah. So this is all axis. That's done. Yeah. So this is all axis. That's done. Yeah. So this is all that we can do over here and let's now that we can do over here and let's now that we can do over here and let's now move ahead and let's try to create our move ahead and let's try to create our move ahead and let's try to create our model or train our model. So let's do model or train our model. So let's do model or train our model. So let's do that. So that is from kas dot callbacks that. So that is from kas dot callbacks that. So that is from kas dot callbacks import model checkpoint and early import model checkpoint and early import model checkpoint and early stopping. And now we'll just create a stopping. And now we'll just create a stopping. And now we'll just create a class instance of this. So for model class instance of this. So for model class instance of this. So for model checkpoint it's going to be MC and we checkpoint it's going to be MC and we checkpoint it's going to be MC and we have model checkpoint. So let's see what have model checkpoint. So let's see what have model checkpoint. So let's see what are the different parameters. First off are the different parameters. First off are the different parameters. First off we have file path. You know this is we have file path. You know this is we have file path. You know this is where our best file is going to be where our best file is going to be where our best file is going to be saved. So we'll say best model is going saved. So we'll say best model is going saved. So we'll say best model is going to be saved here as best model H5. So to be saved here as best model H5. So to be saved here as best model H5. So this is great. Then we have to monitor this is great. Then we have to monitor this is great. Then we have to monitor validation accuracy. validation accuracy. validation accuracy. And apart from that we have verbose. We And apart from that we have verbose. We And apart from that we have verbose. We want to see what's happening. So we'll want to see what's happening. So we'll want to see what's happening. So we'll say verbose is equal to one. Save the say verbose is equal to one. Save the say verbose is equal to one. Save the best file or save best only. This would best file or save best only. This would best file or save best only. This would be true. And yes. So this is fine. Let be true. And yes. So this is fine. Let be true. And yes. So this is fine. Let me just rearrange all of these just for me just rearrange all of these just for me just rearrange all of these just for better aesthetics. better aesthetics. better aesthetics. So we're done with model checkpoint and So we're done with model checkpoint and So we're done with model checkpoint and now we'll come down to early stopping now we'll come down to early stopping now we'll come down to early stopping and we're going to say EC or ES early and we're going to say EC or ES early and we're going to say EC or ES early stopping. So over here as well we are stopping. So over here as well we are stopping. So over here as well we are going to see what we're going to going to see what we're going to going to see what we're going to monitor. So monitor validation accuracy monitor. So monitor validation accuracy monitor. So monitor validation accuracy and then we have minimum delta. So here and then we have minimum delta. So here and then we have minimum delta. So here I'm going to keep a big value as our I'm going to keep a big value as our I'm going to keep a big value as our model is bit complicated. What we'll do model is bit complicated. What we'll do model is bit complicated. What we'll do is instead of a big value let's take up is instead of a big value let's take up is instead of a big value let's take up a narrower value 0.01. Then we can have a narrower value 0.01. Then we can have a narrower value 0.01. Then we can have patience. That is the number of times it patience. That is the number of times it patience. That is the number of times it should wait. So it's going to be five. should wait. So it's going to be five. should wait. So it's going to be five. Same here. We're going to have verbose Same here. We're going to have verbose Same here. We're going to have verbose should be one. And mode obviously is should be one. And mode obviously is should be one. And mode obviously is auto. So this should be fine. So now auto. So this should be fine. So now auto. So this should be fine. So now let's try to fix this up. Let's align let's try to fix this up. Let's align let's try to fix this up. Let's align this. And we'll put all of these in an this. And we'll put all of these in an this. And we'll put all of these in an array. So it be CV that's callbacks. And array. So it be CV that's callbacks. And array. So it be CV that's callbacks. And we'll have model checkpoint and early we'll have model checkpoint and early we'll have model checkpoint and early stopping. And we execute this. And we're stopping. And we execute this. And we're stopping. And we execute this. And we're done. So finally what we'll do we're done. So finally what we'll do we're done. So finally what we'll do we're going to train a model. Model returns going to train a model. Model returns going to train a model. Model returns factor over here called as history. So factor over here called as history. So factor over here called as history. So this is going to be HIS and then we have this is going to be HIS and then we have this is going to be HIS and then we have model train or it's going to be fits. So model train or it's going to be fits. So model train or it's going to be fits. So fit generator. So now we'll do we have fit generator. So now we'll do we have fit generator. So now we'll do we have to pass the generator. We have test to pass the generator. We have test to pass the generator. We have test generator right? So we have test data generator right? So we have test data generator right? So we have test data it's going to be train data and then we it's going to be train data and then we it's going to be train data and then we have steps per epoch. Let's say we're have steps per epoch. Let's say we're have steps per epoch. Let's say we're going to give steps per epoch over here going to give steps per epoch over here going to give steps per epoch over here as 10. then number of epochs that I want as 10. then number of epochs that I want as 10. then number of epochs that I want to follow we can give 30 or any number to follow we can give 30 or any number to follow we can give 30 or any number 300 or whatever because as we have call 300 or whatever because as we have call 300 or whatever because as we have call backs so once we know that model has backs so once we know that model has backs so once we know that model has trained properly we don't have to worry trained properly we don't have to worry trained properly we don't have to worry about it and then we'll also pass call about it and then we'll also pass call about it and then we'll also pass call backs call backs will be CB this looks backs call backs will be CB this looks backs call backs will be CB this looks great and let's try to execute this now great and let's try to execute this now great and let's try to execute this now make sure your runtime is in GPU or else make sure your runtime is in GPU or else make sure your runtime is in GPU or else it's definitely going to take quite a it's definitely going to take quite a it's definitely going to take quite a lot of time to train your CNN model lot of time to train your CNN model lot of time to train your CNN model meanwhile that is training let me just meanwhile that is training let me just meanwhile that is training let me just give a proper alignment give a proper alignment give a proper alignment And yes, this should be fine. So as you can see here we have done a So as you can see here we have done a So as you can see here we have done a small mistake. So although the model has small mistake. So although the model has small mistake. So although the model has trained perfectly fine but the issue is trained perfectly fine but the issue is trained perfectly fine but the issue is that our model checkpoint didn't work that our model checkpoint didn't work that our model checkpoint didn't work and the reason for this is because I had and the reason for this is because I had and the reason for this is because I had done a small typo. So what we're going done a small typo. So what we're going done a small typo. So what we're going to do here is let me quickly take this to do here is let me quickly take this to do here is let me quickly take this up validation accuracy and let me come up validation accuracy and let me come up validation accuracy and let me come back here and let me fix this up and let back here and let me fix this up and let back here and let me fix this up and let me do the same over here. What happens me do the same over here. What happens me do the same over here. What happens over here is if I don't try to do this over here is if I don't try to do this over here is if I don't try to do this our model might end up overfitting. Let our model might end up overfitting. Let our model might end up overfitting. Let me do a cross check here once again. So me do a cross check here once again. So me do a cross check here once again. So we don't have validation accuracy here we don't have validation accuracy here we don't have validation accuracy here right? So that's why it's not working. right? So that's why it's not working. right? So that's why it's not working. So what we'll do we'll just take up So what we'll do we'll just take up So what we'll do we'll just take up accuracy and add it over here. accuracy and add it over here. accuracy and add it over here. So one more thing keep in mind if I try So one more thing keep in mind if I try So one more thing keep in mind if I try to rerun this and this block again. So to rerun this and this block again. So to rerun this and this block again. So what happens is my model will start what happens is my model will start what happens is my model will start training from here because everything is training from here because everything is training from here because everything is saved. So if you want to retrain your saved. So if you want to retrain your saved. So if you want to retrain your model all you need to do is just go back model all you need to do is just go back model all you need to do is just go back on the top go to the place where you on the top go to the place where you on the top go to the place where you have initialized your model that's over have initialized your model that's over have initialized your model that's over here. And once you come here we'll just here. And once you come here we'll just here. And once you come here we'll just try to run all of these once again. So try to run all of these once again. So try to run all of these once again. So this is the part where we have to rerun. this is the part where we have to rerun. this is the part where we have to rerun. And once this is done, now all we're And once this is done, now all we're And once this is done, now all we're going to do is come back to this model going to do is come back to this model going to do is come back to this model checkpoint. We'll run this and this as checkpoint. We'll run this and this as checkpoint. We'll run this and this as well. So now instead of going through well. So now instead of going through well. So now instead of going through all 30 PS, I'm pretty sure it's going to all 30 PS, I'm pretty sure it's going to all 30 PS, I'm pretty sure it's going to be like very few. So as you can see, our model stopped So as you can see, our model stopped So as you can see, our model stopped training at the 9th epoch. Although I training at the 9th epoch. Although I training at the 9th epoch. Although I could have gone all the way to 30th could have gone all the way to 30th could have gone all the way to 30th epoch but it's of no use. And apart from epoch but it's of no use. And apart from epoch but it's of no use. And apart from that one more thing I would like to show that one more thing I would like to show that one more thing I would like to show you here is initially we had loss here you here is initially we had loss here you here is initially we had loss here as one and then as you can see the loss as one and then as you can see the loss as one and then as you can see the loss started decreasing and here again started decreasing and here again started decreasing and here again it's.1% or 10% loss and then the it's.1% or 10% loss and then the it's.1% or 10% loss and then the accuracy here is 97%. So whatever the accuracy here is 97%. So whatever the accuracy here is 97%. So whatever the best model is there it gets saved over best model is there it gets saved over best model is there it gets saved over here in model.h5. We'll try to load this here in model.h5. We'll try to load this here in model.h5. We'll try to load this model and let's see how our training model and let's see how our training model and let's see how our training went. But before that let me copy this went. But before that let me copy this went. But before that let me copy this path. Let me add over here from kas. Let path. Let me add over here from kas. Let path. Let me add over here from kas. Let me close this and zoom in a bit. So this me close this and zoom in a bit. So this me close this and zoom in a bit. So this is fine. So from kas dom models import a is fine. So from kas dom models import a is fine. So from kas dom models import a load model and we'll just give the same load model and we'll just give the same load model and we'll just give the same name model is equal to load model and name model is equal to load model and name model is equal to load model and then we'll just pass the path and this then we'll just pass the path and this then we'll just pass the path and this should be fine and we'll just load this should be fine and we'll just load this should be fine and we'll just load this up and as I mentioned earlier let me up and as I mentioned earlier let me up and as I mentioned earlier let me close this for now. You know this we close this for now. You know this we close this for now. You know this we have this history function. Let's see have this history function. Let's see have this history function. Let's see how well our model has performed. So if how well our model has performed. So if how well our model has performed. So if I put here as let's say edge is equal to I put here as let's say edge is equal to I put here as let's say edge is equal to hist dot history and now what we'll do hist dot history and now what we'll do hist dot history and now what we'll do is edge dot keys obviously there will be is edge dot keys obviously there will be is edge dot keys obviously there will be just two that is loss and accuracy and just two that is loss and accuracy and just two that is loss and accuracy and let's try plotting them up. So plt dot let's try plotting them up. So plt dot let's try plotting them up. So plt dot plot as this is the dictionary we'll plot as this is the dictionary we'll plot as this is the dictionary we'll just have to press h of loss plt.plot just have to press h of loss plt.plot just have to press h of loss plt.plot plot plot plot h of accuracy and then we can just say h of accuracy and then we can just say h of accuracy and then we can just say plt dot title let's say loss versus plt dot title let's say loss versus plt dot title let's say loss versus accuracy and finally it will be plow accuracy and finally it will be plow accuracy and finally it will be plow let's execute this so as you can see we let's execute this so as you can see we let's execute this so as you can see we have loss versus accuracy but we're have loss versus accuracy but we're have loss versus accuracy but we're still not able to understand which is still not able to understand which is still not able to understand which is what let's give a color this color here what let's give a color this color here what let's give a color this color here would be let's say blue I guess just b would be let's say blue I guess just b would be let's say blue I guess just b would be sufficient or we can pass this would be sufficient or we can pass this would be sufficient or we can pass this as a string blue and let's see if we can as a string blue and let's see if we can as a string blue and let's see if we can give any other value here so what we can give any other value here so what we can give any other value here so what we can do here is you can see we can add a do here is you can see we can add a do here is you can see we can add a marker when we can also add this line marker when we can also add this line marker when we can also add this line copy this and paste it over here. Let's copy this and paste it over here. Let's copy this and paste it over here. Let's see how this would look like and let me see how this would look like and let me see how this would look like and let me execute this up. So as you can see this execute this up. So as you can see this execute this up. So as you can see this is what our accuracy here represents. is what our accuracy here represents. is what our accuracy here represents. Both of them are same color. Let me just Both of them are same color. Let me just Both of them are same color. Let me just change this to let's say red. So for change this to let's say red. So for change this to let's say red. So for every epoch as you can see our accuracy every epoch as you can see our accuracy every epoch as you can see our accuracy has increased and for every loss you has increased and for every loss you has increased and for every loss you know for every epoch our loss has also know for every epoch our loss has also know for every epoch our loss has also decreased. If you want the same thing to decreased. If you want the same thing to decreased. If you want the same thing to be done for our loss to see how our be done for our loss to see how our be done for our loss to see how our epoch has worked. So let me add this and epoch has worked. So let me add this and epoch has worked. So let me add this and execute this now. So as you can see execute this now. So as you can see execute this now. So as you can see right for every epoch our loss value has right for every epoch our loss value has right for every epoch our loss value has decreased and this is the you know it's decreased and this is the you know it's decreased and this is the you know it's below 10% now. So this is all there is below 10% now. So this is all there is below 10% now. So this is all there is about you know building a model and about you know building a model and about you know building a model and creating a predictions. And if you're creating a predictions. And if you're creating a predictions. And if you're someone who's really curious about how someone who's really curious about how someone who's really curious about how well a model is working what I can do is well a model is working what I can do is well a model is working what I can do is I can just create a function and pass an I can just create a function and pass an I can just create a function and pass an image. But that's not our major agenda. image. But that's not our major agenda. image. But that's not our major agenda. So our major agenda here first was to So our major agenda here first was to So our major agenda here first was to build a model and we'll train this on build a model and we'll train this on build a model and we'll train this on some let's say some class and over here some let's say some class and over here some let's say some class and over here we are representing cat and dog and once we are representing cat and dog and once we are representing cat and dog and once I have this model I will create a grat I have this model I will create a grat I have this model I will create a grat cam function which will take gradients cam function which will take gradients cam function which will take gradients from this deep learning model and it'll from this deep learning model and it'll from this deep learning model and it'll create a heat map and whatever is my create a heat map and whatever is my create a heat map and whatever is my image is going to plot on top of that. image is going to plot on top of that. image is going to plot on top of that. So let's now quickly move ahead and do So let's now quickly move ahead and do So let's now quickly move ahead and do that. And but just in case if you're that. And but just in case if you're that. And but just in case if you're someone who is really curious to see someone who is really curious to see someone who is really curious to see what's happening here. Let me write a what's happening here. Let me write a what's happening here. Let me write a text validate our image. So I've already text validate our image. So I've already text validate our image. So I've already written the code for this. Uh let me written the code for this. Uh let me written the code for this. Uh let me just copy that up. So as you can see I just copy that up. So as you can see I just copy that up. So as you can see I have written my function here. Let me have written my function here. Let me have written my function here. Let me give this in bold. So now what we're give this in bold. So now what we're give this in bold. So now what we're going to do here is basically get the going to do here is basically get the going to do here is basically get the path load the image using load image path load the image using load image path load the image using load image function. For this we are supposed to function. For this we are supposed to function. For this we are supposed to import this from our libraries over import this from our libraries over import this from our libraries over here. So we'll come back up here. So we'll come back up here. So we'll come back up pre-processing image. Over here we'll pre-processing image. Over here we'll pre-processing image. Over here we'll say load image and image to array and say load image and image to array and say load image and image to array and we'll run this up. So we'll scroll down. we'll run this up. So we'll scroll down. we'll run this up. So we'll scroll down. So we have loaded our image. Then we So we have loaded our image. Then we So we have loaded our image. Then we convert this into image to an array. So convert this into image to an array. So convert this into image to an array. So let me remove this. And once this is let me remove this. And once this is let me remove this. And once this is converted image to an array. So what converted image to an array. So what converted image to an array. So what we're going to do now is basically try we're going to do now is basically try we're going to do now is basically try to expand our model here. But before to expand our model here. But before to expand our model here. But before that we also are supposed to pre-process that we also are supposed to pre-process that we also are supposed to pre-process our image. So we have I is equal to our image. So we have I is equal to our image. So we have I is equal to pre-process input. Here we're going to pre-process input. Here we're going to pre-process input. Here we're going to just pass the image that I want that is just pass the image that I want that is just pass the image that I want that is I. So pre-processing your input is I. So pre-processing your input is I. So pre-processing your input is pretty important. And this part over pretty important. And this part over pretty important. And this part over here I'm just trying to increase the here I'm just trying to increase the here I'm just trying to increase the dimensions. So which we can see over dimensions. So which we can see over dimensions. So which we can see over here. So let's now execute this. It says here. So let's now execute this. It says here. So let's now execute this. It says image is not defined. Maybe that's image is not defined. Maybe that's image is not defined. Maybe that's because of this as we have already because of this as we have already because of this as we have already loaded here, right? So we don't have to loaded here, right? So we don't have to loaded here, right? So we don't have to provide that. And one more thing here is provide that. And one more thing here is provide that. And one more thing here is make sure your size is same. It's going make sure your size is same. It's going make sure your size is same. It's going to be 256, 256. to be 256, 256. to be 256, 256. So as you can see here model has So as you can see here model has So as you can see here model has predicted it fine. So images of a dog predicted it fine. So images of a dog predicted it fine. So images of a dog and the reason why you're getting this and the reason why you're getting this and the reason why you're getting this initial error is because we haven't initial error is because we haven't initial error is because we haven't regularized it. So if you want you know regularized it. So if you want you know regularized it. So if you want you know all you can do is divide this by 255 and all you can do is divide this by 255 and all you can do is divide this by 255 and so you cannot divide this by 255. The so you cannot divide this by 255. The so you cannot divide this by 255. The reason is because you know we have reason is because you know we have reason is because you know we have already pre-processed it. So this will already pre-processed it. So this will already pre-processed it. So this will remain the same and this is what it is. remain the same and this is what it is. remain the same and this is what it is. I can remove the access plt dot access. I can remove the access plt dot access. I can remove the access plt dot access. We'll just turn this as false We'll just turn this as false We'll just turn this as false and yeah so this is what happens. So as and yeah so this is what happens. So as and yeah so this is what happens. So as you can see here our model has predicted you can see here our model has predicted you can see here our model has predicted fine. So the image is of a dog and yes fine. So the image is of a dog and yes fine. So the image is of a dog and yes the image was indeed of a dog. We can the image was indeed of a dog. We can the image was indeed of a dog. We can take some other random image. Now let me take some other random image. Now let me take some other random image. Now let me zoom out. So let's say we'll take any zoom out. So let's say we'll take any zoom out. So let's say we'll take any random image. Copy the path. Close this random image. Copy the path. Close this random image. Copy the path. Close this up for now and try adding this to the up for now and try adding this to the up for now and try adding this to the path over here. So let's see what is path over here. So let's see what is path over here. So let's see what is this image of. And as you can see this this image of. And as you can see this this image of. And as you can see this image is of a cat. And our model has image is of a cat. And our model has image is of a cat. And our model has also predicted that this image is of a also predicted that this image is of a also predicted that this image is of a cat. And just one last thing before we cat. And just one last thing before we cat. And just one last thing before we move ahead. So randomly let me choose move ahead. So randomly let me choose move ahead. So randomly let me choose any value. Let me take copy path. Come any value. Let me take copy path. Come any value. Let me take copy path. Come up here and pass that particular image. up here and pass that particular image. up here and pass that particular image. Let's now see what we get. So as you can Let's now see what we get. So as you can Let's now see what we get. So as you can see this is a dog and our model has see this is a dog and our model has see this is a dog and our model has predicted it. So it says this model is predicted it. So it says this model is predicted it. So it says this model is of a dog. So now that we know what of a dog. So now that we know what of a dog. So now that we know what exactly is happening here. So what we'll exactly is happening here. So what we'll exactly is happening here. So what we'll do is now we'll try to visualize what do is now we'll try to visualize what do is now we'll try to visualize what makes our deep learning model think that makes our deep learning model think that makes our deep learning model think that this is of a dog. So what feature here this is of a dog. So what feature here this is of a dog. So what feature here represents that of a dog. So for that we represents that of a dog. So for that we represents that of a dog. So for that we use something called as grat cam. So let use something called as grat cam. So let use something called as grat cam. So let me write down here. So let me give a me write down here. So let me give a me write down here. So let me give a title here. Let's say grat cam title here. Let's say grat cam title here. Let's say grat cam visualization. So grat cam. So if you're visualization. So grat cam. So if you're visualization. So grat cam. So if you're someone who's wondering what does this someone who's wondering what does this someone who's wondering what does this grat cam represents here? Well grat cam grat cam represents here? Well grat cam grat cam represents here? Well grat cam over here is basically class activation over here is basically class activation over here is basically class activation map. So gradient class activation map. map. So gradient class activation map. map. So gradient class activation map. So that's what grat cam represents. Let So that's what grat cam represents. Let So that's what grat cam represents. Let me just put this in bold and execute me just put this in bold and execute me just put this in bold and execute this out. So this is what grat cam is. this out. So this is what grat cam is. this out. So this is what grat cam is. So what we're going to do first off read So what we're going to do first off read So what we're going to do first off read the image and then we're going to the image and then we're going to the image and then we're going to extract the gradients from our image. extract the gradients from our image. extract the gradients from our image. And then finally we are going to display And then finally we are going to display And then finally we are going to display that on a function. So first off over that on a function. So first off over that on a function. So first off over here what we're going to do is from kasp here what we're going to do is from kasp here what we're going to do is from kasp prep-processing import image. Okay prep-processing import image. Okay prep-processing import image. Okay that's something which we have already that's something which we have already that's something which we have already done. So now what we'll do is tf get done. So now what we'll do is tf get done. So now what we'll do is tf get image array. And here we're going to image array. And here we're going to image array. And here we're going to just give the path img path. So now what just give the path img path. So now what just give the path img path. So now what we're going to do let's try to write we're going to do let's try to write we're going to do let's try to write some comments here. So what does this some comments here. So what does this some comments here. So what does this take as a input? Input here is going to take as a input? Input here is going to take as a input? Input here is going to be like takes in image path and output be like takes in image path and output be like takes in image path and output over here basically be like gives out over here basically be like gives out over here basically be like gives out pre-process image. pre-process image. pre-process image. This is basically similar to what we had This is basically similar to what we had This is basically similar to what we had done earlier. So first off we have path. done earlier. So first off we have path. done earlier. So first off we have path. This will be image path. And now we have This will be image path. And now we have This will be image path. And now we have image img. Let me scroll up a bit. So image img. Let me scroll up a bit. So image img. Let me scroll up a bit. So we're going to have load image. And we're going to have load image. And we're going to have load image. And we're just going to give target size and we're just going to give target size and we're just going to give target size and all that. So what we'll do we'll just all that. So what we'll do we'll just all that. So what we'll do we'll just copy this from here. Obviously first off copy this from here. Obviously first off copy this from here. Obviously first off we're going to load our image and then we're going to load our image and then we're going to load our image and then we're going to convert that into an we're going to convert that into an we're going to convert that into an array. And then finally we have to do array. And then finally we have to do array. And then finally we have to do all of these. So we'll just do it till all of these. So we'll just do it till all of these. So we'll just do it till here. Copy this and add this over here. here. Copy this and add this over here. here. Copy this and add this over here. Let us give a proper indentations. Let us give a proper indentations. Let us give a proper indentations. So basically here we're trying to expand So basically here we're trying to expand So basically here we're trying to expand the dimension. The reasoning for this is the dimension. The reasoning for this is the dimension. The reasoning for this is because you know our model takes in the because you know our model takes in the because you know our model takes in the bat size then size of the image and then bat size then size of the image and then bat size then size of the image and then the number of channel. So if it's 256, the number of channel. So if it's 256, the number of channel. So if it's 256, 256 we should have number of channels 256 we should have number of channels 256 we should have number of channels that's going to be three and bat size that's going to be three and bat size that's going to be three and bat size that's going to be one. So this is what that's going to be one. So this is what that's going to be one. So this is what this function does. Either you can use this function does. Either you can use this function does. Either you can use this or you can use numpy.expand this or you can use numpy.expand this or you can use numpy.expand dimensions. That's totally up to you. dimensions. That's totally up to you. dimensions. That's totally up to you. Let's say this as image. We'll actually Let's say this as image. We'll actually Let's say this as image. We'll actually change this for all img and even this change this for all img and even this change this for all img and even this would be img. And we'll add this as well would be img. And we'll add this as well would be img. And we'll add this as well over here. And finally, this would over here. And finally, this would over here. And finally, this would return as image. So I hope you return as image. So I hope you return as image. So I hope you understood what we're trying to do here. understood what we're trying to do here. understood what we're trying to do here. This is a pretty simple stuff. And let's This is a pretty simple stuff. And let's This is a pretty simple stuff. And let's execute this. So this looks great. So execute this. So this looks great. So execute this. So this looks great. So now finally what we're going to do, now finally what we're going to do, now finally what we're going to do, we're going to import tensorflow as tf. we're going to import tensorflow as tf. we're going to import tensorflow as tf. And now we're going to write a function And now we're going to write a function And now we're going to write a function for our grad cam. So what does this for our grad cam. So what does this for our grad cam. So what does this function do? Well, this function is function do? Well, this function is function do? Well, this function is basically used to generate the heat map basically used to generate the heat map basically used to generate the heat map in our artificial neural networks. So in our artificial neural networks. So in our artificial neural networks. So this is a pretty advanced topic in deep this is a pretty advanced topic in deep this is a pretty advanced topic in deep learning. And if you're someone who's learning. And if you're someone who's learning. And if you're someone who's totally new to this, I would definitely totally new to this, I would definitely totally new to this, I would definitely first recommend you to go back to the first recommend you to go back to the first recommend you to go back to the basics. You can start off by looking basics. You can start off by looking basics. You can start off by looking into our deep learning full course into our deep learning full course into our deep learning full course videos and then you can come back here videos and then you can come back here videos and then you can come back here after doing some research on gradients after doing some research on gradients after doing some research on gradients and how this uh deep learning models and how this uh deep learning models and how this uh deep learning models work. What we're going to do, we're work. What we're going to do, we're work. What we're going to do, we're going to create a function. So let's say going to create a function. So let's say going to create a function. So let's say make grat cam heat map. So there are a make grat cam heat map. So there are a make grat cam heat map. So there are a couple of parameters that this thing couple of parameters that this thing couple of parameters that this thing takes in. It takes in image array. So takes in. It takes in image array. So takes in. It takes in image array. So the image array is basically what we are the image array is basically what we are the image array is basically what we are going to have over here. And then it's going to have over here. And then it's going to have over here. And then it's going to take in model. Then we have to going to take in model. Then we have to going to take in model. Then we have to take the last convolution layer name. take the last convolution layer name. take the last convolution layer name. And then we also need to provide And then we also need to provide And then we also need to provide predicted index to be false. So pred predicted index to be false. So pred predicted index to be false. So pred index we'll make this as none. So this index we'll make this as none. So this index we'll make this as none. So this is great. Now what is the last layer of is great. Now what is the last layer of is great. Now what is the last layer of a conversion layer? We can just scroll a conversion layer? We can just scroll a conversion layer? We can just scroll up and see the summary. We'll get to up and see the summary. We'll get to up and see the summary. We'll get to know that. But meanwhile, let's just get know that. But meanwhile, let's just get know that. But meanwhile, let's just get on to this now. So what we're going to on to this now. So what we're going to on to this now. So what we're going to do here is first we create a model that do here is first we create a model that do here is first we create a model that maps the input image to the activation maps the input image to the activation maps the input image to the activation functions of the last convolution layer functions of the last convolution layer functions of the last convolution layer as well as the output predictions. So as well as the output predictions. So as well as the output predictions. So we're going to create a model here. we're going to create a model here. we're going to create a model here. Let's say grad model. And for this we Let's say grad model. And for this we Let's say grad model. And for this we can use either TF. Karas or you can just can use either TF. Karas or you can just can use either TF. Karas or you can just directly use KAS. So for a change let's directly use KAS. So for a change let's directly use KAS. So for a change let's use TF dot kas. We know that there are a use TF dot kas. We know that there are a use TF dot kas. We know that there are a couple of models. So we have models dot couple of models. So we have models dot couple of models. So we have models dot model. We are going to use this. So for model. We are going to use this. So for model. We are going to use this. So for this what we're going to do we're going this what we're going to do we're going this what we're going to do we're going to pass in couple of values. So it'll be to pass in couple of values. So it'll be to pass in couple of values. So it'll be model.input and then we have model dot model.input and then we have model dot model.input and then we have model dot get last layer. This is where we are get last layer. This is where we are get last layer. This is where we are going to pass the last convolution layer going to pass the last convolution layer going to pass the last convolution layer name. So let me copy this and paste it name. So let me copy this and paste it name. So let me copy this and paste it over here. And we want the outputs of over here. And we want the outputs of over here. And we want the outputs of this. And then finally we have model this. And then finally we have model this. And then finally we have model output. And let's add this thing into a output. And let's add this thing into a output. And let's add this thing into a bracket here. So this is what we are bracket here. So this is what we are bracket here. So this is what we are doing. We are created a model where we doing. We are created a model where we doing. We are created a model where we are having input layer and then the are having input layer and then the are having input layer and then the gradients from our last model and then gradients from our last model and then gradients from our last model and then the output of our model. So now that we the output of our model. So now that we the output of our model. So now that we have done this, so now what we're going have done this, so now what we're going have done this, so now what we're going to do is we are going to compute the to do is we are going to compute the to do is we are going to compute the gradients of a top predicted class from gradients of a top predicted class from gradients of a top predicted class from our input image with respect to the our input image with respect to the our input image with respect to the activations from our model which is activations from our model which is activations from our model which is present in this last convolution layer. present in this last convolution layer. present in this last convolution layer. So this is the only way that we can So this is the only way that we can So this is the only way that we can access the gradients. So we have this access the gradients. So we have this access the gradients. So we have this df.tg gradient tape. This is a function df.tg gradient tape. This is a function df.tg gradient tape. This is a function let's say as tape. And now what we'll do let's say as tape. And now what we'll do let's say as tape. And now what we'll do is last convolution layer output. Last is last convolution layer output. Last is last convolution layer output. Last convolution layer output and then we convolution layer output and then we convolution layer output and then we have the threads. This is what is have the threads. This is what is have the threads. This is what is written by our grad model. So we have written by our grad model. So we have written by our grad model. So we have our grad model here. Let me copy this. our grad model here. Let me copy this. our grad model here. Let me copy this. And over here I'm going to paste the And over here I'm going to paste the And over here I'm going to paste the image array. So this is where we are image array. So this is where we are image array. So this is where we are going to try to predict our model. So going to try to predict our model. So going to try to predict our model. So now what we'll do if pred index that is now what we'll do if pred index that is now what we'll do if pred index that is this part index if this part is none let this part index if this part is none let this part index if this part is none let me copy this and paste here is none. If me copy this and paste here is none. If me copy this and paste here is none. If this is the case then what we'll do is this is the case then what we'll do is this is the case then what we'll do is we'll just provide the predictions tf.ax we'll just provide the predictions tf.ax we'll just provide the predictions tf.ax pred index. Let me copy this again. This pred index. Let me copy this again. This pred index. Let me copy this again. This will be tf. We can also use np.org max. will be tf. We can also use np.org max. will be tf. We can also use np.org max. So it's totally up to you. And now this So it's totally up to you. And now this So it's totally up to you. And now this is whatever predictions we have. So is whatever predictions we have. So is whatever predictions we have. So preds that's present over here. And then preds that's present over here. And then preds that's present over here. And then we're going to give the index zero. So we're going to give the index zero. So we're going to give the index zero. So if this is the case and now what we do if this is the case and now what we do if this is the case and now what we do is we'll have class channels. is we'll have class channels. is we'll have class channels. Uh we're going to add all the preds Uh we're going to add all the preds Uh we're going to add all the preds value. So spreads value. So spreads value. So spreads all these and then we have PR index. Let all these and then we have PR index. Let all these and then we have PR index. Let me paste it over here. Pre index. me paste it over here. Pre index. me paste it over here. Pre index. So this is a scenario here. So now what So this is a scenario here. So now what So this is a scenario here. So now what we'll do is we'll take off. So now what we'll do is we'll take off. So now what we'll do is we'll take off. So now what we're going to do is you know from the we're going to do is you know from the we're going to do is you know from the feature map we're going to pull in the feature map we're going to pull in the feature map we're going to pull in the gradients. So grads is equal to tape dot gradients. So grads is equal to tape dot gradients. So grads is equal to tape dot gradient. So here we're going to pass gradient. So here we're going to pass gradient. So here we're going to pass the class channel and then the last the class channel and then the last the class channel and then the last convolution layer. As you know class convolution layer. As you know class convolution layer. As you know class channel is present here. And then we channel is present here. And then we channel is present here. And then we have the last convolution layer output have the last convolution layer output have the last convolution layer output which we have captured it from here. So which we have captured it from here. So which we have captured it from here. So finally what we're going to do is we're finally what we're going to do is we're finally what we're going to do is we're going to get the mean of this. So let's going to get the mean of this. So let's going to get the mean of this. So let's say pool let's give the name here as say pool let's give the name here as say pool let's give the name here as pool gradients or grads. So we'll have pool gradients or grads. So we'll have pool gradients or grads. So we'll have tf dot reduce mean. Now we'll just pass tf dot reduce mean. Now we'll just pass tf dot reduce mean. Now we'll just pass grads. Then we have axis is equal to 0a grads. Then we have axis is equal to 0a grads. Then we have axis is equal to 0a 1a 2. That's because we have three 1a 2. That's because we have three 1a 2. That's because we have three channels. channels. channels. And finally now we'll put this in the And finally now we'll put this in the And finally now we'll put this in the form of a heat map. So we'll have last form of a heat map. So we'll have last form of a heat map. So we'll have last convolution layer output. This will be convolution layer output. This will be convolution layer output. This will be the same thing but present at the index the same thing but present at the index the same thing but present at the index zero. And now we'll put this in a heat zero. And now we'll put this in a heat zero. And now we'll put this in a heat map. Let's give the name here as heat map. Let's give the name here as heat map. Let's give the name here as heat map. So this will be last convolution map. So this will be last convolution map. So this will be last convolution layer output. And then we'll give this layer output. And then we'll give this layer output. And then we'll give this at symbol full grads at symbol full grads at symbol full grads and then finally we have TF dot new and then finally we have TF dot new and then finally we have TF dot new axis. axis. axis. So now we'll do TF dot squeeze just to So now we'll do TF dot squeeze just to So now we'll do TF dot squeeze just to bring them in a shape. So heat map this bring them in a shape. So heat map this bring them in a shape. So heat map this would be equal to tf dots squeeze and would be equal to tf dots squeeze and would be equal to tf dots squeeze and then we are going to pass heat map here then we are going to pass heat map here then we are going to pass heat map here and finally for the visualization and finally for the visualization and finally for the visualization purpose we are going to see how this purpose we are going to see how this purpose we are going to see how this would work. So heat map this is equal to would work. So heat map this is equal to would work. So heat map this is equal to tf dot maximum heat map 0 and then we tf dot maximum heat map 0 and then we tf dot maximum heat map 0 and then we have tf dot map dot reduce max and here have tf dot map dot reduce max and here have tf dot map dot reduce max and here we're going to have heat map and this we're going to have heat map and this we're going to have heat map and this would basically return me heat map numpy would basically return me heat map numpy would basically return me heat map numpy heat map like basically the numpy array heat map like basically the numpy array heat map like basically the numpy array of that so return heat map. So let's now try executing this and we So let's now try executing this and we So let's now try executing this and we have successfully executed this have successfully executed this have successfully executed this function. I know it's pretty complicated function. I know it's pretty complicated function. I know it's pretty complicated and pretty huge function and you know in and pretty huge function and you know in and pretty huge function and you know in one go it's pretty hard to understand one go it's pretty hard to understand one go it's pretty hard to understand this. If you're having further queries this. If you're having further queries this. If you're having further queries either you can mention them in the either you can mention them in the either you can mention them in the comment box below and the other way you comment box below and the other way you comment box below and the other way you can do is you can just get down to the can do is you can just get down to the can do is you can just get down to the official documentation of TensorFlow and official documentation of TensorFlow and official documentation of TensorFlow and check this out. So now that we have done check this out. So now that we have done check this out. So now that we have done with this now we'll mask the heat map on with this now we'll mask the heat map on with this now we'll mask the heat map on the image. So let me give a comment for the image. So let me give a comment for the image. So let me give a comment for this. We're going to import a couple of this. We're going to import a couple of this. We're going to import a couple of libraries that is import libraries that is import libraries that is import CM as cm and then we also need to import CM as cm and then we also need to import CM as cm and then we also need to import ipython display although you can use plt ipython display although you can use plt ipython display although you can use plt dot display or show but let's try using dot display or show but let's try using dot display or show but let's try using different you know library here ipython different you know library here ipython different you know library here ipython dot display dot display dot display import image and then also the display import image and then also the display import image and then also the display let's execute this up and now what we're let's execute this up and now what we're let's execute this up and now what we're going to do we're going to create a going to do we're going to create a going to do we're going to create a function we're going to say save and function we're going to say save and function we're going to say save and display grat cam with the name of display grat cam with the name of display grat cam with the name of function this takes an image path we'll function this takes an image path we'll function this takes an image path we'll also have the heat map which you created also have the heat map which you created also have the heat map which you created then place where we want to save our then place where we want to save our then place where we want to save our grat cam image and then the alpha value. grat cam image and then the alpha value. grat cam image and then the alpha value. So we'll have df save and display grat So we'll have df save and display grat So we'll have df save and display grat cam. So we'll have to take image path cam. So we'll have to take image path cam. So we'll have to take image path and then we have heat map. Then we have and then we have heat map. Then we have and then we have heat map. Then we have cam path. So you can just give any name. cam path. So you can just give any name. cam path. So you can just give any name. We'll give it as cam.jpg or you can give We'll give it as cam.jpg or you can give We'll give it as cam.jpg or you can give any name you want. And then we'll also any name you want. And then we'll also any name you want. And then we'll also have the alpha value. I'll explain you have the alpha value. I'll explain you have the alpha value. I'll explain you what does this alpha value mean in a what does this alpha value mean in a what does this alpha value mean in a while. So but as of now just keep this while. So but as of now just keep this while. So but as of now just keep this in mind. So we have the alpha values. So in mind. So we have the alpha values. So in mind. So we have the alpha values. So the input image whatever you pass over the input image whatever you pass over the input image whatever you pass over here make sure it's not expanded and here make sure it's not expanded and here make sure it's not expanded and should not have a path size. So that's should not have a path size. So that's should not have a path size. So that's what it needs. So what we're going to do what it needs. So what we're going to do what it needs. So what we're going to do we have image. So we'll have image we'll we have image. So we'll have image we'll we have image. So we'll have image we'll have this as load image and we'll have have this as load image and we'll have have this as load image and we'll have image path. And now we'll try to convert image path. And now we'll try to convert image path. And now we'll try to convert this into an array. Instead of writing this into an array. Instead of writing this into an array. Instead of writing this again what I'll do is image to this again what I'll do is image to this again what I'll do is image to array and we'll pass this over here array and we'll pass this over here array and we'll pass this over here itself. This looks great. And now what itself. This looks great. And now what itself. This looks great. And now what we'll do is we'll rescale the heat map we'll do is we'll rescale the heat map we'll do is we'll rescale the heat map to the range 0 to 255. So we have heat to the range 0 to 255. So we have heat to the range 0 to 255. So we have heat map. So we'll have np dot units map. So we'll have np dot units map. So we'll have np dot units and we're going to pass 8. Then we have and we're going to pass 8. Then we have and we're going to pass 8. Then we have 255 * heat map. This totally up to you. 255 * heat map. This totally up to you. 255 * heat map. This totally up to you. Either you can do this or you can divide Either you can do this or you can divide Either you can do this or you can divide this by 255. It's totally up to you. So this by 255. It's totally up to you. So this by 255. It's totally up to you. So now we'll try to color map this. Let's now we'll try to color map this. Let's now we'll try to color map this. Let's say jet is equal to cm dot get cmap or say jet is equal to cm dot get cmap or say jet is equal to cm dot get cmap or color map. So here you can give either color map. So here you can give either color map. So here you can give either gray whatever value you want but I'm gray whatever value you want but I'm gray whatever value you want but I'm going to use a jet. And finally we going going to use a jet. And finally we going going to use a jet. And finally we going to use RGB values of the color map. So to use RGB values of the color map. So to use RGB values of the color map. So let me give here. So we have jet colors. let me give here. So we have jet colors. let me give here. So we have jet colors. So we have jet np dot arrange. We're So we have jet np dot arrange. We're So we have jet np dot arrange. We're going to pass 256. going to pass 256. going to pass 256. Then finally jet heat map. Then finally jet heat map. Then finally jet heat map. So now what we're going to do now is we So now what we're going to do now is we So now what we're going to do now is we are going to create an image with RGB are going to create an image with RGB are going to create an image with RGB colorized heat map. So let's do that. So colorized heat map. So let's do that. So colorized heat map. So let's do that. So as you can see we have done this over as you can see we have done this over as you can see we have done this over here. Now and in the next stage what here. Now and in the next stage what here. Now and in the next stage what we're going to do we're going to we're going to do we're going to we're going to do we're going to reimburse or we're going to superimpose reimburse or we're going to superimpose reimburse or we're going to superimpose heat map to our original image. So heat heat map to our original image. So heat heat map to our original image. So heat map basically has the gradients. This is map basically has the gradients. This is map basically has the gradients. This is what happens over here. Superimposed what happens over here. Superimposed what happens over here. Superimposed image that is heat map time alpha plus image that is heat map time alpha plus image that is heat map time alpha plus image. This is why we using the alpha image. This is why we using the alpha image. This is why we using the alpha value. So this is what is happening value. So this is what is happening value. So this is what is happening here. And finally coming down to you here. And finally coming down to you here. And finally coming down to you know saving our model or saving our know saving our model or saving our know saving our model or saving our superimposed image. This function here superimposed image. This function here superimposed image. This function here superimposed image. And whatever the superimposed image. And whatever the superimposed image. And whatever the path we have given that's a path where path we have given that's a path where path we have given that's a path where it's going to get saved. And finally we it's going to get saved. And finally we it's going to get saved. And finally we are going to return the image right. So are going to return the image right. So are going to return the image right. So we're going to plot the cam image or we're going to plot the cam image or we're going to plot the cam image or whatever you call that up. So this is whatever you call that up. So this is whatever you call that up. So this is all there is about building this all there is about building this all there is about building this function. And now finally what we're function. And now finally what we're function. And now finally what we're going to do is we're going to create a going to do is we're going to create a going to do is we're going to create a function which would make our life function which would make our life function which would make our life easier. So I've already written this easier. So I've already written this easier. So I've already written this function on top. This is kind of similar function on top. This is kind of similar function on top. This is kind of similar to what we have done earlier. So let me to what we have done earlier. So let me to what we have done earlier. So let me quickly get that function up. So before quickly get that function up. So before quickly get that function up. So before that let me zoom out. For our simplicity that let me zoom out. For our simplicity that let me zoom out. For our simplicity sake I have already returned the sake I have already returned the sake I have already returned the function here. So basically what we're function here. So basically what we're function here. So basically what we're going to do here is provide the path. We going to do here is provide the path. We going to do here is provide the path. We are going to give a function call for are going to give a function call for are going to give a function call for previous function that we had written previous function that we had written previous function that we had written and what this function does is first of and what this function does is first of and what this function does is first of it converts the image whatever we have it converts the image whatever we have it converts the image whatever we have to an array and then we call this to an array and then we call this to an array and then we call this function make grat cam heat map. So this function make grat cam heat map. So this function make grat cam heat map. So this is done and finally we are going to show is done and finally we are going to show is done and finally we are going to show the heat map what is generated and then the heat map what is generated and then the heat map what is generated and then we are going to see whatever the we are going to see whatever the we are going to see whatever the predictions have been done and finally predictions have been done and finally predictions have been done and finally we are going to see whether it's of a we are going to see whether it's of a we are going to see whether it's of a cat or a dog and finally we are going to cat or a dog and finally we are going to cat or a dog and finally we are going to display our this path image and the heat display our this path image and the heat display our this path image and the heat map and let's see how this would look map and let's see how this would look map and let's see how this would look like. So I have executed this and now like. So I have executed this and now like. So I have executed this and now all we need to do is give a function all we need to do is give a function all we need to do is give a function call to this. Right? So let's give a call to this. Right? So let's give a call to this. Right? So let's give a function call. This is a random image function call. This is a random image function call. This is a random image that I've chosen and let's add it over that I've chosen and let's add it over that I've chosen and let's add it over here. So as you can see this is the here. So as you can see this is the here. So as you can see this is the image of a dog. So a model has predicted image of a dog. So a model has predicted image of a dog. So a model has predicted the images of a dog and this is how a the images of a dog and this is how a the images of a dog and this is how a heat map would look like and when I try heat map would look like and when I try heat map would look like and when I try to map this heat map to this image you to map this heat map to this image you to map this heat map to this image you can see this particular model took this can see this particular model took this can see this particular model took this nose as a important function. So what nose as a important function. So what nose as a important function. So what we'll do is let's go to Google now and we'll do is let's go to Google now and we'll do is let's go to Google now and let's take any random image. Let's say let's take any random image. Let's say let's take any random image. Let's say there is a dog and a human. So there is a dog and a human. So there is a dog and a human. So man and dog. So let's take any image. I man and dog. So let's take any image. I man and dog. So let's take any image. I think this is a good image over here. So think this is a good image over here. So think this is a good image over here. So what should happen now is the heat map what should happen now is the heat map what should happen now is the heat map should be formed on the dog. So let me should be formed on the dog. So let me should be formed on the dog. So let me save this image and upload it over here. save this image and upload it over here. save this image and upload it over here. So let's try to upload this. And now all So let's try to upload this. And now all So let's try to upload this. And now all we're going to do is pass that image. So we're going to do is pass that image. So we're going to do is pass that image. So we have this one smiling man and a dog. we have this one smiling man and a dog. we have this one smiling man and a dog. We'll copy the path and pass it over We'll copy the path and pass it over We'll copy the path and pass it over here. And let's see how this would look here. And let's see how this would look here. And let's see how this would look like. Let me execute this. So as you can like. Let me execute this. So as you can like. Let me execute this. So as you can see first off over here according to the see first off over here according to the see first off over here according to the heat map this purple color over here heat map this purple color over here heat map this purple color over here represent that we don't have any feature represent that we don't have any feature represent that we don't have any feature and this is where you know we have and this is where you know we have and this is where you know we have multiple features. Anything closer to multiple features. Anything closer to multiple features. Anything closer to red it means that that's a place that red it means that that's a place that red it means that that's a place that it's referring to. So here we know we it's referring to. So here we know we it's referring to. So here we know we have a picture of a human being. So if I have a picture of a human being. So if I have a picture of a human being. So if I scroll down now as you can see there is scroll down now as you can see there is scroll down now as you can see there is no heat map which is generated over no heat map which is generated over no heat map which is generated over here. But the model has taken into here. But the model has taken into here. But the model has taken into consideration of you know the dog's tail consideration of you know the dog's tail consideration of you know the dog's tail and the fur and all of that. And let's and the fur and all of that. And let's and the fur and all of that. And let's see what it has predicted. It has see what it has predicted. It has see what it has predicted. It has predicted right the images of a dog. And predicted right the images of a dog. And predicted right the images of a dog. And if you want to see the original image. if you want to see the original image. if you want to see the original image. So this is the original image over here. So this is the original image over here. So this is the original image over here. Let's give it a try with other image Let's give it a try with other image Let's give it a try with other image here. Let's see how that would look here. Let's see how that would look here. Let's see how that would look like. So let's say something like like. So let's say something like like. So let's say something like something more complicated. I think we something more complicated. I think we something more complicated. I think we can take this into consideration. Let's can take this into consideration. Let's can take this into consideration. Let's try downloading this and let's upload try downloading this and let's upload try downloading this and let's upload this and see how this would look like. this and see how this would look like. this and see how this would look like. So we'll upload our image So we'll upload our image So we'll upload our image and we have this image present here. and we have this image present here. and we have this image present here. We'll copy the path and pass this We'll copy the path and pass this We'll copy the path and pass this through this function here. So this is through this function here. So this is through this function here. So this is the image. So as you can see here, this the image. So as you can see here, this the image. So as you can see here, this is the image of a dog. So from the heat is the image of a dog. So from the heat is the image of a dog. So from the heat map you can see that you know it has map you can see that you know it has map you can see that you know it has taken the features which is present over taken the features which is present over taken the features which is present over here. So it's like nose, mouth and all here. So it's like nose, mouth and all here. So it's like nose, mouth and all of that. So as we move away from this uh of that. So as we move away from this uh of that. So as we move away from this uh you can see like the towards the human you can see like the towards the human you can see like the towards the human being it has not referred to any of the being it has not referred to any of the being it has not referred to any of the features of the human being. So this is features of the human being. So this is features of the human being. So this is how you can actually you know visualize how you can actually you know visualize how you can actually you know visualize the gradients that are being predicted the gradients that are being predicted the gradients that are being predicted in our model. So let's begin our deep learning So let's begin our deep learning So let's begin our deep learning interview question and answer session interview question and answer session interview question and answer session and understand what are the typical and understand what are the typical and understand what are the typical questions which are being asked in deep questions which are being asked in deep questions which are being asked in deep learning interview. So the first and learning interview. So the first and learning interview. So the first and foremost question what any deep learning foremost question what any deep learning foremost question what any deep learning interviewer asks is the basic interviewer asks is the basic interviewer asks is the basic understanding or the relationship understanding or the relationship understanding or the relationship between machine learning artificial between machine learning artificial between machine learning artificial intelligence and deep learning. So intelligence and deep learning. So intelligence and deep learning. So basically artificial intelligence is a basically artificial intelligence is a basically artificial intelligence is a technique which enables machine to mimic technique which enables machine to mimic technique which enables machine to mimic human behavior and machine learning is a human behavior and machine learning is a human behavior and machine learning is a subset of artificial intelligence subset of artificial intelligence subset of artificial intelligence technique which uses statistical methods technique which uses statistical methods technique which uses statistical methods to enable machines to improve with to enable machines to improve with to enable machines to improve with experience. Now deep learning on the experience. Now deep learning on the experience. Now deep learning on the other hand is a subset of machine other hand is a subset of machine other hand is a subset of machine learning which makes the computational learning which makes the computational learning which makes the computational multi-layer neural network feasible. It multi-layer neural network feasible. It multi-layer neural network feasible. It uses neural networks to simulate uses neural networks to simulate uses neural networks to simulate humanlike decision making. Now coming to humanlike decision making. Now coming to humanlike decision making. Now coming to the second question. Do you think deep the second question. Do you think deep the second question. Do you think deep learning is better than machine learning learning is better than machine learning learning is better than machine learning and if so why? Now though machine and if so why? Now though machine and if so why? Now though machine learning algorithms the traditional learning algorithms the traditional learning algorithms the traditional machine learning algorithms solve a lot machine learning algorithms solve a lot machine learning algorithms solve a lot of our cases but they are not very of our cases but they are not very of our cases but they are not very useful while working with useful while working with useful while working with highdimensional data. Now that is where highdimensional data. Now that is where highdimensional data. Now that is where we have a large number of inputs and we have a large number of inputs and we have a large number of inputs and outputs. For example in case of outputs. For example in case of outputs. For example in case of handwriting recognition we have large handwriting recognition we have large handwriting recognition we have large amount of inputs where we have different amount of inputs where we have different amount of inputs where we have different types of input associated with different types of input associated with different types of input associated with different types of handwriting. Now another major types of handwriting. Now another major types of handwriting. Now another major challenge is to tell the computer what challenge is to tell the computer what challenge is to tell the computer what all features it should look for that all features it should look for that all features it should look for that will play an important role in will play an important role in will play an important role in predicting the outcome as well as to predicting the outcome as well as to predicting the outcome as well as to achieve better accuracy while doing so. achieve better accuracy while doing so. achieve better accuracy while doing so. So these are some of the few So these are some of the few So these are some of the few shortcomings what machine learning have shortcomings what machine learning have shortcomings what machine learning have and deep learning overcomes all of these and deep learning overcomes all of these and deep learning overcomes all of these shortcomings. Now coming to our third shortcomings. Now coming to our third shortcomings. Now coming to our third question which is what is a perceptron question which is what is a perceptron question which is what is a perceptron and how does it work? Now actually our and how does it work? Now actually our and how does it work? Now actually our brain has subconsciously trained itself brain has subconsciously trained itself brain has subconsciously trained itself to do a lot of things over the years. to do a lot of things over the years. to do a lot of things over the years. Now the question comes how does deep Now the question comes how does deep Now the question comes how does deep learning mimics the functionality of the learning mimics the functionality of the learning mimics the functionality of the brain? Well, deep learning uses the brain? Well, deep learning uses the brain? Well, deep learning uses the concept of artificial neuron that concept of artificial neuron that concept of artificial neuron that functions in a similar manner as the functions in a similar manner as the functions in a similar manner as the biological neuron present in our brain. biological neuron present in our brain. biological neuron present in our brain. Therefore, we can say that deep learning Therefore, we can say that deep learning Therefore, we can say that deep learning is a sub field of machine learning is a sub field of machine learning is a sub field of machine learning concerned with algorithms inspired by concerned with algorithms inspired by concerned with algorithms inspired by the structure and the function of the the structure and the function of the the structure and the function of the brain called artificial neural networks. brain called artificial neural networks. brain called artificial neural networks. Now, if you focus on the structure of a Now, if you focus on the structure of a Now, if you focus on the structure of a biological neuron, it has dendrites biological neuron, it has dendrites biological neuron, it has dendrites which is used to receive inputs. Now which is used to receive inputs. Now which is used to receive inputs. Now these inputs are summed in the cell body these inputs are summed in the cell body these inputs are summed in the cell body and using the axon it is passed on to and using the axon it is passed on to and using the axon it is passed on to the next biological neuron. Now the next biological neuron. Now the next biological neuron. Now similarly a perceptron receives multiple similarly a perceptron receives multiple similarly a perceptron receives multiple inputs applies various transformations inputs applies various transformations inputs applies various transformations and functions and provides an output. and functions and provides an output. and functions and provides an output. Now a perceptron is a linear model used Now a perceptron is a linear model used Now a perceptron is a linear model used for binary classification. It models a for binary classification. It models a for binary classification. It models a neuron which has a set of inputs each of neuron which has a set of inputs each of neuron which has a set of inputs each of which gives a specific weight. Now the which gives a specific weight. Now the which gives a specific weight. Now the neuron computes some function on these neuron computes some function on these neuron computes some function on these weighted inputs and then finally it weighted inputs and then finally it weighted inputs and then finally it provides the output. As we know that our provides the output. As we know that our provides the output. As we know that our brain consists of multiple connected brain consists of multiple connected brain consists of multiple connected neurons called the neural network. We neurons called the neural network. We neurons called the neural network. We can also have a network of artificial can also have a network of artificial can also have a network of artificial neurons called the perceptron to form a neurons called the perceptron to form a neurons called the perceptron to form a deep neural network. Now coming to the deep neural network. Now coming to the deep neural network. Now coming to the next question, what is the role of next question, what is the role of next question, what is the role of weights and biases? Now for a perceptron weights and biases? Now for a perceptron weights and biases? Now for a perceptron there can be one or more input called there can be one or more input called there can be one or more input called bias. While the weights determine the bias. While the weights determine the bias. While the weights determine the slope of the classifier line, the bias slope of the classifier line, the bias slope of the classifier line, the bias allows us to shift the line towards left allows us to shift the line towards left allows us to shift the line towards left or right. And normally bias is treated or right. And normally bias is treated or right. And normally bias is treated as another weighted input with the input as another weighted input with the input as another weighted input with the input value x. In our case, if you have a look value x. In our case, if you have a look value x. In our case, if you have a look at a typical perceptron, what it at a typical perceptron, what it at a typical perceptron, what it receives is a set of input. Now these receives is a set of input. Now these receives is a set of input. Now these inputs are not just input which it inputs are not just input which it inputs are not just input which it gathers. So weights are an additional gathers. So weights are an additional gathers. So weights are an additional input which it takes and according to input which it takes and according to input which it takes and according to that it computes and provides an output. that it computes and provides an output. that it computes and provides an output. Now which brings us to the next question Now which brings us to the next question Now which brings us to the next question which is what exactly are activation which is what exactly are activation which is what exactly are activation functions. So activation function functions. So activation function functions. So activation function translates the inputs into outputs and translates the inputs into outputs and translates the inputs into outputs and it uses a threshold to produce an it uses a threshold to produce an it uses a threshold to produce an output. So the activation function output. So the activation function output. So the activation function decides whether a neuron should be decides whether a neuron should be decides whether a neuron should be activated or not by calculating the activated or not by calculating the activated or not by calculating the weighted sum and further adding the bias weighted sum and further adding the bias weighted sum and further adding the bias with it. And the purpose of the with it. And the purpose of the with it. And the purpose of the activation function is to introduce a activation function is to introduce a activation function is to introduce a nonlinearity into the output of a nonlinearity into the output of a nonlinearity into the output of a neuron. There can be many activation neuron. There can be many activation neuron. There can be many activation functions like linear or identity. We functions like linear or identity. We functions like linear or identity. We have the binary step. We have sigmoid. have the binary step. We have sigmoid. have the binary step. We have sigmoid. We have the tan. We have relu and soft We have the tan. We have relu and soft We have the tan. We have relu and soft max. These are a lot of activation max. These are a lot of activation max. These are a lot of activation functions which are being heavily used functions which are being heavily used functions which are being heavily used in the deep learning industry. So one in the deep learning industry. So one in the deep learning industry. So one should actually know about all of these should actually know about all of these should actually know about all of these things. Now talking about perceptron, things. Now talking about perceptron, things. Now talking about perceptron, our next question what an interviewer our next question what an interviewer our next question what an interviewer might ask is explain the learning of a might ask is explain the learning of a might ask is explain the learning of a perceptron. So basically a perceptron perceptron. So basically a perceptron perceptron. So basically a perceptron has four steps of learning. So the first has four steps of learning. So the first has four steps of learning. So the first steps is initializing the weights and steps is initializing the weights and steps is initializing the weights and threshold. So just now as I mentioned threshold. So just now as I mentioned threshold. So just now as I mentioned initializing the weights and the initializing the weights and the initializing the weights and the threshold so to the perceptron so that threshold so to the perceptron so that threshold so to the perceptron so that it can activate a neuron by calculating it can activate a neuron by calculating it can activate a neuron by calculating the weighted sum and further adding the the weighted sum and further adding the the weighted sum and further adding the bias in and all. This is the first step bias in and all. This is the first step bias in and all. This is the first step and the second step is providing the and the second step is providing the and the second step is providing the input and calculating the output using input and calculating the output using input and calculating the output using the activation functions. And according the activation functions. And according the activation functions. And according to that what we do is the third step to that what we do is the third step to that what we do is the third step involves updating the weights. Now once involves updating the weights. Now once involves updating the weights. Now once a particular perceptron learns something a particular perceptron learns something a particular perceptron learns something it has to update the weights so that it it has to update the weights so that it it has to update the weights so that it can learn much more things in a new can learn much more things in a new can learn much more things in a new manner and the next step what comes is manner and the next step what comes is manner and the next step what comes is repeat the step number two and three repeat the step number two and three repeat the step number two and three which is provide the input and calculate which is provide the input and calculate which is provide the input and calculate the output and then update the weights the output and then update the weights the output and then update the weights accordingly. Now if you have a look at accordingly. Now if you have a look at accordingly. Now if you have a look at the equation here we have wj t + 1 that the equation here we have wj t + 1 that the equation here we have wj t + 1 that equals wj of t plus n of t minus yx the equals wj of t plus n of t minus yx the equals wj of t plus n of t minus yx the wj of t + 1 is the updated weight wj of t + 1 is the updated weight wj of t + 1 is the updated weight whereas wj of t is the old weight d is whereas wj of t is the old weight d is whereas wj of t is the old weight d is the desired output y is the actual the desired output y is the actual the desired output y is the actual output and x is the input. So this is output and x is the input. So this is output and x is the input. So this is the equation of the learning of a the equation of the learning of a the equation of the learning of a perceptron. Now the next question is perceptron. Now the next question is perceptron. Now the next question is what is the significance of a cost or a what is the significance of a cost or a what is the significance of a cost or a loss function. So a cost function is a loss function. So a cost function is a loss function. So a cost function is a measure of accuracy of the neural measure of accuracy of the neural measure of accuracy of the neural network with respect to a given training network with respect to a given training network with respect to a given training sample and expected output. It provides sample and expected output. It provides sample and expected output. It provides the performance of a neural network as a the performance of a neural network as a the performance of a neural network as a whole. And in deep learning the goal is whole. And in deep learning the goal is whole. And in deep learning the goal is to minimize the cost function. So for to minimize the cost function. So for to minimize the cost function. So for that we use the concept of gradient that we use the concept of gradient that we use the concept of gradient descent. Now which brings us to the next descent. Now which brings us to the next descent. Now which brings us to the next question which is what exactly is question which is what exactly is question which is what exactly is gradient descent and what are its gradient descent and what are its gradient descent and what are its various types. So gradient descent is an various types. So gradient descent is an various types. So gradient descent is an optimization algorithm which is used to optimization algorithm which is used to optimization algorithm which is used to minimize some function by iteratively minimize some function by iteratively minimize some function by iteratively moving in the direction of the steepest moving in the direction of the steepest moving in the direction of the steepest descent as defined by the negative of descent as defined by the negative of descent as defined by the negative of the gradient. Now think of it as a bowl the gradient. Now think of it as a bowl the gradient. Now think of it as a bowl in which you start from any particular in which you start from any particular in which you start from any particular point and the goal is to reach the point and the goal is to reach the point and the goal is to reach the bottom of the bowl which is the gradient bottom of the bowl which is the gradient bottom of the bowl which is the gradient descent. So there are uh three types of descent. So there are uh three types of descent. So there are uh three types of gradient descent which are the gradient descent which are the gradient descent which are the stochastic batch and the mini batch. So stochastic batch and the mini batch. So stochastic batch and the mini batch. So stochastic gradient descent it uses only stochastic gradient descent it uses only stochastic gradient descent it uses only single training example to calculate the single training example to calculate the single training example to calculate the gradient and update the parameters gradient and update the parameters gradient and update the parameters accordingly. Whereas the batch gradient accordingly. Whereas the batch gradient accordingly. Whereas the batch gradient descent calculates the gradients for the descent calculates the gradients for the descent calculates the gradients for the whole data set and performs just one whole data set and performs just one whole data set and performs just one update at each iteration. Now mini batch update at each iteration. Now mini batch update at each iteration. Now mini batch gradient descent is a variation of the gradient descent is a variation of the gradient descent is a variation of the stochastic gradient descent where stochastic gradient descent where stochastic gradient descent where instead of single training example mini instead of single training example mini instead of single training example mini batch of samples are used and it is one batch of samples are used and it is one batch of samples are used and it is one of the most popular optimization of the most popular optimization of the most popular optimization algorithm. Now if we talk about mini algorithm. Now if we talk about mini algorithm. Now if we talk about mini batch gradient descent one might ask is batch gradient descent one might ask is batch gradient descent one might ask is what are the benefits of the mini batch what are the benefits of the mini batch what are the benefits of the mini batch gradient descent or how is it useful gradient descent or how is it useful gradient descent or how is it useful than the others. Now the mini batch than the others. Now the mini batch than the others. Now the mini batch gradient descent is more efficient when gradient descent is more efficient when gradient descent is more efficient when compared to the stoastic gradient compared to the stoastic gradient compared to the stoastic gradient descent and the generalization is done descent and the generalization is done descent and the generalization is done by finding the flat minima which allows by finding the flat minima which allows by finding the flat minima which allows to help approximate the gradient of the to help approximate the gradient of the to help approximate the gradient of the entire twinning set which help us to entire twinning set which help us to entire twinning set which help us to avoid the local minima. Now this is why avoid the local minima. Now this is why avoid the local minima. Now this is why mini batch gradient descent is mini batch gradient descent is mini batch gradient descent is considered or is preferred over the considered or is preferred over the considered or is preferred over the regular gradient descent algorithm which regular gradient descent algorithm which regular gradient descent algorithm which is the stoastic gradient descent. Now is the stoastic gradient descent. Now is the stoastic gradient descent. Now one might ask what are the steps for one might ask what are the steps for one might ask what are the steps for using a gradient descent algorithms. So using a gradient descent algorithms. So using a gradient descent algorithms. So first of all what you need to do is first of all what you need to do is first of all what you need to do is initialize some random weight and bias initialize some random weight and bias initialize some random weight and bias and after that you need to do is pass an and after that you need to do is pass an and after that you need to do is pass an input through the network and get values input through the network and get values input through the network and get values from the output layer. Next what you're from the output layer. Next what you're from the output layer. Next what you're going to do is calculate the error going to do is calculate the error going to do is calculate the error between the actual value and the between the actual value and the between the actual value and the predicted value. Now this can be done in predicted value. Now this can be done in predicted value. Now this can be done in number of ways. Now the next step number of ways. Now the next step number of ways. Now the next step involves is to go to each neurons which involves is to go to each neurons which involves is to go to each neurons which contributes to the error and change its contributes to the error and change its contributes to the error and change its respective values to reduce the error respective values to reduce the error respective values to reduce the error which is basically our goal is to reduce which is basically our goal is to reduce which is basically our goal is to reduce the cost of any particular function or the cost of any particular function or the cost of any particular function or any particular model. So after that what any particular model. So after that what any particular model. So after that what you do is reiterate until you find the you do is reiterate until you find the you do is reiterate until you find the best weights of the network and you find best weights of the network and you find best weights of the network and you find the lowest cost of the particular the lowest cost of the particular the lowest cost of the particular network. So one might ask you to write network. So one might ask you to write network. So one might ask you to write any gradient descent program or write any gradient descent program or write any gradient descent program or write the pseudo code of any gradient descent the pseudo code of any gradient descent the pseudo code of any gradient descent program. So what you need to do first of program. So what you need to do first of program. So what you need to do first of all what we do is define the parameters all what we do is define the parameters all what we do is define the parameters which are the weights the hidden weights which are the weights the hidden weights which are the weights the hidden weights the weight output the bias hidden and the weight output the bias hidden and the weight output the bias hidden and the bias output. We define a function the bias output. We define a function the bias output. We define a function std with arguments as cost the std with arguments as cost the std with arguments as cost the parameters what we have discussed and parameters what we have discussed and parameters what we have discussed and the learning rate. Now what we do is the learning rate. Now what we do is the learning rate. Now what we do is then we then define the gradients of our then we then define the gradients of our then we then define the gradients of our parameters with respect to the cost parameters with respect to the cost parameters with respect to the cost function. So here we use the theano function. So here we use the theano function. So here we use the theano library to find the gradients and we library to find the gradients and we library to find the gradients and we import theo s and finally iterated import theo s and finally iterated import theo s and finally iterated through all the parameters to find out through all the parameters to find out through all the parameters to find out the updates for all the possible the updates for all the possible the updates for all the possible parameters. So you can see that we use parameters. So you can see that we use parameters. So you can see that we use vanilla gradient descent here and as you vanilla gradient descent here and as you vanilla gradient descent here and as you can see it returns the updates and what can see it returns the updates and what can see it returns the updates and what we do is update the parameters and the we do is update the parameters and the we do is update the parameters and the cost in this particular equation. The cost in this particular equation. The cost in this particular equation. The ultimate goal of any grain descent ultimate goal of any grain descent ultimate goal of any grain descent algorithm is to minimize the cost. Now algorithm is to minimize the cost. Now algorithm is to minimize the cost. Now talking about perceptron what are the talking about perceptron what are the talking about perceptron what are the shortcomings of a single layer shortcomings of a single layer shortcomings of a single layer perceptron. So well there are two major perceptron. So well there are two major perceptron. So well there are two major problems. Now first of all is that the problems. Now first of all is that the problems. Now first of all is that the single layer perceptron cannot classify single layer perceptron cannot classify single layer perceptron cannot classify nonlinear separable data points and the nonlinear separable data points and the nonlinear separable data points and the second point is that the complex second point is that the complex second point is that the complex problems that involve a lot of problems that involve a lot of problems that involve a lot of parameters cannot be solved by a single parameters cannot be solved by a single parameters cannot be solved by a single layer perceptron. layer perceptron. layer perceptron. Now consider an example here and the Now consider an example here and the Now consider an example here and the complexity which arises when the complexity which arises when the complexity which arises when the parameters are involved to take a parameters are involved to take a parameters are involved to take a decision by a marketing team. So first decision by a marketing team. So first decision by a marketing team. So first of all we have the categories which are of all we have the categories which are of all we have the categories which are the email, direct, paid, refer program the email, direct, paid, refer program the email, direct, paid, refer program or the organic and inside these category or the organic and inside these category or the organic and inside these category we have subcategories which are the we have subcategories which are the we have subcategories which are the Google, Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, we Google, Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, we Google, Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, we have Instagram now and inside that we have Instagram now and inside that we have Instagram now and inside that we have the type of subcategory which are have the type of subcategory which are have the type of subcategory which are the search ads, remarketing ads, the search ads, remarketing ads, the search ads, remarketing ads, interested ads, lookike ads and again if interested ads, lookike ads and again if interested ads, lookike ads and again if we do a subdivision we have the we do a subdivision we have the we do a subdivision we have the parameters to consider which are the parameters to consider which are the parameters to consider which are the customer acquisition cost, we have the customer acquisition cost, we have the customer acquisition cost, we have the money spent, the click rate or the lead money spent, the click rate or the lead money spent, the click rate or the lead generated the customer generated and the generated the customer generated and the generated the customer generated and the time taken to become a customer. So one time taken to become a customer. So one time taken to become a customer. So one neuron cannot take in so many inputs and neuron cannot take in so many inputs and neuron cannot take in so many inputs and that is why more than one neuron would that is why more than one neuron would that is why more than one neuron would be used to solve this problem. Now which be used to solve this problem. Now which be used to solve this problem. Now which brings us to the question what is a brings us to the question what is a brings us to the question what is a multi-layer perceptron. So a multi-layer multi-layer perceptron. So a multi-layer multi-layer perceptron. So a multi-layer perceptron or MLP is a class of feed perceptron or MLP is a class of feed perceptron or MLP is a class of feed forward artificial neural network and it forward artificial neural network and it forward artificial neural network and it is composed of more than one perceptron. is composed of more than one perceptron. is composed of more than one perceptron. They are composed of an input layer to They are composed of an input layer to They are composed of an input layer to receive the signal. An output layer that receive the signal. An output layer that receive the signal. An output layer that makes a decision or the prediction about makes a decision or the prediction about makes a decision or the prediction about the input and in between these two an the input and in between these two an the input and in between these two an arbitrary number of hidden layers that arbitrary number of hidden layers that arbitrary number of hidden layers that are the true computational engine of any are the true computational engine of any are the true computational engine of any multi-layer perceptron. Now one might multi-layer perceptron. Now one might multi-layer perceptron. Now one might ask what are the different paths of any ask what are the different paths of any ask what are the different paths of any multi-layer perceptron or a neural multi-layer perceptron or a neural multi-layer perceptron or a neural network. So first of all what we have network. So first of all what we have network. So first of all what we have are input nodes. So uh the input nodes are input nodes. So uh the input nodes are input nodes. So uh the input nodes provide information from the outside provide information from the outside provide information from the outside world to the network and are together world to the network and are together world to the network and are together referred as the input layer. No referred as the input layer. No referred as the input layer. No computation is performed in any of the computation is performed in any of the computation is performed in any of the input nodes. They just pass the input nodes. They just pass the input nodes. They just pass the information to the hidden layers. Now information to the hidden layers. Now information to the hidden layers. Now hidden nodes have no direct connection hidden nodes have no direct connection hidden nodes have no direct connection with the outside world. Hence the name with the outside world. Hence the name with the outside world. Hence the name hidden. And what they do is they perform hidden. And what they do is they perform hidden. And what they do is they perform computation and transfer the information computation and transfer the information computation and transfer the information from the input nodes to the output from the input nodes to the output from the input nodes to the output nodes. Now a collection of hidden nodes nodes. Now a collection of hidden nodes nodes. Now a collection of hidden nodes forms the hidden layer and while a forms the hidden layer and while a forms the hidden layer and while a network will only have a single input network will only have a single input network will only have a single input layer and a single output layer it can layer and a single output layer it can layer and a single output layer it can have zero to n number of hidden layers have zero to n number of hidden layers have zero to n number of hidden layers and a multi-layer perceptron has more and a multi-layer perceptron has more and a multi-layer perceptron has more than one hidden layer. Now if we talk than one hidden layer. Now if we talk than one hidden layer. Now if we talk about output nodes, the output nodes are about output nodes, the output nodes are about output nodes, the output nodes are collectively referred to as the output collectively referred to as the output collectively referred to as the output layer and are responsible for the layer and are responsible for the layer and are responsible for the computation and transferring information computation and transferring information computation and transferring information from the network to the outside world from the network to the outside world from the network to the outside world and hence and hence they are also and hence and hence they are also and hence and hence they are also responsible for the prediction. Now responsible for the prediction. Now responsible for the prediction. Now coming to our next question, what coming to our next question, what coming to our next question, what exactly is data normalization and why do exactly is data normalization and why do exactly is data normalization and why do we need it? Now data normalization is a we need it? Now data normalization is a we need it? Now data normalization is a very important pre-processing step which very important pre-processing step which very important pre-processing step which is to normalize the data. The data is to normalize the data. The data is to normalize the data. The data should not be either left skewed or should not be either left skewed or should not be either left skewed or right skewed. It should be normal and is right skewed. It should be normal and is right skewed. It should be normal and is used to rescale the values to fit in a used to rescale the values to fit in a used to rescale the values to fit in a specific range to asssure the better specific range to asssure the better specific range to asssure the better convergence during back propagation and convergence during back propagation and convergence during back propagation and in general it boils down to subtracting in general it boils down to subtracting in general it boils down to subtracting the mean of each data point and dividing the mean of each data point and dividing the mean of each data point and dividing by standard deviation so that we get a by standard deviation so that we get a by standard deviation so that we get a normally distributed data and it makes normally distributed data and it makes normally distributed data and it makes computation easy in terms of the back computation easy in terms of the back computation easy in terms of the back propagation in case of neural network. propagation in case of neural network. propagation in case of neural network. So this is a very important part of any So this is a very important part of any So this is a very important part of any deep neural network. Now talking about deep neural network. Now talking about deep neural network. Now talking about deep neural networks so or neural deep neural networks so or neural deep neural networks so or neural networks in general. Coming to our next networks in general. Coming to our next networks in general. Coming to our next question which is now what is better the question which is now what is better the question which is now what is better the deep networks or the shallow ones and deep networks or the shallow ones and deep networks or the shallow ones and why? Now both the networks be it shallow why? Now both the networks be it shallow why? Now both the networks be it shallow or deep are capable of approximating any or deep are capable of approximating any or deep are capable of approximating any function. What matters is how precise function. What matters is how precise function. What matters is how precise that network is in terms of getting the that network is in terms of getting the that network is in terms of getting the result. Now shallow network works with result. Now shallow network works with result. Now shallow network works with only a few features as it cannot extract only a few features as it cannot extract only a few features as it cannot extract more. But a deep network goes deep by more. But a deep network goes deep by more. But a deep network goes deep by computing efficiently and working on computing efficiently and working on computing efficiently and working on more features or the parameters. Now more features or the parameters. Now more features or the parameters. Now deeper networks are able to create deep deeper networks are able to create deep deeper networks are able to create deep representation at every layer. The representation at every layer. The representation at every layer. The network learns a new more abstract network learns a new more abstract network learns a new more abstract representation of the input and hence representation of the input and hence representation of the input and hence deep neural networks are better than the deep neural networks are better than the deep neural networks are better than the shallow ones. So what exactly is weight shallow ones. So what exactly is weight shallow ones. So what exactly is weight initialization in a neural network? Now initialization in a neural network? Now initialization in a neural network? Now as we saw we had weight initialization as we saw we had weight initialization as we saw we had weight initialization in perceptron. So weight initialization in perceptron. So weight initialization in perceptron. So weight initialization is one of the very important steps. A is one of the very important steps. A is one of the very important steps. A bad weight initialization can prevent a bad weight initialization can prevent a bad weight initialization can prevent a network from learning but good weight network from learning but good weight network from learning but good weight initialization can help it in giving initialization can help it in giving initialization can help it in giving quicker convergence and a better overall quicker convergence and a better overall quicker convergence and a better overall error. Now biases can be generally error. Now biases can be generally error. Now biases can be generally initialized to zero. The rule for initialized to zero. The rule for initialized to zero. The rule for setting the weights is to be close to setting the weights is to be close to setting the weights is to be close to zero without being too small because zero without being too small because zero without being too small because every time the weight is being every time the weight is being every time the weight is being multiplied to the inputs, the result multiplied to the inputs, the result multiplied to the inputs, the result gets smaller and smaller. Now talking gets smaller and smaller. Now talking gets smaller and smaller. Now talking about neural networks, what is the about neural networks, what is the about neural networks, what is the difference between a feed forward and a difference between a feed forward and a difference between a feed forward and a back propagation neural network? Now a back propagation neural network? Now a back propagation neural network? Now a feed forward neural network is a type of feed forward neural network is a type of feed forward neural network is a type of neural network architecture where the neural network architecture where the neural network architecture where the connections are fed forward that is they connections are fed forward that is they connections are fed forward that is they do not form cycles. The term feed do not form cycles. The term feed do not form cycles. The term feed forward is also used when you input forward is also used when you input forward is also used when you input something at the input layer and it something at the input layer and it something at the input layer and it travels from the input to the hidden and travels from the input to the hidden and travels from the input to the hidden and from the hidden to the output layer. The from the hidden to the output layer. The from the hidden to the output layer. The values are fed forward. Now back values are fed forward. Now back values are fed forward. Now back propagation is a training algorithm propagation is a training algorithm propagation is a training algorithm which consists of two steps majorly. The which consists of two steps majorly. The which consists of two steps majorly. The first one is feed forwarding the values first one is feed forwarding the values first one is feed forwarding the values and the second one is to calculate the and the second one is to calculate the and the second one is to calculate the error and propagate it back to the error and propagate it back to the error and propagate it back to the earlier layers. So to be precise forward earlier layers. So to be precise forward earlier layers. So to be precise forward propagation is a part of back propagation is a part of back propagation is a part of back propagation algorithm but it comes propagation algorithm but it comes propagation algorithm but it comes before the back propagation. So one before the back propagation. So one before the back propagation. So one might ask the question which is one of might ask the question which is one of might ask the question which is one of the most important questions is that the most important questions is that the most important questions is that what are the hyperparameters in a neural what are the hyperparameters in a neural what are the hyperparameters in a neural networks and name a few of these networks and name a few of these networks and name a few of these hyperparameters. hyperparameters. hyperparameters. So hyperparameters are the variables So hyperparameters are the variables So hyperparameters are the variables which determine the network structure which determine the network structure which determine the network structure that is for example the number of hidden that is for example the number of hidden that is for example the number of hidden units and or the hidden layers and the units and or the hidden layers and the units and or the hidden layers and the variables which determine how the variables which determine how the variables which determine how the network is trained for example the network is trained for example the network is trained for example the learning rate. Now there are two types learning rate. Now there are two types learning rate. Now there are two types of hyperparameters usually one are the of hyperparameters usually one are the of hyperparameters usually one are the network parameters which are associated network parameters which are associated network parameters which are associated to the network. In that case we have the to the network. In that case we have the to the network. In that case we have the number of layers we have the network number of layers we have the network number of layers we have the network weight initialization. We have the weight initialization. We have the weight initialization. We have the activation function and in the training activation function and in the training activation function and in the training parameters we have the learning rate, we parameters we have the learning rate, we parameters we have the learning rate, we have momentum, number of epochs, we have have momentum, number of epochs, we have have momentum, number of epochs, we have the batch size and much more. Now a lot the batch size and much more. Now a lot the batch size and much more. Now a lot of hyperparameters also differ when we of hyperparameters also differ when we of hyperparameters also differ when we work along with different types of work along with different types of work along with different types of neural networks. So as in CNN we get neural networks. So as in CNN we get neural networks. So as in CNN we get extra parameters to work on when extra parameters to work on when extra parameters to work on when considering CNN which are the considering CNN which are the considering CNN which are the convolutional neural networks and convolutional neural networks and convolutional neural networks and sometimes we have to deal with less sometimes we have to deal with less sometimes we have to deal with less number of hyperparameters. It all number of hyperparameters. It all number of hyperparameters. It all depends upon the type of neural network depends upon the type of neural network depends upon the type of neural network which you are using. So uh which brings which you are using. So uh which brings which you are using. So uh which brings us to the next question is that explain us to the next question is that explain us to the next question is that explain the different hyperparameters related to the different hyperparameters related to the different hyperparameters related to networking and training. So in training networking and training. So in training networking and training. So in training we have first of all we have the number we have first of all we have the number we have first of all we have the number of hidden layers. So hidden layers are of hidden layers. So hidden layers are of hidden layers. So hidden layers are the layers between the input and the the layers between the input and the the layers between the input and the output layers as we just discussed and output layers as we just discussed and output layers as we just discussed and many hidden units within a layer with many hidden units within a layer with many hidden units within a layer with regularization technique can increase regularization technique can increase regularization technique can increase the accuracy as smaller number of units the accuracy as smaller number of units the accuracy as smaller number of units may cause underfitting. Now another may cause underfitting. Now another may cause underfitting. Now another important aspect is network weight important aspect is network weight important aspect is network weight initialization. So ideally it may be initialization. So ideally it may be initialization. So ideally it may be better to use different weight better to use different weight better to use different weight initialization schemes according to the initialization schemes according to the initialization schemes according to the activation function used on each layer. activation function used on each layer. activation function used on each layer. Mostly uniform distribution is used or Mostly uniform distribution is used or Mostly uniform distribution is used or the normal distribution. Now if we talk the normal distribution. Now if we talk the normal distribution. Now if we talk about activation function so they are about activation function so they are about activation function so they are also used to introduce nonlinearity to also used to introduce nonlinearity to also used to introduce nonlinearity to the models. They're also used to the models. They're also used to the models. They're also used to introduce nonlinearity to the models introduce nonlinearity to the models introduce nonlinearity to the models which allows deep learning models to which allows deep learning models to which allows deep learning models to learn nonlinear prediction boundaries. learn nonlinear prediction boundaries. learn nonlinear prediction boundaries. Now generally the rectifier activation Now generally the rectifier activation Now generally the rectifier activation function or the relu is the most function or the relu is the most function or the relu is the most popular. Now if we talk about the popular. Now if we talk about the popular. Now if we talk about the training parameters, so these were the training parameters, so these were the training parameters, so these were the network parameters which have to be network parameters which have to be network parameters which have to be initialized to a deep neural network initialized to a deep neural network initialized to a deep neural network before the training begins. And just before the training begins. And just before the training begins. And just before the training we have the training before the training we have the training before the training we have the training parameters which are the learning rate. parameters which are the learning rate. parameters which are the learning rate. So the learning rate defines how quickly So the learning rate defines how quickly So the learning rate defines how quickly a network updates its parameter. Low a network updates its parameter. Low a network updates its parameter. Low learning rate slows down the learning learning rate slows down the learning learning rate slows down the learning process but converts smoothly. A larger process but converts smoothly. A larger process but converts smoothly. A larger learning rate speeds up the learning but learning rate speeds up the learning but learning rate speeds up the learning but may not converge as smooth as a low may not converge as smooth as a low may not converge as smooth as a low learning rate. Usually a decaying learning rate. Usually a decaying learning rate. Usually a decaying learning rate is preferred so that we learning rate is preferred so that we learning rate is preferred so that we get the best of both worlds and we get get the best of both worlds and we get get the best of both worlds and we get the best expected output. Now another the best expected output. Now another the best expected output. Now another hyperparameter is momentum. So momentum hyperparameter is momentum. So momentum hyperparameter is momentum. So momentum helps us to know the direction of the helps us to know the direction of the helps us to know the direction of the next step with the knowledge of the next step with the knowledge of the next step with the knowledge of the previous step. Now it helps to prevent previous step. Now it helps to prevent previous step. Now it helps to prevent oscillation and a typical choice of oscillation and a typical choice of oscillation and a typical choice of momentum is between 0.5 to 0.9. Now if momentum is between 0.5 to 0.9. Now if momentum is between 0.5 to 0.9. Now if we talk about the number of epochs. So we talk about the number of epochs. So we talk about the number of epochs. So epoch is basically iterations. So number epoch is basically iterations. So number epoch is basically iterations. So number of epochs is the number of times the of epochs is the number of times the of epochs is the number of times the whole training data is shown to the whole training data is shown to the whole training data is shown to the network while training. So increase the network while training. So increase the network while training. So increase the number of epochs until the validation number of epochs until the validation number of epochs until the validation accuracy starts decreasing your accuracy starts decreasing your accuracy starts decreasing your inventoring accuracy is increasing. So inventoring accuracy is increasing. So inventoring accuracy is increasing. So that results in sometimes overfitting. that results in sometimes overfitting. that results in sometimes overfitting. And if we talk about the batch size, so And if we talk about the batch size, so And if we talk about the batch size, so mini batch size is the number of mini batch size is the number of mini batch size is the number of subsamples given to the network after subsamples given to the network after subsamples given to the network after which parameters update happen. So a which parameters update happen. So a which parameters update happen. So a good default for batch size might be 32 good default for batch size might be 32 good default for batch size might be 32 or 16 64. It depends upon the size of or 16 64. It depends upon the size of or 16 64. It depends upon the size of you know the data you have. It can be you know the data you have. It can be you know the data you have. It can be any arbitrary number but it's always any arbitrary number but it's always any arbitrary number but it's always better to have it in the power of two. better to have it in the power of two. better to have it in the power of two. Right? So while we were talking about Right? So while we were talking about Right? So while we were talking about overfitting which brings us to our next overfitting which brings us to our next overfitting which brings us to our next question which is what exactly is a question which is what exactly is a question which is what exactly is a dropout. So dropout is a regularization dropout. So dropout is a regularization dropout. So dropout is a regularization technique to avoid overfitting which is technique to avoid overfitting which is technique to avoid overfitting which is to increase the validation accuracy thus to increase the validation accuracy thus to increase the validation accuracy thus increasing the generalization power. Now increasing the generalization power. Now increasing the generalization power. Now generally use a small dropward value of generally use a small dropward value of generally use a small dropward value of 20% to 50% of the neurons with 20% 20% to 50% of the neurons with 20% 20% to 50% of the neurons with 20% providing a good starting point and a providing a good starting point and a providing a good starting point and a probability too low has minimal effect probability too low has minimal effect probability too low has minimal effect and a value too high results in and a value too high results in and a value too high results in underarning by the network. So first of underarning by the network. So first of underarning by the network. So first of all what you need to do is use a large all what you need to do is use a large all what you need to do is use a large network and you are likely to get better network and you are likely to get better network and you are likely to get better performance when the dropout is used on performance when the dropout is used on performance when the dropout is used on a larger network giving the model more a larger network giving the model more a larger network giving the model more of an opportunity to learn independent of an opportunity to learn independent of an opportunity to learn independent representation. Now our next question is representation. Now our next question is representation. Now our next question is in a neural network you notice that the in a neural network you notice that the in a neural network you notice that the loss does not decrease in the few loss does not decrease in the few loss does not decrease in the few starting epochs. So what could be the starting epochs. So what could be the starting epochs. So what could be the possible reason for this to happen? Now possible reason for this to happen? Now possible reason for this to happen? Now the correct answer is the reason for the correct answer is the reason for the correct answer is the reason for this could be the learning rate is low this could be the learning rate is low this could be the learning rate is low first of all or it might be the first of all or it might be the first of all or it might be the regularization parameter is high or it regularization parameter is high or it regularization parameter is high or it can be it is stuck at local minima. So can be it is stuck at local minima. So can be it is stuck at local minima. So it might take certain iteration to go it might take certain iteration to go it might take certain iteration to go out of that local minima and finally out of that local minima and finally out of that local minima and finally reach the lowest point. So it might reach the lowest point. So it might reach the lowest point. So it might happen in some cases that it is stuck at happen in some cases that it is stuck at happen in some cases that it is stuck at local minima. So another approach to local minima. So another approach to local minima. So another approach to that sort of problem must be initiated that sort of problem must be initiated that sort of problem must be initiated at that particular point of time. Now at that particular point of time. Now at that particular point of time. Now talking about deep learning, one might talking about deep learning, one might talking about deep learning, one might ask to name you a few deep learning ask to name you a few deep learning ask to name you a few deep learning frameworks which are being used in the frameworks which are being used in the frameworks which are being used in the industry. So first of all the foremost industry. So first of all the foremost industry. So first of all the foremost and the most amazing deep learning and the most amazing deep learning and the most amazing deep learning library is the TensorFlow. Followed by library is the TensorFlow. Followed by library is the TensorFlow. Followed by we have cafe. We have the Microsoft we have cafe. We have the Microsoft we have cafe. We have the Microsoft cognitive toolkit which is the CNTK. We cognitive toolkit which is the CNTK. We cognitive toolkit which is the CNTK. We have Torch or PyTorch which is giving a have Torch or PyTorch which is giving a have Torch or PyTorch which is giving a good battle or it's standing out from good battle or it's standing out from good battle or it's standing out from the crowd and people are sometimes the crowd and people are sometimes the crowd and people are sometimes preferring PyTorch over TensorFlow. Now preferring PyTorch over TensorFlow. Now preferring PyTorch over TensorFlow. Now MXNet is another deep learning MXNet is another deep learning MXNet is another deep learning framework. We have Chainer and we have framework. We have Chainer and we have framework. We have Chainer and we have KAS. Now kas as you know can be KAS. Now kas as you know can be KAS. Now kas as you know can be integrated with theo as well as integrated with theo as well as integrated with theo as well as tensorflow and kas has been considered tensorflow and kas has been considered tensorflow and kas has been considered one of the best or the simplest deep one of the best or the simplest deep one of the best or the simplest deep learning framework when it comes to deep learning framework when it comes to deep learning framework when it comes to deep learning. Now one might ask what exactly learning. Now one might ask what exactly learning. Now one might ask what exactly are tensors? So tensors are nothing but are tensors? So tensors are nothing but are tensors? So tensors are nothing but a def factor for representing the data a def factor for representing the data a def factor for representing the data in deep learning. What I meant to say in deep learning. What I meant to say in deep learning. What I meant to say that tensors are just multi-dimensional that tensors are just multi-dimensional that tensors are just multi-dimensional arrays that allows you to represent the arrays that allows you to represent the arrays that allows you to represent the data having higher dimensions. In data having higher dimensions. In data having higher dimensions. In general deep learning you deal with general deep learning you deal with general deep learning you deal with highdimensional data sets where highdimensional data sets where highdimensional data sets where dimensional refer to the different dimensional refer to the different dimensional refer to the different features present in the data set. So features present in the data set. So features present in the data set. So what you need is a multi-dimensional what you need is a multi-dimensional what you need is a multi-dimensional sort of array or a data structure what sort of array or a data structure what sort of array or a data structure what you could say. So that's what exactly you could say. So that's what exactly you could say. So that's what exactly tensor is and in fact the name tensor is and in fact the name tensor is and in fact the name tensorflow has been derived from the tensorflow has been derived from the tensorflow has been derived from the operations which the neural network operations which the neural network operations which the neural network perform on tensor. So it's literally a perform on tensor. So it's literally a perform on tensor. So it's literally a flow of tensor. Now talking about flow of tensor. Now talking about flow of tensor. Now talking about TensorFlow one might ask since it's the TensorFlow one might ask since it's the TensorFlow one might ask since it's the most popular deep learning framework and most popular deep learning framework and most popular deep learning framework and companies prefer people having the companies prefer people having the companies prefer people having the knowledge of TensorFlow and been working knowledge of TensorFlow and been working knowledge of TensorFlow and been working on it. So what are the few advantages of on it. So what are the few advantages of on it. So what are the few advantages of TensorFlow? So first of all it has the TensorFlow? So first of all it has the TensorFlow? So first of all it has the platform flexibility. It is easily platform flexibility. It is easily platform flexibility. It is easily trainable on CPU as well as GPU for trainable on CPU as well as GPU for trainable on CPU as well as GPU for distributed computing. Now, TensorFlow distributed computing. Now, TensorFlow distributed computing. Now, TensorFlow has auto differentiation capabilities has auto differentiation capabilities has auto differentiation capabilities and it has advanced support for threads, and it has advanced support for threads, and it has advanced support for threads, asynchronous computation and it is a asynchronous computation and it is a asynchronous computation and it is a customizable and open-source framework. customizable and open-source framework. customizable and open-source framework. And most importantly, if we talk about And most importantly, if we talk about And most importantly, if we talk about the latest TensorFlow 2.0 which has just the latest TensorFlow 2.0 which has just the latest TensorFlow 2.0 which has just been released. So those come up with a been released. So those come up with a been released. So those come up with a lot of interesting features and it has lot of interesting features and it has lot of interesting features and it has adopted KAS as its highle API fully. So adopted KAS as its highle API fully. So adopted KAS as its highle API fully. So that the coding aspect of it is much that the coding aspect of it is much that the coding aspect of it is much simplified and eager execution is now by simplified and eager execution is now by simplified and eager execution is now by default so that you do not have to write default so that you do not have to write default so that you do not have to write loads and loads of line of code. And if loads and loads of line of code. And if loads and loads of line of code. And if you want to know more about TensorFlow you want to know more about TensorFlow you want to know more about TensorFlow 2.0 and why it's the best deep learning 2.0 and why it's the best deep learning 2.0 and why it's the best deep learning framework in the industry right now, framework in the industry right now, framework in the industry right now, just go ahead and check our TensorFlow just go ahead and check our TensorFlow just go ahead and check our TensorFlow 2.0 video. I'll leave the link in the 2.0 video. I'll leave the link in the 2.0 video. I'll leave the link in the description box below. Go check it out description box below. Go check it out description box below. Go check it out guys and understand how exactly is it guys and understand how exactly is it guys and understand how exactly is it better from the previous version and why better from the previous version and why better from the previous version and why it is the best deep learning framework it is the best deep learning framework it is the best deep learning framework right now. Now talking about right now. Now talking about right now. Now talking about computational graphs one might ask what computational graphs one might ask what computational graphs one might ask what exactly they are. So well a exactly they are. So well a exactly they are. So well a computational graph is a series of computational graph is a series of computational graph is a series of tensorflow operations arranged as nodes tensorflow operations arranged as nodes tensorflow operations arranged as nodes in the graph. Now each node takes zero in the graph. Now each node takes zero in the graph. Now each node takes zero or more tensors as input and produces a or more tensors as input and produces a or more tensors as input and produces a tensor as output. Now basically one can tensor as output. Now basically one can tensor as output. Now basically one can think of a computational graph as an think of a computational graph as an think of a computational graph as an alternative way of conceptualizing alternative way of conceptualizing alternative way of conceptualizing mathematical calculation that take place mathematical calculation that take place mathematical calculation that take place in a TensorFlow program. Now the in a TensorFlow program. Now the in a TensorFlow program. Now the operations assigned to the different operations assigned to the different operations assigned to the different nodes of a computational graph can be nodes of a computational graph can be nodes of a computational graph can be performed in parallel thus providing performed in parallel thus providing performed in parallel thus providing better performance in terms of better performance in terms of better performance in terms of computation. computation. computation. So one might ask what exactly is a So one might ask what exactly is a So one might ask what exactly is a convolution neural network? Now a convolution neural network? Now a convolution neural network? Now a convolution neural network or CNN or convolution neural network or CNN or convolution neural network or CNN or connet is a class of deep learning connet is a class of deep learning connet is a class of deep learning neural networks which is most commonly neural networks which is most commonly neural networks which is most commonly applied to analyzing the visual imagery. applied to analyzing the visual imagery. applied to analyzing the visual imagery. So CNN use a variation of the So CNN use a variation of the So CNN use a variation of the multi-layer proceptron uh designed to multi-layer proceptron uh designed to multi-layer proceptron uh designed to require minimal processing. Now one require minimal processing. Now one require minimal processing. Now one might ask the next question if you are might ask the next question if you are might ask the next question if you are going for an interview which requires going for an interview which requires going for an interview which requires you to work with a lot of images or you to work with a lot of images or you to work with a lot of images or videos. So in that case CNN's are very videos. So in that case CNN's are very videos. So in that case CNN's are very much used. So having a good knowledge of much used. So having a good knowledge of much used. So having a good knowledge of CNN is always better in that case. So CNN is always better in that case. So CNN is always better in that case. So the next question what we have here is the next question what we have here is the next question what we have here is what are the various layers of CNN. Now what are the various layers of CNN. Now what are the various layers of CNN. Now there are four layered concepts everyone there are four layered concepts everyone there are four layered concepts everyone should understand in convolutional should understand in convolutional should understand in convolutional neural networks are first the neural networks are first the neural networks are first the convolutional layer, the second is the convolutional layer, the second is the convolutional layer, the second is the ReLU layer and finally we have the ReLU layer and finally we have the ReLU layer and finally we have the pooling layer and finally we end up with pooling layer and finally we end up with pooling layer and finally we end up with the full connectedness or the full the full connectedness or the full the full connectedness or the full connected layer. Now if we talk about connected layer. Now if we talk about connected layer. Now if we talk about CNN we have to talk about RNN also. So CNN we have to talk about RNN also. So CNN we have to talk about RNN also. So one might ask what exactly is RNN? So one might ask what exactly is RNN? So one might ask what exactly is RNN? So RNN or the recurren networks are a type RNN or the recurren networks are a type RNN or the recurren networks are a type of artificial neural networks which are of artificial neural networks which are of artificial neural networks which are designed to recognize the patterns in designed to recognize the patterns in designed to recognize the patterns in the sequence of data such as text the sequence of data such as text the sequence of data such as text genomes handwriting the spoken word genomes handwriting the spoken word genomes handwriting the spoken word numerical time series data from sensors numerical time series data from sensors numerical time series data from sensors the stock markets and the government the stock markets and the government the stock markets and the government agencies. So recurrent neural networks agencies. So recurrent neural networks agencies. So recurrent neural networks use back propagation algorithm for use back propagation algorithm for use back propagation algorithm for training but it is applied for every training but it is applied for every training but it is applied for every time stamp. It is commonly known as back time stamp. It is commonly known as back time stamp. It is commonly known as back propagation through time which is BTT. propagation through time which is BTT. propagation through time which is BTT. Now our next question is what are some Now our next question is what are some Now our next question is what are some issues faced while training an RNN? So issues faced while training an RNN? So issues faced while training an RNN? So recurrent neural networks use back recurrent neural networks use back recurrent neural networks use back propagation algorithm as I just propagation algorithm as I just propagation algorithm as I just mentioned for training but it is applied mentioned for training but it is applied mentioned for training but it is applied for every time stamp and there are some for every time stamp and there are some for every time stamp and there are some issues with back propagation such as issues with back propagation such as issues with back propagation such as vanishing gradient or the exploring vanishing gradient or the exploring vanishing gradient or the exploring gradient where the gradient vanishes or gradient where the gradient vanishes or gradient where the gradient vanishes or it is too much to handle which brings us it is too much to handle which brings us it is too much to handle which brings us to the next set of questions. The first to the next set of questions. The first to the next set of questions. The first of which is what exactly is a vanishing of which is what exactly is a vanishing of which is what exactly is a vanishing gradient and how is it harmful. Now when gradient and how is it harmful. Now when gradient and how is it harmful. Now when we do back propagation that is move we do back propagation that is move we do back propagation that is move backward in the network and calculating backward in the network and calculating backward in the network and calculating gradients of loss which is the error gradients of loss which is the error gradients of loss which is the error with respect to the weights the with respect to the weights the with respect to the weights the gradients tend to get smaller and gradients tend to get smaller and gradients tend to get smaller and smaller as we keep on moving backward in smaller as we keep on moving backward in smaller as we keep on moving backward in the network. Now this means that the the network. Now this means that the the network. Now this means that the neurons in the earlier layers learn very neurons in the earlier layers learn very neurons in the earlier layers learn very slowly as compared to the neurons in the slowly as compared to the neurons in the slowly as compared to the neurons in the later layers in the hierarchy. Now the later layers in the hierarchy. Now the later layers in the hierarchy. Now the earlier layers in the networks are the earlier layers in the networks are the earlier layers in the networks are the slowest to train. Now how is this slowest to train. Now how is this slowest to train. Now how is this harmful? So earlier layers in the neural harmful? So earlier layers in the neural harmful? So earlier layers in the neural networks are important because they are networks are important because they are networks are important because they are responsible to learn and detect the responsible to learn and detect the responsible to learn and detect the simple patterns and are actually the simple patterns and are actually the simple patterns and are actually the building blocks of our neural network. building blocks of our neural network. building blocks of our neural network. Obviously if they give improper and Obviously if they give improper and Obviously if they give improper and inaccurate result then how can we expect inaccurate result then how can we expect inaccurate result then how can we expect the next layer and the complete network the next layer and the complete network the next layer and the complete network to perform nicely and produce the to perform nicely and produce the to perform nicely and produce the accurate result. So the training process accurate result. So the training process accurate result. So the training process takes too long and the prediction takes too long and the prediction takes too long and the prediction accuracy of the model will decrease. Now accuracy of the model will decrease. Now accuracy of the model will decrease. Now another question here arises is what another question here arises is what another question here arises is what exactly is then exploding gradient exactly is then exploding gradient exactly is then exploding gradient descent. Now this is just the opposite descent. Now this is just the opposite descent. Now this is just the opposite of vanishing gradient descent. So of vanishing gradient descent. So of vanishing gradient descent. So exploding gradients are a problem when exploding gradients are a problem when exploding gradients are a problem when large error gradients accumulate and large error gradients accumulate and large error gradients accumulate and result in very large updates to the result in very large updates to the result in very large updates to the neural network model weights during neural network model weights during neural network model weights during training. So the gradients are used training. So the gradients are used training. So the gradients are used during the training to update the during the training to update the during the training to update the network weights. But typically when this network weights. But typically when this network weights. But typically when this process works best is when this weights process works best is when this weights process works best is when this weights are small and controlled when the are small and controlled when the are small and controlled when the magnitudes of the gradients accumulate magnitudes of the gradients accumulate magnitudes of the gradients accumulate and the unstable network is likely to and the unstable network is likely to and the unstable network is likely to occur. Now which causes a poor occur. Now which causes a poor occur. Now which causes a poor prediction and results or even a model prediction and results or even a model prediction and results or even a model that reports nothing useful whatsoever. that reports nothing useful whatsoever. that reports nothing useful whatsoever. So vanishing gradient and the exploding So vanishing gradient and the exploding So vanishing gradient and the exploding gradient are two problems which occur gradient are two problems which occur gradient are two problems which occur while the back propagation happens in a while the back propagation happens in a while the back propagation happens in a recurrent neural network. So our next recurrent neural network. So our next recurrent neural network. So our next question is what are LSTM? So long question is what are LSTM? So long question is what are LSTM? So long short-term memory which are the LSTM is short-term memory which are the LSTM is short-term memory which are the LSTM is an artificial recurrent neural network an artificial recurrent neural network an artificial recurrent neural network architecture used in the field of deep architecture used in the field of deep architecture used in the field of deep learning and unlike standard feed learning and unlike standard feed learning and unlike standard feed forward neural networks the LSTM has forward neural networks the LSTM has forward neural networks the LSTM has feedback connection that make it a feedback connection that make it a feedback connection that make it a generalpurpose computer. Now it can not generalpurpose computer. Now it can not generalpurpose computer. Now it can not only process single data points but also only process single data points but also only process single data points but also the entire sequence of data. They are a the entire sequence of data. They are a the entire sequence of data. They are a special kind of RNN or the recurren special kind of RNN or the recurren special kind of RNN or the recurren neuronet network which are capable of neuronet network which are capable of neuronet network which are capable of learning long-term dependencies. learning long-term dependencies. learning long-term dependencies. Now one might ask what are capsules in a Now one might ask what are capsules in a Now one might ask what are capsules in a capsule neural network. So capsules are capsule neural network. So capsules are capsule neural network. So capsules are vector or what we can say an element vector or what we can say an element vector or what we can say an element with a size and a direction specifying with a size and a direction specifying with a size and a direction specifying the features of the object and its the features of the object and its the features of the object and its likelihood. Now these features can be likelihood. Now these features can be likelihood. Now these features can be any of the instantiation parameters like any of the instantiation parameters like any of the instantiation parameters like the pose. We have the position, size, the pose. We have the position, size, the pose. We have the position, size, orientation, deformationation, velocity, orientation, deformationation, velocity, orientation, deformationation, velocity, the albido which is the light the albido which is the light the albido which is the light reflection, hue, texture and much more. reflection, hue, texture and much more. reflection, hue, texture and much more. A capsule can also specify its A capsule can also specify its A capsule can also specify its attributes like angle and size. So it attributes like angle and size. So it attributes like angle and size. So it can represent with the same genic can represent with the same genic can represent with the same genic information. Now just like a neural information. Now just like a neural information. Now just like a neural network has layers of neurons, a capsule network has layers of neurons, a capsule network has layers of neurons, a capsule network can have layers capsules. So network can have layers capsules. So network can have layers capsules. So there could be higher capsules there could be higher capsules there could be higher capsules representing the group of objects or the representing the group of objects or the representing the group of objects or the capsules below them. Now this helps in capsules below them. Now this helps in capsules below them. Now this helps in getting deeper knowledge of a particular getting deeper knowledge of a particular getting deeper knowledge of a particular object or a particular data set and object or a particular data set and object or a particular data set and having the knowledge from different having the knowledge from different having the knowledge from different aspects or different angles. So the next aspects or different angles. So the next aspects or different angles. So the next question arises is explain autoenccoders question arises is explain autoenccoders question arises is explain autoenccoders and its uses. So an autoenccoder neural and its uses. So an autoenccoder neural and its uses. So an autoenccoder neural networks is an unsupervised machine networks is an unsupervised machine networks is an unsupervised machine learning algorithm that applies the back learning algorithm that applies the back learning algorithm that applies the back propagation setting the target values to propagation setting the target values to propagation setting the target values to be equal to the inputs. So autoenccoders be equal to the inputs. So autoenccoders be equal to the inputs. So autoenccoders are used to reduce the size of our are used to reduce the size of our are used to reduce the size of our inputs into smaller representation and inputs into smaller representation and inputs into smaller representation and if anyone needs the original data they if anyone needs the original data they if anyone needs the original data they can reconstruct it from the compressed can reconstruct it from the compressed can reconstruct it from the compressed data. Now one might ask the question how data. Now one might ask the question how data. Now one might ask the question how does autoenccoder differ from PCA? So an does autoenccoder differ from PCA? So an does autoenccoder differ from PCA? So an autoenccoder can learn from nonlinear autoenccoder can learn from nonlinear autoenccoder can learn from nonlinear transformation with a nonlinear transformation with a nonlinear transformation with a nonlinear activation function and multiple layer. activation function and multiple layer. activation function and multiple layer. It does not have to learn tense layers. It does not have to learn tense layers. It does not have to learn tense layers. It can use convolution layers to learn It can use convolution layers to learn It can use convolution layers to learn which is better for video image and which is better for video image and which is better for video image and series data. It is more efficient to series data. It is more efficient to series data. It is more efficient to learn several layers with an learn several layers with an learn several layers with an autoenccoder rather than learn one huge autoenccoder rather than learn one huge autoenccoder rather than learn one huge transformation with the PCA. An transformation with the PCA. An transformation with the PCA. An autoenccoder provides a representation autoenccoder provides a representation autoenccoder provides a representation of each layer as the output and can take of each layer as the output and can take of each layer as the output and can take the use of pre-trained layers from other the use of pre-trained layers from other the use of pre-trained layers from other model to apply transfer the learning to model to apply transfer the learning to model to apply transfer the learning to enhance the encoder or the decoder. So enhance the encoder or the decoder. So enhance the encoder or the decoder. So these are few of the reasons why these are few of the reasons why these are few of the reasons why autoenccoders are better from PCA as we autoenccoders are better from PCA as we autoenccoders are better from PCA as we know both of them perform the same task know both of them perform the same task know both of them perform the same task which is mostly dimensionality which is mostly dimensionality which is mostly dimensionality reduction. Now give some real life reduction. Now give some real life reduction. Now give some real life examples where autoenccoders can be examples where autoenccoders can be examples where autoenccoders can be applied. So the first of all we talk applied. So the first of all we talk applied. So the first of all we talk about dimensionality reduction or the about dimensionality reduction or the about dimensionality reduction or the first thing that should pop up in your first thing that should pop up in your first thing that should pop up in your mind is dimensionality reduction. So the mind is dimensionality reduction. So the mind is dimensionality reduction. So the recrossected image is the same as our recrossected image is the same as our recrossected image is the same as our input image but with reduced dimensions. input image but with reduced dimensions. input image but with reduced dimensions. Now it helps in providing similar image Now it helps in providing similar image Now it helps in providing similar image with reduced pixel value and it can be with reduced pixel value and it can be with reduced pixel value and it can be used in various areas where we have used in various areas where we have used in various areas where we have limited storage or we have limited limited storage or we have limited limited storage or we have limited processing power. So when there is a processing power. So when there is a processing power. So when there is a high input or an image or a data with high input or an image or a data with high input or an image or a data with high dimension or which has higher high dimension or which has higher high dimension or which has higher values pixel values it can compress and values pixel values it can compress and values pixel values it can compress and provide the same image with a lower provide the same image with a lower provide the same image with a lower pixel value. Right? Or colors are used pixel value. Right? Or colors are used pixel value. Right? Or colors are used for converting any black and white for converting any black and white for converting any black and white picture into a colored image. Believe it picture into a colored image. Believe it picture into a colored image. Believe it or not and depending on what is in the or not and depending on what is in the or not and depending on what is in the picture it is possible to tell what the picture it is possible to tell what the picture it is possible to tell what the color should be. Now feature variation. color should be. Now feature variation. color should be. Now feature variation. If we talk about feature variation, it If we talk about feature variation, it If we talk about feature variation, it attracts only the required features of attracts only the required features of attracts only the required features of an image and generates the output by an image and generates the output by an image and generates the output by removing any unnecessary noise or removing any unnecessary noise or removing any unnecessary noise or unnecessary interruption. And if we talk unnecessary interruption. And if we talk unnecessary interruption. And if we talk about dnoising image, the input seen by about dnoising image, the input seen by about dnoising image, the input seen by an autoenccoder is not the raw input but an autoenccoder is not the raw input but an autoenccoder is not the raw input but a stochastically corrupted version. A a stochastically corrupted version. A a stochastically corrupted version. A dinoising autoenccoder is thus trained dinoising autoenccoder is thus trained dinoising autoenccoder is thus trained to reconstruct the original input from to reconstruct the original input from to reconstruct the original input from the noisy version. Not talking about the noisy version. Not talking about the noisy version. Not talking about autoenccoders, one might ask about the autoenccoders, one might ask about the autoenccoders, one might ask about the different layers of the autoenccoders. different layers of the autoenccoders. different layers of the autoenccoders. So basically an autoenccoder consists of So basically an autoenccoder consists of So basically an autoenccoder consists of three layers which is the encoder we three layers which is the encoder we three layers which is the encoder we have the code and a decoder which brings have the code and a decoder which brings have the code and a decoder which brings us to the next question explain the us to the next question explain the us to the next question explain the architecture of an autoenccoder. If you architecture of an autoenccoder. If you architecture of an autoenccoder. If you talk about the three layers which are talk about the three layers which are talk about the three layers which are encoder code and decoder. So if you talk encoder code and decoder. So if you talk encoder code and decoder. So if you talk about encoder this part of the network about encoder this part of the network about encoder this part of the network compresses the input into a latent space compresses the input into a latent space compresses the input into a latent space representation. Now the encoder layer representation. Now the encoder layer representation. Now the encoder layer encodes the input images as a compressed encodes the input images as a compressed encodes the input images as a compressed representation in a reduced dimension representation in a reduced dimension representation in a reduced dimension and the compressed image is the and the compressed image is the and the compressed image is the distorted version of the original image. distorted version of the original image. distorted version of the original image. Now coming to the middle part which is Now coming to the middle part which is Now coming to the middle part which is the code. So this part of the network the code. So this part of the network the code. So this part of the network represents the compressed input which is represents the compressed input which is represents the compressed input which is fed to the decoder. It is basically the fed to the decoder. It is basically the fed to the decoder. It is basically the channel. And if you talk about decoder, channel. And if you talk about decoder, channel. And if you talk about decoder, this layer decodes the encoded image this layer decodes the encoded image this layer decodes the encoded image back into the original dimension. And a back into the original dimension. And a back into the original dimension. And a decoded image is a lossy reconstruction decoded image is a lossy reconstruction decoded image is a lossy reconstruction of the original image and it's of the original image and it's of the original image and it's reconstructed from the latent space reconstructed from the latent space reconstructed from the latent space representation. Now one might ask what representation. Now one might ask what representation. Now one might ask what exactly is bottleneck in an autoenccoder exactly is bottleneck in an autoenccoder exactly is bottleneck in an autoenccoder and why is it used. Now the layer and why is it used. Now the layer and why is it used. Now the layer between the encoder and the decoder that between the encoder and the decoder that between the encoder and the decoder that is the code is also known as bottleneck. is the code is also known as bottleneck. is the code is also known as bottleneck. So this is a well-designed approach to So this is a well-designed approach to So this is a well-designed approach to decide which aspect of the observed data decide which aspect of the observed data decide which aspect of the observed data are relevant information and what are relevant information and what are relevant information and what aspects can be discarded. It does this aspects can be discarded. It does this aspects can be discarded. It does this by balancing two criterias. The first by balancing two criterias. The first by balancing two criterias. The first the compactness of the representation the compactness of the representation the compactness of the representation measured as the compressibility and measured as the compressibility and measured as the compressibility and second it retains some behaviorally second it retains some behaviorally second it retains some behaviorally relevant variables from the input. Now relevant variables from the input. Now relevant variables from the input. Now one might ask are there any variation of one might ask are there any variation of one might ask are there any variation of autoenccoders? Surely there are. So autoenccoders? Surely there are. So autoenccoders? Surely there are. So there are conventional autoenccoders, we there are conventional autoenccoders, we there are conventional autoenccoders, we have sparse autoenccoders, we have deep have sparse autoenccoders, we have deep have sparse autoenccoders, we have deep autoenccoders, we have contractive autoenccoders, we have contractive autoenccoders, we have contractive autoenccoders. autoenccoders. autoenccoders. All of these autoenccoders have a All of these autoenccoders have a All of these autoenccoders have a different structure or the different different structure or the different different structure or the different code layer. If you talk about the code layer. If you talk about the code layer. If you talk about the convolutional autoenccoder, we have the convolutional autoenccoder, we have the convolutional autoenccoder, we have the convolutional CNN algorithm sort of convolutional CNN algorithm sort of convolutional CNN algorithm sort of structure in that particular structure in that particular structure in that particular autoenccoder with encoder in one side. autoenccoder with encoder in one side. autoenccoder with encoder in one side. We have the convolution layers, the ReLU We have the convolution layers, the ReLU We have the convolution layers, the ReLU layer, the pooling layer inside it and layer, the pooling layer inside it and layer, the pooling layer inside it and then finally we have the decoding layer. then finally we have the decoding layer. then finally we have the decoding layer. So another question what might pop into So another question what might pop into So another question what might pop into the interviewer's mind is what are deep the interviewer's mind is what are deep the interviewer's mind is what are deep autoenccoders? So the extension of autoenccoders? So the extension of autoenccoders? So the extension of simple autoenccoders is a deep simple autoenccoders is a deep simple autoenccoders is a deep autoenccoders. The first layer of the autoenccoders. The first layer of the autoenccoders. The first layer of the deep autoenccoders is used for first deep autoenccoders is used for first deep autoenccoders is used for first order features in the raw input. Now the order features in the raw input. Now the order features in the raw input. Now the second layer is used for second order second layer is used for second order second layer is used for second order features corresponding to the patterns features corresponding to the patterns features corresponding to the patterns in the appearance of the first order in the appearance of the first order in the appearance of the first order features. So the deeper layers of the features. So the deeper layers of the features. So the deeper layers of the deep autoenccoders tend to learn even deep autoenccoders tend to learn even deep autoenccoders tend to learn even higher order features. So a deep higher order features. So a deep higher order features. So a deep autoenccoders is composed of two autoenccoders is composed of two autoenccoders is composed of two symmetrical deep belief networks. first symmetrical deep belief networks. first symmetrical deep belief networks. first four or five shallow layers representing four or five shallow layers representing four or five shallow layers representing the encoding half of the net and the the encoding half of the net and the the encoding half of the net and the second set of four or five layers that second set of four or five layers that second set of four or five layers that make up the decoding half. Interesting, make up the decoding half. Interesting, make up the decoding half. Interesting, right? So another important topic in right? So another important topic in right? So another important topic in deep learning are the restricted bolton deep learning are the restricted bolton deep learning are the restricted bolton machine. So one might ask what exactly machine. So one might ask what exactly machine. So one might ask what exactly is an RBM or restricted machine. So, RBM is an RBM or restricted machine. So, RBM is an RBM or restricted machine. So, RBM is an undirected graphical model that is an undirected graphical model that is an undirected graphical model that plays a major role in deep learning plays a major role in deep learning plays a major role in deep learning framework in recent times and it is an framework in recent times and it is an framework in recent times and it is an algorithm which is used for algorithm which is used for algorithm which is used for dimensionality reduction. Not only that, dimensionality reduction. Not only that, dimensionality reduction. Not only that, it is used for classification, it is used for classification, it is used for classification, regression, collaborating, filtering, regression, collaborating, filtering, regression, collaborating, filtering, feature learning and topic model. So feature learning and topic model. So feature learning and topic model. So when we talk about RBM being useful for when we talk about RBM being useful for when we talk about RBM being useful for dimensionality reduction, another dimensionality reduction, another dimensionality reduction, another question might arise is how does RBM question might arise is how does RBM question might arise is how does RBM differ from the autoenccoders? So differ from the autoenccoders? So differ from the autoenccoders? So autoenccoders is a simple three-layer autoenccoders is a simple three-layer autoenccoders is a simple three-layer neural network where output units are neural network where output units are neural network where output units are directly connected back to the input directly connected back to the input directly connected back to the input units. Typically the number of hidden units. Typically the number of hidden units. Typically the number of hidden units is much less than the number of units is much less than the number of units is much less than the number of visible ones and the task of training is visible ones and the task of training is visible ones and the task of training is to minimize an error or the to minimize an error or the to minimize an error or the reconstruction that is find the most reconstruction that is find the most reconstruction that is find the most efficient compact representation for the efficient compact representation for the efficient compact representation for the input data. So RBM shared a similar idea input data. So RBM shared a similar idea input data. So RBM shared a similar idea but it uses stochastic units with but it uses stochastic units with but it uses stochastic units with particular distribution instead of particular distribution instead of particular distribution instead of deterministic distribution. The task of deterministic distribution. The task of deterministic distribution. The task of our training is to find out how these our training is to find out how these our training is to find out how these two set of variables are actually two set of variables are actually two set of variables are actually connected to each other. One aspect that connected to each other. One aspect that connected to each other. One aspect that distinguishes RBM from the autoenccor is distinguishes RBM from the autoenccor is distinguishes RBM from the autoenccor is that it has two biases. The hidden bias that it has two biases. The hidden bias that it has two biases. The hidden bias helps the RBM produce the activations on helps the RBM produce the activations on helps the RBM produce the activations on the forward pass while the visible layer the forward pass while the visible layer the forward pass while the visible layer biases help the RBM learn the biases help the RBM learn the biases help the RBM learn the reconstruction on the backward pass. Now reconstruction on the backward pass. Now reconstruction on the backward pass. Now this brings us to the final question of this brings us to the final question of this brings us to the final question of our deep learning interview is that what our deep learning interview is that what our deep learning interview is that what are some limitations of deep learning? I are some limitations of deep learning? I are some limitations of deep learning? I bet you weren't thinking of this one but bet you weren't thinking of this one but bet you weren't thinking of this one but there are some limitations. So deep there are some limitations. So deep there are some limitations. So deep learning usually requires large amounts learning usually requires large amounts learning usually requires large amounts of training data and deep neural of training data and deep neural of training data and deep neural networks are easily fooled. Now the networks are easily fooled. Now the networks are easily fooled. Now the success of deep learning are purely success of deep learning are purely success of deep learning are purely empirial. Deep learning algorithms have empirial. Deep learning algorithms have empirial. Deep learning algorithms have been criticized as uninterpretable black been criticized as uninterpretable black been criticized as uninterpretable black boxes because one important thing about boxes because one important thing about boxes because one important thing about deep learning is that you do not specify deep learning is that you do not specify deep learning is that you do not specify what you are looking for right the what you are looking for right the what you are looking for right the algorithm learns on its own. So that is algorithm learns on its own. So that is algorithm learns on its own. So that is one of the shortcomings of deep learning one of the shortcomings of deep learning one of the shortcomings of deep learning and deep learning thus far has not been and deep learning thus far has not been and deep learning thus far has not been well integrated with prior knowledge. So well integrated with prior knowledge. So well integrated with prior knowledge. So a lot of people still don't feel it as a a lot of people still don't feel it as a a lot of people still don't feel it as a way to solve their problem as a way to way to solve their problem as a way to way to solve their problem as a way to approach to their problems because a lot approach to their problems because a lot approach to their problems because a lot of people don't understand what exactly of people don't understand what exactly of people don't understand what exactly is deep learning how it works how to is deep learning how it works how to is deep learning how it works how to initialize all of the variables which initialize all of the variables which initialize all of the variables which are the hyperparameters per se. These are the hyperparameters per se. These are the hyperparameters per se. These all things are some limitations of deep all things are some limitations of deep all things are some limitations of deep learning as of now and we hope by the learning as of now and we hope by the learning as of now and we hope by the time technology advances people get to time technology advances people get to time technology advances people get to know more about what deep learning is know more about what deep learning is know more about what deep learning is how artificial intelligence can be how artificial intelligence can be how artificial intelligence can be achieved through deep learning they'll achieved through deep learning they'll achieved through deep learning they'll be more open to this and all of these be more open to this and all of these be more open to this and all of these limitations will be laid off. So guys, limitations will be laid off. So guys, limitations will be laid off. So guys, uh that's it from my side and I hope you uh that's it from my side and I hope you uh that's it from my side and I hope you got to know a lot about deep learning got to know a lot about deep learning got to know a lot about deep learning interview questions which might help you interview questions which might help you interview questions which might help you in cracking the interviews and landing a in cracking the interviews and landing a in cracking the interviews and landing a great job as data scientists, machine great job as data scientists, machine great job as data scientists, machine learning engineers or artificial learning engineers or artificial learning engineers or artificial intelligence engineers as a matter of intelligence engineers as a matter of intelligence engineers as a matter of fact. And one important thing what I fact. And one important thing what I fact. And one important thing what I would like to say is that data scientist would like to say is that data scientist would like to say is that data scientist role are somewhat you know industry role are somewhat you know industry role are somewhat you know industry specific or I would say if you are specific or I would say if you are specific or I would say if you are working in healthcare you should know working in healthcare you should know working in healthcare you should know about healthcare industry too rather about healthcare industry too rather about healthcare industry too rather than just knowing about the datas and than just knowing about the datas and than just knowing about the datas and the numbers. So if you're working in the numbers. So if you're working in the numbers. So if you're working in suppose imagery so you should know about suppose imagery so you should know about suppose imagery so you should know about images you should know what you're images you should know what you're images you should know what you're dealing with. So a good knowledge of the dealing with. So a good knowledge of the dealing with. So a good knowledge of the particular industry which you're working particular industry which you're working particular industry which you're working for will also provide you a great for will also provide you a great for will also provide you a great advantage over other competitors. And advantage over other competitors. And advantage over other competitors. And since you know a lot of these stuff with since you know a lot of these stuff with since you know a lot of these stuff with this video, I'm sure you might be able this video, I'm sure you might be able this video, I'm sure you might be able to land a job, a great job in any of to land a job, a great job in any of to land a job, a great job in any of these industries. these industries. these industries. &gt;&gt; And with this we have come to an end to &gt;&gt; And with this we have come to an end to &gt;&gt; And with this we have come to an end to this full course on agentic AI. If you this full course on agentic AI. If you this full course on agentic AI. If you enjoyed listening to this full course, enjoyed listening to this full course, enjoyed listening to this full course, please be kind enough to like it and you please be kind enough to like it and you please be kind enough to like it and you can comment on any of your doubts and can comment on any of your doubts and can comment on any of your doubts and queries. We will reply to them at the queries. We will reply to them at the queries. We will reply to them at the earliest. And do look up for more videos earliest. And do look up for more videos earliest. And do look up for more videos and playlist and subscribe to Edureka's and playlist and subscribe to Edureka's and playlist and subscribe to Edureka's YouTube channel to learn more. Thank you YouTube channel to learn more. Thank you YouTube channel to learn more. Thank you for watching and happy learning.
