So Google just released a brand new So Google just released a brand new So Google just released a brand new capability in their Gemini 3 flash model capability in their Gemini 3 flash model capability in their Gemini 3 flash model and it is called agent equation. So now and it is called agent equation. So now and it is called agent equation. So now if you ask a question that hey what is if you ask a question that hey what is if you ask a question that hey what is that tiny little label of an image that tiny little label of an image that tiny little label of an image Gemini is going to write and execute a Gemini is going to write and execute a Gemini is going to write and execute a Python code to actually zoom in probably Python code to actually zoom in probably Python code to actually zoom in probably crop draw bounding boxes etc on that crop draw bounding boxes etc on that crop draw bounding boxes etc on that specific image before it can come back specific image before it can come back specific image before it can come back and give you the answer. Think about it and give you the answer. Think about it and give you the answer. Think about it for a second. Right now if you ask that for a second. Right now if you ask that for a second. Right now if you ask that question every AI model is going to look question every AI model is going to look question every AI model is going to look at that image once and most likely if it at that image once and most likely if it at that image once and most likely if it is going to miss that small detail is going to miss that small detail is going to miss that small detail especially if you're asking like what is especially if you're asking like what is especially if you're asking like what is the serial number or what is a tiny the serial number or what is a tiny the serial number or what is a tiny label on that image it is probably going label on that image it is probably going label on that image it is probably going to hallucinate. Gemini's agentic vision to hallucinate. Gemini's agentic vision to hallucinate. Gemini's agentic vision changes that the model can now changes that the model can now changes that the model can now investigate the image just detective. investigate the image just detective. investigate the image just detective. Google is actually reporting a 5 to 10% Google is actually reporting a 5 to 10% Google is actually reporting a 5 to 10% quality boost just by enabling this one quality boost just by enabling this one quality boost just by enabling this one setting. You know what? Let me first setting. You know what? Let me first setting. You know what? Let me first show you that and then we will get into show you that and then we will get into show you that and then we will get into how they have made this possible. All how they have made this possible. All how they have made this possible. All right, so let's get into it. All right, right, so let's get into it. All right, right, so let's get into it. All right, so I'm in my Google AI studio and Google so I'm in my Google AI studio and Google so I'm in my Google AI studio and Google has already shipped a sample app where has already shipped a sample app where has already shipped a sample app where we are able to see all of these we are able to see all of these we are able to see all of these interesting scenarios. So I'm just going interesting scenarios. So I'm just going interesting scenarios. So I'm just going to open it up here. And you can see that to open it up here. And you can see that to open it up here. And you can see that these are all different scenarios that these are all different scenarios that these are all different scenarios that they have which leverages this latest they have which leverages this latest they have which leverages this latest agent equation. So I'm going to open agent equation. So I'm going to open agent equation. So I'm going to open this particular up where we have an this particular up where we have an this particular up where we have an image like this over here and the image like this over here and the image like this over here and the question which is being asked is what is question which is being asked is what is question which is being asked is what is the number which is on the gauge. Zoom the number which is on the gauge. Zoom the number which is on the gauge. Zoom in if needed. Right? So once you provide in if needed. Right? So once you provide in if needed. Right? So once you provide this then Gemini first thinks and then this then Gemini first thinks and then this then Gemini first thinks and then it automatically creates this Python it automatically creates this Python it automatically creates this Python code which is the brand new thing which code which is the brand new thing which code which is the brand new thing which they have come up with and it is going they have come up with and it is going they have come up with and it is going to automatically crop the image and you to automatically crop the image and you to automatically crop the image and you can see that they have done a good job can see that they have done a good job can see that they have done a good job in terms of identifying first of all in terms of identifying first of all in terms of identifying first of all where is the image where is the gauge in where is the image where is the gauge in where is the image where is the gauge in this case it has done it twice and it is this case it has done it twice and it is this case it has done it twice and it is coming up with a particular answer and coming up with a particular answer and coming up with a particular answer and it appears to be 70掳 Fahrenheit. So what it appears to be 70掳 Fahrenheit. So what it appears to be 70掳 Fahrenheit. So what you just saw is something which has you just saw is something which has you just saw is something which has never been done before which is writing never been done before which is writing never been done before which is writing the code on the fly depending on the the code on the fly depending on the the code on the fly depending on the question that you have asked. Now let's question that you have asked. Now let's question that you have asked. Now let's look at another question which I think look at another question which I think look at another question which I think will benefit a lot of us which is make a will benefit a lot of us which is make a will benefit a lot of us which is make a bar chart per category performance and bar chart per category performance and bar chart per category performance and if you give like an image like this if you give like an image like this if you give like an image like this which we have seen a lot of images like which we have seen a lot of images like which we have seen a lot of images like this right which are available in any of this right which are available in any of this right which are available in any of the papers that we read technical papers the papers that we read technical papers the papers that we read technical papers etc right so this is where it is doing a etc right so this is where it is doing a etc right so this is where it is doing a bunch of calculation you're also asking bunch of calculation you're also asking bunch of calculation you're also asking it to do a lot of interesting stuff so it to do a lot of interesting stuff so it to do a lot of interesting stuff so first it'll think and then based on that first it'll think and then based on that first it'll think and then based on that it is going to then evaluate what is the it is going to then evaluate what is the it is going to then evaluate what is the kind of code that it needs to generate kind of code that it needs to generate kind of code that it needs to generate and then it is going to come come back and then it is going to come come back and then it is going to come come back and create that code. So here you see and create that code. So here you see and create that code. So here you see that this is the executable code that it that this is the executable code that it that this is the executable code that it just wrote on the fly and it is able to just wrote on the fly and it is able to just wrote on the fly and it is able to create this particular dashboard, right? create this particular dashboard, right? create this particular dashboard, right? So this particular bar chart. So this is So this particular bar chart. So this is So this particular bar chart. So this is really super cool and this is really really super cool and this is really really super cool and this is really extending the limitation of what Gemini extending the limitation of what Gemini extending the limitation of what Gemini 3 can do. This is brand new and it'll be 3 can do. This is brand new and it'll be 3 can do. This is brand new and it'll be very interesting to see how people use very interesting to see how people use very interesting to see how people use it on a day-to-day basis specifically it on a day-to-day basis specifically it on a day-to-day basis specifically for use cases like this where it's very for use cases like this where it's very for use cases like this where it's very hard for you to notice. So for example hard for you to notice. So for example hard for you to notice. So for example like what is the number on the ESMT chip like what is the number on the ESMT chip like what is the number on the ESMT chip and this is where you can see and this is where you can see and this is where you can see immediately that it has gone ahead and immediately that it has gone ahead and immediately that it has gone ahead and identify where is the ESM chip and it is identify where is the ESM chip and it is identify where is the ESM chip and it is able to figure out the visual able to figure out the visual able to figure out the visual information and it is able to provide information and it is able to provide information and it is able to provide that exact number. So it is almost that exact number. So it is almost that exact number. So it is almost guaranteed that this is not going to guaranteed that this is not going to guaranteed that this is not going to hallucinate because you can also see it hallucinate because you can also see it hallucinate because you can also see it visually what is happening on the fly visually what is happening on the fly visually what is happening on the fly and it is able to find that answer for and it is able to find that answer for and it is able to find that answer for you. So that was the quick demo. Now you. So that was the quick demo. Now you. So that was the quick demo. Now let's try and understand how exactly it let's try and understand how exactly it let's try and understand how exactly it is doing this so that it is crystal is doing this so that it is crystal is doing this so that it is crystal clear and I will also share with you clear and I will also share with you clear and I will also share with you some of the resources that you can use some of the resources that you can use some of the resources that you can use to build applications using this today. to build applications using this today. to build applications using this today. All right. So let's get into it. So All right. So let's get into it. So All right. So let's get into it. So agentic vision really is empowered by a agentic vision really is empowered by a agentic vision really is empowered by a think act and observe loop and we think act and observe loop and we think act and observe loop and we actually saw that in action right. So we actually saw that in action right. So we actually saw that in action right. So we asked a question we uploaded an image asked a question we uploaded an image asked a question we uploaded an image and we asked a question by text which and we asked a question by text which and we asked a question by text which was hey I want to understand what is the was hey I want to understand what is the was hey I want to understand what is the serial number on that particular chip. serial number on that particular chip. serial number on that particular chip. Right? So that question went to the Right? So that question went to the Right? So that question went to the agent and then the agent first thought agent and then the agent first thought agent and then the agent first thought through even in the second demo that we through even in the second demo that we through even in the second demo that we saw where it created the bar chart. It saw where it created the bar chart. It saw where it created the bar chart. It didn't immediately start writing code. didn't immediately start writing code. didn't immediately start writing code. It actually thought through that. So It actually thought through that. So It actually thought through that. So that is the think one and then it will that is the think one and then it will that is the think one and then it will go ahead and do a tool call which is the go ahead and do a tool call which is the go ahead and do a tool call which is the code execution on images and then the code execution on images and then the code execution on images and then the tools response will come back and then a tools response will come back and then a tools response will come back and then a combination of response and the initial combination of response and the initial combination of response and the initial question will be the output. So that question will be the output. So that question will be the output. So that that is what really happens. So it is a that is what really happens. So it is a that is what really happens. So it is a think act observe loop which is think act observe loop which is think act observe loop which is happening under the hood and they've happening under the hood and they've happening under the hood and they've given some other examples as well right given some other examples as well right given some other examples as well right for example here it's we're talking for example here it's we're talking for example here it's we're talking about an image annotation how many about an image annotation how many about an image annotation how many fingers are there and then you can fingers are there and then you can fingers are there and then you can actually see the quotes but first it is actually see the quotes but first it is actually see the quotes but first it is analyzing it and then it provides the analyzing it and then it provides the analyzing it and then it provides the response back and there are some other response back and there are some other response back and there are some other examples as well now you can see here examples as well now you can see here examples as well now you can see here you can get access to this via the you can get access to this via the you can get access to this via the Gemini API directly so we looked at it Gemini API directly so we looked at it Gemini API directly so we looked at it in the AI studio but if you want to in the AI studio but if you want to in the AI studio but if you want to build your own app leveraging this you build your own app leveraging this you build your own app leveraging this you can actually It's already there in can actually It's already there in can actually It's already there in Gemini API and here they've actually Gemini API and here they've actually Gemini API and here they've actually provided some guidance on how you can provided some guidance on how you can provided some guidance on how you can get started. I'll actually take you get started. I'll actually take you get started. I'll actually take you through the documentation directly here through the documentation directly here through the documentation directly here and you can see that this is the new and you can see that this is the new and you can see that this is the new stuff that has been added now code stuff that has been added now code stuff that has been added now code execution with images in Gemini 3. These execution with images in Gemini 3. These execution with images in Gemini 3. These are the three use cases that they have are the three use cases that they have are the three use cases that they have clearly called out. The key part here is clearly called out. The key part here is clearly called out. The key part here is you can now call this particular tool as you can now call this particular tool as you can now call this particular tool as part of the Gemini 3 flash model and part of the Gemini 3 flash model and part of the Gemini 3 flash model and then you can ask it any kind of question then you can ask it any kind of question then you can ask it any kind of question right and these are the sort of input right and these are the sort of input right and these are the sort of input and output that you will look into right and output that you will look into right and output that you will look into right then obviously there are some other then obviously there are some other then obviously there are some other details around the input and output in details around the input and output in details around the input and output in terms of the maximum runtime etc which terms of the maximum runtime etc which terms of the maximum runtime etc which you're more than welcome to look but you're more than welcome to look but you're more than welcome to look but then the key aspect really here is the then the key aspect really here is the then the key aspect really here is the different use cases that they have different use cases that they have different use cases that they have talked about but really ultimately it is talked about but really ultimately it is talked about but really ultimately it is the specific tool call which is a brand the specific tool call which is a brand the specific tool call which is a brand new addition as part of understanding new addition as part of understanding new addition as part of understanding images. Right? So hopefully this is images. Right? So hopefully this is images. Right? So hopefully this is clear and you can see that this is clear and you can see that this is clear and you can see that this is already released and you can access it already released and you can access it already released and you can access it directly today in both AI studio or why directly today in both AI studio or why directly today in both AI studio or why the documentation in the Gemini API and the documentation in the Gemini API and the documentation in the Gemini API and build something yourself. So that was build something yourself. So that was build something yourself. So that was the agent equation which is Google's new the agent equation which is Google's new the agent equation which is Google's new capability in Gemini 3 flash that lets capability in Gemini 3 flash that lets capability in Gemini 3 flash that lets the model write Python code to see the model write Python code to see the model write Python code to see better right 5 to 10% quality boost that better right 5 to 10% quality boost that better right 5 to 10% quality boost that is really going to be a gamecher and it is really going to be a gamecher and it is really going to be a gamecher and it is available today in the Gemini app. If is available today in the Gemini app. If is available today in the Gemini app. If you're building anything that involves you're building anything that involves you're building anything that involves document processing or something around document processing or something around document processing or something around that, this is something you should that, this is something you should that, this is something you should definitely check out. So, as always, definitely check out. So, as always, definitely check out. So, as always, please let me know in the comment please let me know in the comment please let me know in the comment section if you have any questions section if you have any questions section if you have any questions related to this. I'll put all of these related to this. I'll put all of these related to this. I'll put all of these links in the description so that you can links in the description so that you can links in the description so that you can also have a look. And of course, if this also have a look. And of course, if this also have a look. And of course, if this added value to you, please hit that like added value to you, please hit that like added value to you, please hit that like button. And if you're new to the button. And if you're new to the button. And if you're new to the channel, please hit that subscribe channel, please hit that subscribe channel, please hit that subscribe button as well. Thank you once again for button as well. Thank you once again for button as well. Thank you once again for your time. I will see you in the next
