For a long time, I have wondered what For a long time, I have wondered what For a long time, I have wondered what the difference is between prompt files, the difference is between prompt files, the difference is between prompt files, custom instructions, and custom agents custom instructions, and custom agents custom instructions, and custom agents in Visual Studio Code. And it's a in Visual Studio Code. And it's a in Visual Studio Code. And it's a question I hear a lot. So, in this question I hear a lot. So, in this question I hear a lot. So, in this video, we're going to dive in. We're video, we're going to dive in. We're video, we're going to dive in. We're going to take a look at all of those going to take a look at all of those going to take a look at all of those things, how they work together to things, how they work together to things, how they work together to completely understand when and where to completely understand when and where to completely understand when and where to use them. Are you ready? Let's go. use them. Are you ready? Let's go. use them. Are you ready? Let's go. Before we actually look at custom Before we actually look at custom Before we actually look at custom instructions or prompt files or custom instructions or prompt files or custom instructions or prompt files or custom agents, it's really important for you to agents, it's really important for you to agents, it's really important for you to understand how the agent system prompt understand how the agent system prompt understand how the agent system prompt works in Visual Studio Code. And this is works in Visual Studio Code. And this is works in Visual Studio Code. And this is important because you're going to need important because you're going to need important because you're going to need to know where in fact these instructions to know where in fact these instructions to know where in fact these instructions get inserted into that prompt. So, let's get inserted into that prompt. So, let's get inserted into that prompt. So, let's run through that just real quick. So, if run through that just real quick. So, if run through that just real quick. So, if we were to type some sort of a message, we were to type some sort of a message, we were to type some sort of a message, just say hello world here and send it to just say hello world here and send it to just say hello world here and send it to the chat, it gets sent. But let's take a the chat, it gets sent. But let's take a the chat, it gets sent. But let's take a look at what actually happens behind the look at what actually happens behind the look at what actually happens behind the scenes here. Behind the scenes, Copilot scenes here. Behind the scenes, Copilot scenes here. Behind the scenes, Copilot composes a prompt and it starts with a composes a prompt and it starts with a composes a prompt and it starts with a system prompt like this here. And the system prompt like this here. And the system prompt like this here. And the system prompt starts off with some core system prompt starts off with some core system prompt starts off with some core identity and global rules. And this is identity and global rules. And this is identity and global rules. And this is just very generic stuff. In fact, I just very generic stuff. In fact, I just very generic stuff. In fact, I think there's only two or three lines. think there's only two or three lines. think there's only two or three lines. It's like you are an intelligent AI It's like you are an intelligent AI It's like you are an intelligent AI coding assistant. Kind of this just coding assistant. Kind of this just coding assistant. Kind of this just generic identity. And then underneath generic identity. And then underneath generic identity. And then underneath that there's general instructions. And that there's general instructions. And that there's general instructions. And these instructions can vary by model these instructions can vary by model these instructions can vary by model because the models have various quirks. because the models have various quirks. because the models have various quirks. So for instance, if a model is very So for instance, if a model is very So for instance, if a model is very aggressive about writing the code out to aggressive about writing the code out to aggressive about writing the code out to the chat when it should just be writing the chat when it should just be writing the chat when it should just be writing it to the file, there might be an it to the file, there might be an it to the file, there might be an instruction never print out code blocks instruction never print out code blocks instruction never print out code blocks with file changes. And then underneath with file changes. And then underneath with file changes. And then underneath that there's tool use instructions. And that there's tool use instructions. And that there's tool use instructions. And these are instructions for the model these are instructions for the model these are instructions for the model about how to use the tools that are about how to use the tools that are about how to use the tools that are included in Copilot like um the edit included in Copilot like um the edit included in Copilot like um the edit tool or the terminal tool or the to-do tool or the terminal tool or the to-do tool or the terminal tool or the to-do list tool, any of the built-in tools. list tool, any of the built-in tools. list tool, any of the built-in tools. And then underneath that, there's some And then underneath that, there's some And then underneath that, there's some output format instructions that just output format instructions that just output format instructions that just tell the agent how to format the output tell the agent how to format the output tell the agent how to format the output for tokenization in the chat so that for tokenization in the chat so that for tokenization in the chat so that things like the little file pills that things like the little file pills that things like the little file pills that you'll see in Visual Studio Code you'll see in Visual Studio Code you'll see in Visual Studio Code actually show up correctly. Now the next actually show up correctly. Now the next actually show up correctly. Now the next thing that happens is a user prompt gets thing that happens is a user prompt gets thing that happens is a user prompt gets added to the message that's sent to the added to the message that's sent to the added to the message that's sent to the model. It hasn't been sent yet. The user model. It hasn't been sent yet. The user model. It hasn't been sent yet. The user message contains the in environment message contains the in environment message contains the in environment info. So information about the user's info. So information about the user's info. So information about the user's operating system, etc. And it also operating system, etc. And it also operating system, etc. And it also includes workspace info. And it includes workspace info. And it includes workspace info. And it literally looks like this. It's kind of literally looks like this. It's kind of literally looks like this. It's kind of your project structure in text format. your project structure in text format. your project structure in text format. Project name, folders, files. And then Project name, folders, files. And then Project name, folders, files. And then another user prompt gets added to the another user prompt gets added to the another user prompt gets added to the message which has still has not yet been message which has still has not yet been message which has still has not yet been sent and that contains context info like sent and that contains context info like sent and that contains context info like the current date and time list of open the current date and time list of open the current date and time list of open terminals that you have. It also terminals that you have. It also terminals that you have. It also contains any files that you have added contains any files that you have added contains any files that you have added to the chat. Now, in our case, we didn't to the chat. Now, in our case, we didn't to the chat. Now, in our case, we didn't have any files added to the message, but have any files added to the message, but have any files added to the message, but if we were to add files like that, then if we were to add files like that, then if we were to add files like that, then they would show up here, right here into they would show up here, right here into they would show up here, right here into this editor context. And then finally, this editor context. And then finally, this editor context. And then finally, we have the hello world. And then all of we have the hello world. And then all of we have the hello world. And then all of this gets sent up to the model and the this gets sent up to the model and the this gets sent up to the model and the model responds with this assistant model responds with this assistant model responds with this assistant message. And all of these things message. And all of these things message. And all of these things together are the context window. So the together are the context window. So the together are the context window. So the context window is just being built up context window is just being built up context window is just being built up here. We have one and then another one here. We have one and then another one here. We have one and then another one gets added and then uh another one gets gets added and then uh another one gets gets added and then uh another one gets added here and then all of this gets added here and then all of this gets added here and then all of this gets sent and then the response comes back sent and then the response comes back sent and then the response comes back and then this gets added and now this is and then this gets added and now this is and then this gets added and now this is the whole context window here right all the whole context window here right all the whole context window here right all of this and if we were to add another of this and if we were to add another of this and if we were to add another user message this would just get added user message this would just get added user message this would just get added here and would become part of the here and would become part of the here and would become part of the context. Okay so now you understand what context. Okay so now you understand what context. Okay so now you understand what actually happens when you send a prompt. actually happens when you send a prompt. actually happens when you send a prompt. Now the question is what are custom Now the question is what are custom Now the question is what are custom instructions, prompt files, and custom instructions, prompt files, and custom instructions, prompt files, and custom agents and where do they actually go in agents and where do they actually go in agents and where do they actually go in this prompt? So let's take a look at this prompt? So let's take a look at this prompt? So let's take a look at that. It's probably best if we start that. It's probably best if we start that. It's probably best if we start with something like custom instructions. with something like custom instructions. with something like custom instructions. So the most canonical use for custom So the most canonical use for custom So the most canonical use for custom instructions is to contain highlevel instructions is to contain highlevel instructions is to contain highlevel information about your project that information about your project that information about your project that might help the model do a better job might help the model do a better job might help the model do a better job giving you answers. So for instance in giving you answers. So for instance in giving you answers. So for instance in Visual Studio Code there if you click Visual Studio Code there if you click Visual Studio Code there if you click the gear here we can generate chat the gear here we can generate chat the gear here we can generate chat instructions instructions instructions and this will do exactly what I just and this will do exactly what I just and this will do exactly what I just said. It will create an instructions said. It will create an instructions said. It will create an instructions file that has the highle information file that has the highle information file that has the highle information your project architecture any patterns your project architecture any patterns your project architecture any patterns you can use. You can actually go and you can use. You can actually go and you can use. You can actually go and read this prompt here so you can see read this prompt here so you can see read this prompt here so you can see exactly what it's being asked to write. exactly what it's being asked to write. exactly what it's being asked to write. But we recommend this for every project. But we recommend this for every project. But we recommend this for every project. And this is probably the most common use And this is probably the most common use And this is probably the most common use case for custom instructions. Once we've case for custom instructions. Once we've case for custom instructions. Once we've generated these custom instructions, if generated these custom instructions, if generated these custom instructions, if we were to send another message, you'll we were to send another message, you'll we were to send another message, you'll see when we do that, the custom see when we do that, the custom see when we do that, the custom instructions automatically get passed instructions automatically get passed instructions automatically get passed right there. There they are. So this right there. There they are. So this right there. There they are. So this file is being passed as part of the file is being passed as part of the file is being passed as part of the context. So the question is where context. So the question is where context. So the question is where exactly does that show up in the prompt? exactly does that show up in the prompt? exactly does that show up in the prompt? So in our diagram here, custom So in our diagram here, custom So in our diagram here, custom instructions should show up right here instructions should show up right here instructions should show up right here in the system prompt and they're in the system prompt and they're in the system prompt and they're actually added right here. So they are actually added right here. So they are actually added right here. So they are the last thing in the agent system the last thing in the agent system the last thing in the agent system prompt. And it should be noted that the prompt. And it should be noted that the prompt. And it should be noted that the copilot instructions will always be the copilot instructions will always be the copilot instructions will always be the last thing in the agent system prompt last thing in the agent system prompt last thing in the agent system prompt because you can create as many because you can create as many because you can create as many instruction files as you like. So let me instruction files as you like. So let me instruction files as you like. So let me give you an example. give you an example. give you an example. This site is called Awesome Copilot and This site is called Awesome Copilot and This site is called Awesome Copilot and it is full of community contributed it is full of community contributed it is full of community contributed prompt files, custom instructions, and prompt files, custom instructions, and prompt files, custom instructions, and custom agents. It is a treasure trove of custom agents. It is a treasure trove of custom agents. It is a treasure trove of custom instructions that you can look at custom instructions that you can look at custom instructions that you can look at for inspiration. So, we could go here for inspiration. So, we could go here for inspiration. So, we could go here and find some instructions that we like. and find some instructions that we like. and find some instructions that we like. So, here's a table of all the different So, here's a table of all the different So, here's a table of all the different ones that are available. So let's go ones that are available. So let's go ones that are available. So let's go down here and let's pick maybe um NextJS down here and let's pick maybe um NextJS down here and let's pick maybe um NextJS best practices for LLM. So if we click best practices for LLM. So if we click best practices for LLM. So if we click install, this will install the file in install, this will install the file in install, this will install the file in Visual Studio Code. We can go ahead and Visual Studio Code. We can go ahead and Visual Studio Code. We can go ahead and accept it. It asks us where we want to accept it. It asks us where we want to accept it. It asks us where we want to put it. We can put it in the user data put it. We can put it in the user data put it. We can put it in the user data folder which makes it globally available folder which makes it globally available folder which makes it globally available or we can put it in the or we can put it in the or we can put it in the github/instructions github/instructions github/instructions folder which means it will only be folder which means it will only be folder which means it will only be available in this project which is available in this project which is available in this project which is exactly what I'm going to do. And uh now exactly what I'm going to do. And uh now exactly what I'm going to do. And uh now if you look we'll see we have an if you look we'll see we have an if you look we'll see we have an instructions folder and a next.js instructions folder and a next.js instructions folder and a next.js instructions inside. And if we were to instructions inside. And if we were to instructions inside. And if we were to pass another prompt here pass another prompt here pass another prompt here now you probably guess what's going to now you probably guess what's going to now you probably guess what's going to happen. Both of those files actually get happen. Both of those files actually get happen. Both of those files actually get passed. And just to clarify, remember passed. And just to clarify, remember passed. And just to clarify, remember that the nextjs instructions will always that the nextjs instructions will always that the nextjs instructions will always come before the co-pilot instructions come before the co-pilot instructions come before the co-pilot instructions file. That always comes last. So at a file. That always comes last. So at a file. That always comes last. So at a high level, that's custom instructions. high level, that's custom instructions. high level, that's custom instructions. Now, let's talk about prompt files. Now, let's talk about prompt files. Now, let's talk about prompt files. Prompt files are reusable prompts that Prompt files are reusable prompts that Prompt files are reusable prompts that you can define and then use right in the you can define and then use right in the you can define and then use right in the chat. Now, why would you do this? Well, chat. Now, why would you do this? Well, chat. Now, why would you do this? Well, let me give you an example. If we want let me give you an example. If we want let me give you an example. If we want to define a prompt file, we can go to to define a prompt file, we can go to to define a prompt file, we can go to configure prompt files. And you can see configure prompt files. And you can see configure prompt files. And you can see that I've got a bunch of different that I've got a bunch of different that I've got a bunch of different prompt files here. So, let's go ahead prompt files here. So, let's go ahead prompt files here. So, let's go ahead and look at this one here, which is and look at this one here, which is and look at this one here, which is called remember. So, I'm going to look called remember. So, I'm going to look called remember. So, I'm going to look at the remember prompt. And in the at the remember prompt. And in the at the remember prompt. And in the remember prompt, this is a prompt that I remember prompt, this is a prompt that I remember prompt, this is a prompt that I have that just builds up a memory file. have that just builds up a memory file. have that just builds up a memory file. So, I can tell the AI at any time to So, I can tell the AI at any time to So, I can tell the AI at any time to just remember something and it will do just remember something and it will do just remember something and it will do that. Now, you can see up here in the that. Now, you can see up here in the that. Now, you can see up here in the front matter that I can specify the front matter that I can specify the front matter that I can specify the agent down here. We're just going to agent down here. We're just going to agent down here. We're just going to stick with the agent. Um, but then we stick with the agent. Um, but then we stick with the agent. Um, but then we can also let's add a description. But can also let's add a description. But can also let's add a description. But then the other very powerful thing here then the other very powerful thing here then the other very powerful thing here is that we can also add a model. And you is that we can also add a model. And you is that we can also add a model. And you can see we get IntelliSense for all of can see we get IntelliSense for all of can see we get IntelliSense for all of the models that we have available. Many the models that we have available. Many the models that we have available. Many of these are on open router. Some of of these are on open router. Some of of these are on open router. Some of them are built in. I'm going to use a them are built in. I'm going to use a them are built in. I'm going to use a small model for this so that I don't small model for this so that I don't small model for this so that I don't waste premium requests. And what this waste premium requests. And what this waste premium requests. And what this means is when I use this prompt file, it means is when I use this prompt file, it means is when I use this prompt file, it will automatically move us over to the will automatically move us over to the will automatically move us over to the correct model. So let me show you what I correct model. So let me show you what I correct model. So let me show you what I mean. So let's say the model keeps mean. So let's say the model keeps mean. So let's say the model keeps making the same mistake of trying to use making the same mistake of trying to use making the same mistake of trying to use a use effect on server components which a use effect on server components which a use effect on server components which you cannot do in Nex.js and so we just you cannot do in Nex.js and so we just you cannot do in Nex.js and so we just want it to remember not to do that. So want it to remember not to do that. So want it to remember not to do that. So we can use that prompt file with just we can use that prompt file with just we can use that prompt file with just the slash here and then paste in our the slash here and then paste in our the slash here and then paste in our message. And when we send this, you'll message. And when we send this, you'll message. And when we send this, you'll notice that we're on Claude Opus 45, notice that we're on Claude Opus 45, notice that we're on Claude Opus 45, which is a premium model at 3x. But when which is a premium model at 3x. But when which is a premium model at 3x. But when we send it, it actually gets sent with we send it, it actually gets sent with we send it, it actually gets sent with GPT41 because that's what we specified GPT41 because that's what we specified GPT41 because that's what we specified in the prompt file right here, in the prompt file right here, in the prompt file right here, gpt41. gpt41. gpt41. And now it's created an instructions And now it's created an instructions And now it's created an instructions file for us. And this instructions file file for us. And this instructions file file for us. And this instructions file will be added automatically to every will be added automatically to every will be added automatically to every single request. So you can see here how single request. So you can see here how single request. So you can see here how I'm kind of starting to build up I'm kind of starting to build up I'm kind of starting to build up workflows using actually both prompt workflows using actually both prompt workflows using actually both prompt files and custom instructions. Now let's files and custom instructions. Now let's files and custom instructions. Now let's go back to our diagram and let's take a go back to our diagram and let's take a go back to our diagram and let's take a look at where actually in the system look at where actually in the system look at where actually in the system prompt these prompt files actually show prompt these prompt files actually show prompt these prompt files actually show up. So the answer is they don't not in up. So the answer is they don't not in up. So the answer is they don't not in the system prompt. They actually show up the system prompt. They actually show up the system prompt. They actually show up down here in the user prompt. So in the down here in the user prompt. So in the down here in the user prompt. So in the user prompt what happens is these prompt user prompt what happens is these prompt user prompt what happens is these prompt files their contents get added right files their contents get added right files their contents get added right here at the very top. So even before the here at the very top. So even before the here at the very top. So even before the context info, we'll have prompt files. context info, we'll have prompt files. context info, we'll have prompt files. And then we're going to have just the And then we're going to have just the And then we're going to have just the contents of the prompt file that was contents of the prompt file that was contents of the prompt file that was used. And then what happens is down here used. And then what happens is down here used. And then what happens is down here in this message, it says follow the in this message, it says follow the in this message, it says follow the instructions instructions instructions in and then it points back up to the in and then it points back up to the in and then it points back up to the contents of that prompt file, but it contents of that prompt file, but it contents of that prompt file, but it actually uses a special syntax to do actually uses a special syntax to do actually uses a special syntax to do that. It's kind of it's pointing to it that. It's kind of it's pointing to it that. It's kind of it's pointing to it by name even though it's actually by name even though it's actually by name even though it's actually included in the user prompt. And then included in the user prompt. And then included in the user prompt. And then after that it has your system message after that it has your system message after that it has your system message which would be use effect can only be which would be use effect can only be which would be use effect can only be used uh in client components. Right? So used uh in client components. Right? So used uh in client components. Right? So that's where prompt files come in. And that's where prompt files come in. And that's where prompt files come in. And so if we have a lot of messages, they so if we have a lot of messages, they so if we have a lot of messages, they may be way way way down in the list, may be way way way down in the list, may be way way way down in the list, right? Maybe way down here. Each time we right? Maybe way down here. Each time we right? Maybe way down here. Each time we use a prompt file, it gets it's part of use a prompt file, it gets it's part of use a prompt file, it gets it's part of the user prompt, not part of the system the user prompt, not part of the system the user prompt, not part of the system prompt. Now, the question that you're prompt. Now, the question that you're prompt. Now, the question that you're going to ask is does the placement of going to ask is does the placement of going to ask is does the placement of the prompt within the message hierarchy the prompt within the message hierarchy the prompt within the message hierarchy actually matter? And the answer to that actually matter? And the answer to that actually matter? And the answer to that is I don't know. However, context rot is is I don't know. However, context rot is is I don't know. However, context rot is a real thing. And the basic idea here is a real thing. And the basic idea here is a real thing. And the basic idea here is that as the context window grows and that as the context window grows and that as the context window grows and gets longer, the performance of the gets longer, the performance of the gets longer, the performance of the model degrades. Now, this has gotten model degrades. Now, this has gotten model degrades. Now, this has gotten better over time. As the article dives better over time. As the article dives better over time. As the article dives into here, it's improved. But you can into here, it's improved. But you can into here, it's improved. But you can still see here that as the context still see here that as the context still see here that as the context window grows, for example, a 32,000 window grows, for example, a 32,000 window grows, for example, a 32,000 token prompt, accuracy drops token prompt, accuracy drops token prompt, accuracy drops dramatically. Even Claude 35 Sonnet goes dramatically. Even Claude 35 Sonnet goes dramatically. Even Claude 35 Sonnet goes from 88% to 30% accuracy. from 88% to 30% accuracy. from 88% to 30% accuracy. So it's important to remember that as So it's important to remember that as So it's important to remember that as your prompt is growing here. So if we your prompt is growing here. So if we your prompt is growing here. So if we have have have a system prompt and a user prompt and a a system prompt and a user prompt and a a system prompt and a user prompt and a user and then an assistant message and user and then an assistant message and user and then an assistant message and then a user prompt and then we have then a user prompt and then we have then a user prompt and then we have another assistant message because we another assistant message because we another assistant message because we haven't started a new chat. So we just haven't started a new chat. So we just haven't started a new chat. So we just keep going and going and going. It keep going and going and going. It keep going and going and going. It doesn't really matter if you're using doesn't really matter if you're using doesn't really matter if you're using custom instructions or prompt files. The custom instructions or prompt files. The custom instructions or prompt files. The performance or the accuracy of the model performance or the accuracy of the model performance or the accuracy of the model is just going to degrade. And this is is just going to degrade. And this is is just going to degrade. And this is one of the reasons that the token one of the reasons that the token one of the reasons that the token windows or the context windows in VS windows or the context windows in VS windows or the context windows in VS code are limited at a certain point and code are limited at a certain point and code are limited at a certain point and that is to maintain performance. So it's that is to maintain performance. So it's that is to maintain performance. So it's hard to answer the question would you be hard to answer the question would you be hard to answer the question would you be more accurate to pass your instructions more accurate to pass your instructions more accurate to pass your instructions as a prompt file or a custom as a prompt file or a custom as a prompt file or a custom instruction. The best thing to do is instruction. The best thing to do is instruction. The best thing to do is instead of worrying about the instead of worrying about the instead of worrying about the positioning just use them as they are positioning just use them as they are positioning just use them as they are designed which is to help you compose designed which is to help you compose designed which is to help you compose workflows and not worry about their workflows and not worry about their workflows and not worry about their position in the prompt. Now, let's talk position in the prompt. Now, let's talk position in the prompt. Now, let's talk about one last thing, and that's custom about one last thing, and that's custom about one last thing, and that's custom agents. Custom agents used to be called agents. Custom agents used to be called agents. Custom agents used to be called custom modes, and I built one a while custom modes, and I built one a while custom modes, and I built one a while back that was called beast mode that was back that was called beast mode that was back that was called beast mode that was designed to help GPT4.1 perform better. designed to help GPT4.1 perform better. designed to help GPT4.1 perform better. And the idea here is that you can pass And the idea here is that you can pass And the idea here is that you can pass instructions to sort of override or instructions to sort of override or instructions to sort of override or augment the default agent behavior. So, augment the default agent behavior. So, augment the default agent behavior. So, let's take a look at these. What I want let's take a look at these. What I want let's take a look at these. What I want to look at is one of the ones that we're to look at is one of the ones that we're to look at is one of the ones that we're now shipping in Visual Studio Code, now shipping in Visual Studio Code, now shipping in Visual Studio Code, which is the plan mode. So, you can which is the plan mode. So, you can which is the plan mode. So, you can actually click on configure custom actually click on configure custom actually click on configure custom agents and you can look at our built-in agents and you can look at our built-in agents and you can look at our built-in plan mode here. So, let's take a look at plan mode here. So, let's take a look at plan mode here. So, let's take a look at the plan mode. You can see that it the the plan mode. You can see that it the the plan mode. You can see that it the name and the description and then name and the description and then name and the description and then there's these tools and then there's there's these tools and then there's there's these tools and then there's these things called handoffs which we'll these things called handoffs which we'll these things called handoffs which we'll get to in just a second. And then you get to in just a second. And then you get to in just a second. And then you can see that it's very much like we're can see that it's very much like we're can see that it's very much like we're writing an agent prompt. This is very writing an agent prompt. This is very writing an agent prompt. This is very different from custom instructions, different from custom instructions, different from custom instructions, right? If we look at the custom right? If we look at the custom right? If we look at the custom instructions, this is different. It's instructions, this is different. It's instructions, this is different. It's just giving it information. This is just giving it information. This is just giving it information. This is giving it an identity. So, it's very giving it an identity. So, it's very giving it an identity. So, it's very much like an agent system prompt. much like an agent system prompt. much like an agent system prompt. And then it's going to go through and it And then it's going to go through and it And then it's going to go through and it uses a workflow uses a workflow uses a workflow to start a planning process with the to start a planning process with the to start a planning process with the user. The first step is to gather user. The first step is to gather user. The first step is to gather context and research, then present a context and research, then present a context and research, then present a concise plan for iteration, and then concise plan for iteration, and then concise plan for iteration, and then handle user feedback. And then uh it handle user feedback. And then uh it handle user feedback. And then uh it will give you the option to either will give you the option to either will give you the option to either implement the plan or to put the plan implement the plan or to put the plan implement the plan or to put the plan write it out to the editor and it does write it out to the editor and it does write it out to the editor and it does that via handoffs. So let's actually run that via handoffs. So let's actually run that via handoffs. So let's actually run this and take a look at what this this and take a look at what this this and take a look at what this actually looks like in action. So I'm actually looks like in action. So I'm actually looks like in action. So I'm going to pick a model that's a little going to pick a model that's a little going to pick a model that's a little bit better at planning here. I'm using bit better at planning here. I'm using bit better at planning here. I'm using our built-in plan mode. So let's do our built-in plan mode. So let's do our built-in plan mode. So let's do something that is always done in these something that is always done in these something that is always done in these demos. We're just going to add dark mode demos. We're just going to add dark mode demos. We're just going to add dark mode to an app. I don't know why that's the to an app. I don't know why that's the to an app. I don't know why that's the the prompt that's always used, but it's the prompt that's always used, but it's the prompt that's always used, but it's because it's visual and it's because because it's visual and it's because because it's visual and it's because something we can see. So, we're going to something we can see. So, we're going to something we can see. So, we're going to let Haiku go through and work through let Haiku go through and work through let Haiku go through and work through this plan. You can see this and then this plan. You can see this and then this plan. You can see this and then we'll come back and talk about what is we'll come back and talk about what is we'll come back and talk about what is actually happening here. Okay, so we're actually happening here. Okay, so we're actually happening here. Okay, so we're using this new plan agent and we've sent using this new plan agent and we've sent using this new plan agent and we've sent this prompt. What is actually happening this prompt. What is actually happening this prompt. What is actually happening behind the scenes? Let's go back and behind the scenes? Let's go back and behind the scenes? Let's go back and take a look at our diagram. take a look at our diagram. take a look at our diagram. So, what happens when you use a custom So, what happens when you use a custom So, what happens when you use a custom agent is this. it actually gets added to agent is this. it actually gets added to agent is this. it actually gets added to the system prompt here. So, let's make the system prompt here. So, let's make the system prompt here. So, let's make some more room. And the custom agent is some more room. And the custom agent is some more room. And the custom agent is always added here below your custom always added here below your custom always added here below your custom instructions. So, that's the order in instructions. So, that's the order in instructions. So, that's the order in the system prompt. The custom the system prompt. The custom the system prompt. The custom instructions will be added to the end of instructions will be added to the end of instructions will be added to the end of the system prompt and then the custom the system prompt and then the custom the system prompt and then the custom agent instructions are added to the end agent instructions are added to the end agent instructions are added to the end of the system prompts. They are the last of the system prompts. They are the last of the system prompts. They are the last thing in the agent system prompt. So now thing in the agent system prompt. So now thing in the agent system prompt. So now let's take a look at how we can use let's take a look at how we can use let's take a look at how we can use custom instructions, prompt files, and custom instructions, prompt files, and custom instructions, prompt files, and custom agents to compose Agentic custom agents to compose Agentic custom agents to compose Agentic workflows because that's what they are. workflows because that's what they are. workflows because that's what they are. There isn't really a right or wrong way There isn't really a right or wrong way There isn't really a right or wrong way to use them. They're just building to use them. They're just building to use them. They're just building blocks for composing your own workflows, blocks for composing your own workflows, blocks for composing your own workflows, but that doesn't really make any sense but that doesn't really make any sense but that doesn't really make any sense in the abstract. It's going to help you in the abstract. It's going to help you in the abstract. It's going to help you if you see how someone else has done it. if you see how someone else has done it. if you see how someone else has done it. So what I want to do now is show you how So what I want to do now is show you how So what I want to do now is show you how I compose workflows. So what I'm going I compose workflows. So what I'm going I compose workflows. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to use a prompt file to do is I'm going to use a prompt file to do is I'm going to use a prompt file for planning. I have a custom planning for planning. I have a custom planning for planning. I have a custom planning prompt file and then I'm going to ask it prompt file and then I'm going to ask it prompt file and then I'm going to ask it to refactor the UI of this application to refactor the UI of this application to refactor the UI of this application to be more clean and modern. And you'll to be more clean and modern. And you'll to be more clean and modern. And you'll notice the first thing that it does is notice the first thing that it does is notice the first thing that it does is it switches us over to Opus45 it switches us over to Opus45 it switches us over to Opus45 because that's what I've defined in the because that's what I've defined in the because that's what I've defined in the prompt file. We can actually take a look prompt file. We can actually take a look prompt file. We can actually take a look at that. If we go here, here's my prompt at that. If we go here, here's my prompt at that. If we go here, here's my prompt file. You can see I've defined the model file. You can see I've defined the model file. You can see I've defined the model and then my prompt file is for planning and then my prompt file is for planning and then my prompt file is for planning is very similar to the built-in agent is very similar to the built-in agent is very similar to the built-in agent but my prompt file actually instructs but my prompt file actually instructs but my prompt file actually instructs the agent to work in the concept of a the agent to work in the concept of a the agent to work in the concept of a branch. So the plan is really defining branch. So the plan is really defining branch. So the plan is really defining one PR or one branch and it's just one PR or one branch and it's just one PR or one branch and it's just defining the highle steps. So, it's defining the highle steps. So, it's defining the highle steps. So, it's going to do things that the built-in going to do things that the built-in going to do things that the built-in plan uh custom agent does, like plan uh custom agent does, like plan uh custom agent does, like researching the codebase and asking me researching the codebase and asking me researching the codebase and asking me questions, but the plan format that it questions, but the plan format that it questions, but the plan format that it spits out is a little bit different spits out is a little bit different spits out is a little bit different because this is just one of the building because this is just one of the building because this is just one of the building blocks and it'll make more sense here in blocks and it'll make more sense here in blocks and it'll make more sense here in a second. Okay, so planning mode is done a second. Okay, so planning mode is done a second. Okay, so planning mode is done and we have one file here that's been and we have one file here that's been and we have one file here that's been created and I have it create the file created and I have it create the file created and I have it create the file automatically. It does have some automatically. It does have some automatically. It does have some questions, but they're they're mild. Not questions, but they're they're mild. Not questions, but they're they're mild. Not anything that I really need to address. anything that I really need to address. anything that I really need to address. But you can see it just breaks things But you can see it just breaks things But you can see it just breaks things down into steps. Step one, do this. Step down into steps. Step one, do this. Step down into steps. Step one, do this. Step two, do this. The idea is that each one two, do this. The idea is that each one two, do this. The idea is that each one of these steps is a commit. And commits of these steps is a commit. And commits of these steps is a commit. And commits should be small and testable. And should be small and testable. And should be small and testable. And commits will build up and create a commits will build up and create a commits will build up and create a single PR that we can then submit. We single PR that we can then submit. We single PR that we can then submit. We don't have any code though. So the next don't have any code though. So the next don't have any code though. So the next step is to actually get code. So let's step is to actually get code. So let's step is to actually get code. So let's go ahead and keep this. And because we go ahead and keep this. And because we go ahead and keep this. And because we don't want context rot, let's start a don't want context rot, let's start a don't want context rot, let's start a new chat session here. Clear the new chat session here. Clear the new chat session here. Clear the context. So now what I'm going to do is context. So now what I'm going to do is context. So now what I'm going to do is something a little bit unique. Instead something a little bit unique. Instead something a little bit unique. Instead of actually implementing the plan, I am of actually implementing the plan, I am of actually implementing the plan, I am going to have it generate going to have it generate going to have it generate a document based on that plan. And then a document based on that plan. And then a document based on that plan. And then I'm just going to pass the plan file I'm just going to pass the plan file I'm just going to pass the plan file here. So in this case, I'm using a here. So in this case, I'm using a here. So in this case, I'm using a generate prompt and passing in the plan generate prompt and passing in the plan generate prompt and passing in the plan that we just created. And I'll explain that we just created. And I'll explain that we just created. And I'll explain what it's doing. what it's doing. what it's doing. So the generate prompt takes the plan So the generate prompt takes the plan So the generate prompt takes the plan and then it writes all of the code and then it writes all of the code and then it writes all of the code required to implement this plan, but it required to implement this plan, but it required to implement this plan, but it doesn't write that code in the project. doesn't write that code in the project. doesn't write that code in the project. It actually writes it in a markdown file It actually writes it in a markdown file It actually writes it in a markdown file step by step. And the reason why I'm step by step. And the reason why I'm step by step. And the reason why I'm doing this is because I'm trying to doing this is because I'm trying to doing this is because I'm trying to maximize my premium model usage. I've maximize my premium model usage. I've maximize my premium model usage. I've used Claude Opus 45 twice now. It is a used Claude Opus 45 twice now. It is a used Claude Opus 45 twice now. It is a 3x multiplier. the six premium requests. 3x multiplier. the six premium requests. 3x multiplier. the six premium requests. I want to make sure that I'm getting the I want to make sure that I'm getting the I want to make sure that I'm getting the most bang for my buck. So, I'm actually most bang for my buck. So, I'm actually most bang for my buck. So, I'm actually going to use a smaller model to going to use a smaller model to going to use a smaller model to implement and a bigger model to write implement and a bigger model to write implement and a bigger model to write the code. The smaller model will the code. The smaller model will the code. The smaller model will implement it, but the bigger model implement it, but the bigger model implement it, but the bigger model writes it. So, in just a second, we'll writes it. So, in just a second, we'll writes it. So, in just a second, we'll take a look at this implementation plan, take a look at this implementation plan, take a look at this implementation plan, and you can see exactly how this works. and you can see exactly how this works. and you can see exactly how this works. It's not complicated. The implementation It's not complicated. The implementation It's not complicated. The implementation plan that gets generated is long. It's plan that gets generated is long. It's plan that gets generated is long. It's very long. This one's almost 2,000 lines very long. This one's almost 2,000 lines very long. This one's almost 2,000 lines long, but you can see that every single long, but you can see that every single long, but you can see that every single piece of code that is needed to piece of code that is needed to piece of code that is needed to accomplish this job is actually in this accomplish this job is actually in this accomplish this job is actually in this file. But what's more uh important here file. But what's more uh important here file. But what's more uh important here is that they're all broken up into is that they're all broken up into is that they're all broken up into steps. And each step has a checkbox steps. And each step has a checkbox steps. And each step has a checkbox here. So now that we have that, we're here. So now that we have that, we're here. So now that we have that, we're going to clear the context window again, going to clear the context window again, going to clear the context window again, making the best use of our context. And making the best use of our context. And making the best use of our context. And now we're going to use a custom agent, now we're going to use a custom agent, now we're going to use a custom agent, which is just called implement. And all which is just called implement. And all which is just called implement. And all we have to do is then pass in the we have to do is then pass in the we have to do is then pass in the implementation plan here like this uh implementation plan here like this uh implementation plan here like this uh and give it a simple prompt and then we and give it a simple prompt and then we and give it a simple prompt and then we just send it. And you can see it just send it. And you can see it just send it. And you can see it automatically moves to the VS code prime automatically moves to the VS code prime automatically moves to the VS code prime or raptor prime which is a five mini or raptor prime which is a five mini or raptor prime which is a five mini variant and it's the model that I like variant and it's the model that I like variant and it's the model that I like to use for implementation. So we'll go to use for implementation. So we'll go to use for implementation. So we'll go ahead and send that off. Now, as this ahead and send that off. Now, as this ahead and send that off. Now, as this smaller model works on this document, smaller model works on this document, smaller model works on this document, it's going to implement what's in the it's going to implement what's in the it's going to implement what's in the document just verbatim. It isn't document just verbatim. It isn't document just verbatim. It isn't actually writing any code. It's just actually writing any code. It's just actually writing any code. It's just implementing the code that the large implementing the code that the large implementing the code that the large model wrote. And this strategy lets you model wrote. And this strategy lets you model wrote. And this strategy lets you sort of oneshot with a huge model and sort of oneshot with a huge model and sort of oneshot with a huge model and then implement and iterate with a small then implement and iterate with a small then implement and iterate with a small free model. And this model will keep free model. And this model will keep free model. And this model will keep going until it's completed whatever step going until it's completed whatever step going until it's completed whatever step it's on in the implementation plan. And it's on in the implementation plan. And it's on in the implementation plan. And then it will stop and it will return then it will stop and it will return then it will stop and it will return control to me so that I can test make control to me so that I can test make control to me so that I can test make sure that I like it and then I will just sure that I like it and then I will just sure that I like it and then I will just stage and commit. And then I will just stage and commit. And then I will just stage and commit. And then I will just redo what I did. Use the implement agent redo what I did. Use the implement agent redo what I did. Use the implement agent pass the implementation document and it pass the implementation document and it pass the implementation document and it will just pick up with step two and will just pick up with step two and will just pick up with step two and continue. And I will just iterate with continue. And I will just iterate with continue. And I will just iterate with it like that until we get to the end of it like that until we get to the end of it like that until we get to the end of the implementation and everything's the implementation and everything's the implementation and everything's working. And then I have a pull request working. And then I have a pull request working. And then I have a pull request that I feel really good about. Okay. So that I feel really good about. Okay. So that I feel really good about. Okay. So now you have a really good understanding now you have a really good understanding now you have a really good understanding of how things work behind the scenes for of how things work behind the scenes for of how things work behind the scenes for the agent in VS Code. You understand the the agent in VS Code. You understand the the agent in VS Code. You understand the agent system prompt and how the user agent system prompt and how the user agent system prompt and how the user prompts are added on and where custom prompts are added on and where custom prompts are added on and where custom instructions and prompt files actually instructions and prompt files actually instructions and prompt files actually go in that prompt. Go forth and create go in that prompt. Go forth and create go in that prompt. Go forth and create AI workflows that work for you. I'll put AI workflows that work for you. I'll put AI workflows that work for you. I'll put links to mine below and check out the links to mine below and check out the links to mine below and check out the awesome co-pilot repo where you'll find awesome co-pilot repo where you'll find awesome co-pilot repo where you'll find my workflows plus tons of other prompt my workflows plus tons of other prompt my workflows plus tons of other prompt files, instructions, and custom agents files, instructions, and custom agents files, instructions, and custom agents that you can use today. And as always, that you can use today. And as always, that you can use today. And as always, happy coding.
