I am so excited for the future where all I am so excited for the future where all I am so excited for the future where all these agents are doing my boring work these agents are doing my boring work these agents are doing my boring work for me. for me. for me. I'm Andrea Griffiths, senior developer I'm Andrea Griffiths, senior developer I'm Andrea Griffiths, senior developer advocate, and today we're exploring advocate, and today we're exploring advocate, and today we're exploring something that's going to change how you something that's going to change how you something that's going to change how you manage your development backlog. We're manage your development backlog. We're manage your development backlog. We're diving into the world of GitHub Copilot diving into the world of GitHub Copilot diving into the world of GitHub Copilot coding agent. Welcome, Tim. coding agent. Welcome, Tim. coding agent. Welcome, Tim. Thanks, Andrea. Thanks, Andrea. Thanks, Andrea. So, what in the world is GitHub Copilot So, what in the world is GitHub Copilot So, what in the world is GitHub Copilot coding agent? coding agent? coding agent? Well, really the goal with GitHub Well, really the goal with GitHub Well, really the goal with GitHub Copilot coding agent is to take all the Copilot coding agent is to take all the Copilot coding agent is to take all the great stuff we've already done with great stuff we've already done with great stuff we've already done with agent mode in the IDE. That That's you agent mode in the IDE. That That's you agent mode in the IDE. That That's you have Copilot help you write and then have Copilot help you write and then have Copilot help you write and then test code. And turn that into something test code. And turn that into something test code. And turn that into something that isn't just like running on your that isn't just like running on your that isn't just like running on your machine, but something that you can run machine, but something that you can run machine, but something that you can run in the background. in the background. in the background. Can we take a look at how it works? Can we take a look at how it works? Can we take a look at how it works? Yep, definitely. So, here I've got my Yep, definitely. So, here I've got my Yep, definitely. So, here I've got my GitHub issues on github.com. And like GitHub issues on github.com. And like GitHub issues on github.com. And like any project, I've got a bunch of stuff any project, I've got a bunch of stuff any project, I've got a bunch of stuff here. You know, there's like new here. You know, there's like new here. You know, there's like new features I want to add, bugs to fix, features I want to add, bugs to fix, features I want to add, bugs to fix, like tech debt I want to work on as like tech debt I want to work on as like tech debt I want to work on as well. And that can get kind of well. And that can get kind of well. And that can get kind of overwhelming when you've got this this overwhelming when you've got this this overwhelming when you've got this this big backlog. And the great thing with big backlog. And the great thing with big backlog. And the great thing with the coding agent is that I can pick the the coding agent is that I can pick the the coding agent is that I can pick the thing that's maybe most interesting, thing that's maybe most interesting, thing that's maybe most interesting, most exciting, and most challenging. And most exciting, and most challenging. And most exciting, and most challenging. And I can I can have Copilot work on the I can I can have Copilot work on the I can I can have Copilot work on the background on some of the other stuff. I background on some of the other stuff. I background on some of the other stuff. I can actually assign multiple issues at can actually assign multiple issues at can actually assign multiple issues at the same time. So, just going to pick a the same time. So, just going to pick a the same time. So, just going to pick a bunch of issues here. bunch of issues here. bunch of issues here. Click into the assign menu, and then Click into the assign menu, and then Click into the assign menu, and then pick Copilot. Now, Copilot's going to pick Copilot. Now, Copilot's going to pick Copilot. Now, Copilot's going to pick all those issues up at once, work pick all those issues up at once, work pick all those issues up at once, work on them in the background, create a pull on them in the background, create a pull on them in the background, create a pull request, and then once it's done, it'll request, and then once it's done, it'll request, and then once it's done, it'll ping me for review. ping me for review. ping me for review. Wow, so you can move on and go work on Wow, so you can move on and go work on Wow, so you can move on and go work on that exciting new feature you want to that exciting new feature you want to that exciting new feature you want to add to your project, and Copilot's add to your project, and Copilot's add to your project, and Copilot's taking care of all the boring stuff. taking care of all the boring stuff. taking care of all the boring stuff. Yeah, that's right. And then when Yeah, that's right. And then when Yeah, that's right. And then when Copilot's done, it's going to kind of Copilot's done, it's going to kind of Copilot's done, it's going to kind of bring you in and and ask you for bring you in and and ask you for bring you in and and ask you for feedback. Here's an issue that I feedback. Here's an issue that I feedback. Here's an issue that I assigned to Copilot a bit earlier on assigned to Copilot a bit earlier on assigned to Copilot a bit earlier on today. And this issue is a bit today. And this issue is a bit today. And this issue is a bit interesting because it doesn't actually interesting because it doesn't actually interesting because it doesn't actually have a lot of the details in the issue have a lot of the details in the issue have a lot of the details in the issue itself, and rather it links out to itself, and rather it links out to itself, and rather it links out to Notion, which has the kind of, you know, Notion, which has the kind of, you know, Notion, which has the kind of, you know, the document that the product manager the document that the product manager the document that the product manager wrote with all the requirements. So, not wrote with all the requirements. So, not wrote with all the requirements. So, not everything that we need is in the issue. everything that we need is in the issue. everything that we need is in the issue. Earlier on, one of my team assigned that Earlier on, one of my team assigned that Earlier on, one of my team assigned that to Copilot, and our pull request was to Copilot, and our pull request was to Copilot, and our pull request was created here, and we can click into created here, and we can click into created here, and we can click into that. And we can see this pull request that. And we can see this pull request that. And we can see this pull request that Copilot has created for us. So, that Copilot has created for us. So, that Copilot has created for us. So, right at the beginning, as soon as you right at the beginning, as soon as you right at the beginning, as soon as you assign the task to Copilot, it's going assign the task to Copilot, it's going assign the task to Copilot, it's going to go ahead and create that pull request to go ahead and create that pull request to go ahead and create that pull request as a draft. And then it's from that pull as a draft. And then it's from that pull as a draft. And then it's from that pull request that you can monitor the agent, request that you can monitor the agent, request that you can monitor the agent, like understand what it's doing, and like understand what it's doing, and like understand what it's doing, and keep track of its work. So, when it keep track of its work. So, when it keep track of its work. So, when it first gets started, we're going to have first gets started, we're going to have first gets started, we're going to have like a a very basic pull request body like a a very basic pull request body like a a very basic pull request body and a very basic work in progress title and a very basic work in progress title and a very basic work in progress title that just says, you know, basically has that just says, you know, basically has that just says, you know, basically has a copy of the issue. a copy of the issue. a copy of the issue. Then, as Copilot works, it's going to Then, as Copilot works, it's going to Then, as Copilot works, it's going to gradually update that pull request body gradually update that pull request body gradually update that pull request body and say, you know, here's my plan, this and say, you know, here's my plan, this and say, you know, here's my plan, this is the stuff that I'm going to do, and is the stuff that I'm going to do, and is the stuff that I'm going to do, and then gradually tick off things from that then gradually tick off things from that then gradually tick off things from that list as it works. So, I can really kind list as it works. So, I can really kind list as it works. So, I can really kind of keep an eye on Copilot and and know of keep an eye on Copilot and and know of keep an eye on Copilot and and know what it's doing. Of course, you can also what it's doing. Of course, you can also what it's doing. Of course, you can also go into more detail and just like you go into more detail and just like you go into more detail and just like you have kind of the chat logs in VS Code or have kind of the chat logs in VS Code or have kind of the chat logs in VS Code or in JetBrains, we also have a session in JetBrains, we also have a session in JetBrains, we also have a session view in GitHub where you can really see view in GitHub where you can really see view in GitHub where you can really see in detail what the agent is doing. So, in detail what the agent is doing. So, in detail what the agent is doing. So, I've just clicked into that here. We can I've just clicked into that here. We can I've just clicked into that here. We can kind of see the agent talking to itself, kind of see the agent talking to itself, kind of see the agent talking to itself, and then we can see it using tools to and then we can see it using tools to and then we can see it using tools to basically understand the problem and basically understand the problem and basically understand the problem and explore the repo to figure out what what explore the repo to figure out what what explore the repo to figure out what what code it needs to change, run tests to code it needs to change, run tests to code it needs to change, run tests to make sure that like the code it's make sure that like the code it's make sure that like the code it's writing actually works, and then when writing actually works, and then when writing actually works, and then when it's done, it pushes and asks me for a it's done, it pushes and asks me for a it's done, it pushes and asks me for a review. So, here we can see like it's review. So, here we can see like it's review. So, here we can see like it's looking at the package.json so I looking at the package.json so I looking at the package.json so I understand how the repo works. It's understand how the repo works. It's understand how the repo works. It's looking at files. It's running bash to looking at files. It's running bash to looking at files. It's running bash to like find things. Another interesting like find things. Another interesting like find things. Another interesting bit here is where it actually goes to bit here is where it actually goes to bit here is where it actually goes to Notion to find that document that I Notion to find that document that I Notion to find that document that I linked in the issue. So, that's powered linked in the issue. So, that's powered linked in the issue. So, that's powered by MCP. I can include model context by MCP. I can include model context by MCP. I can include model context protocol service with this agent that it protocol service with this agent that it protocol service with this agent that it can use to get other information and get can use to get other information and get can use to get other information and get other context from outside of GitHub. other context from outside of GitHub. other context from outside of GitHub. And actually from within GitHub with the And actually from within GitHub with the And actually from within GitHub with the GitHub MCP server. And if we scroll a GitHub MCP server. And if we scroll a GitHub MCP server. And if we scroll a bit further down, then we'll see, you bit further down, then we'll see, you bit further down, then we'll see, you know, the agent's even running my know, the agent's even running my know, the agent's even running my linter. So, at the end, when Copilot linter. So, at the end, when Copilot linter. So, at the end, when Copilot pushes and requests a review from me, pushes and requests a review from me, pushes and requests a review from me, I'm not getting a PR that's kind of I'm not getting a PR that's kind of I'm not getting a PR that's kind of half-baked and broken, but most of the half-baked and broken, but most of the half-baked and broken, but most of the time I'm going to get a PR that's good time I'm going to get a PR that's good time I'm going to get a PR that's good and ready to go, and hopefully I can and ready to go, and hopefully I can and ready to go, and hopefully I can merge it right away. merge it right away. merge it right away. So, going back to the pull request here, So, going back to the pull request here, So, going back to the pull request here, we can see Copilot requested a review we can see Copilot requested a review we can see Copilot requested a review from me, and then I can review that just from me, and then I can review that just from me, and then I can review that just like a PR from a member of my team. I I like a PR from a member of my team. I I like a PR from a member of my team. I I decide to work on that myself, or I can decide to work on that myself, or I can decide to work on that myself, or I can leave comments and Copilot's going to leave comments and Copilot's going to leave comments and Copilot's going to pick up those comments and do the stuff pick up those comments and do the stuff pick up those comments and do the stuff that I tell it to do. So, it's really that I tell it to do. So, it's really that I tell it to do. So, it's really easy to iterate. easy to iterate. easy to iterate. Very cool. So, you can keep control of Very cool. So, you can keep control of Very cool. So, you can keep control of what Copilot is working on, and then if what Copilot is working on, and then if what Copilot is working on, and then if it's completely off base, then kind of it's completely off base, then kind of it's completely off base, then kind of guide it back to where you want it to guide it back to where you want it to guide it back to where you want it to be. be. be. Yeah, that's right. Hopefully, what we Yeah, that's right. Hopefully, what we Yeah, that's right. Hopefully, what we can do with this is like let developers can do with this is like let developers can do with this is like let developers do more of the stuff they really like do more of the stuff they really like do more of the stuff they really like and let Copilot take over the boring and let Copilot take over the boring and let Copilot take over the boring stuff. stuff. stuff. Fantastic. Okay, so what happens next? Fantastic. Okay, so what happens next? Fantastic. Okay, so what happens next? Well, the other really nice things we Well, the other really nice things we Well, the other really nice things we can do with Copilot coding agent is can do with Copilot coding agent is can do with Copilot coding agent is actually trigger it straight from VS actually trigger it straight from VS actually trigger it straight from VS Code. So, here's just an example, like Code. So, here's just an example, like Code. So, here's just an example, like this is a this is this is a this is this is a this is React component, and I've got a like React component, and I've got a like React component, and I've got a like loading indicator here. And that's quite loading indicator here. And that's quite loading indicator here. And that's quite a big block of HTML, so it'd be really a big block of HTML, so it'd be really a big block of HTML, so it'd be really nice to move that into its own nice to move that into its own nice to move that into its own component, so it's kind of, you know, component, so it's kind of, you know, component, so it's kind of, you know, separate and abstracted out. I could do separate and abstracted out. I could do separate and abstracted out. I could do that now, but that's going to distract that now, but that's going to distract that now, but that's going to distract me from my work. So, what I'm going to me from my work. So, what I'm going to me from my work. So, what I'm going to do instead is I'm going to highlight do instead is I'm going to highlight do instead is I'm going to highlight this, this, this, going to head over to Copilot Chat, and going to head over to Copilot Chat, and going to head over to Copilot Chat, and I can say like, "Open a PR to refactor I can say like, "Open a PR to refactor I can say like, "Open a PR to refactor this into a separate component." this into a separate component." this into a separate component." I send that off to Copilot, and Copilot I send that off to Copilot, and Copilot I send that off to Copilot, and Copilot Chat is actually able to trigger this Chat is actually able to trigger this Chat is actually able to trigger this background workflow as well. So, background workflow as well. So, background workflow as well. So, obviously, I'm used to working kind of obviously, I'm used to working kind of obviously, I'm used to working kind of synchronously directly with Copilot in synchronously directly with Copilot in synchronously directly with Copilot in Copilot Chat, but now we have the Copilot Chat, but now we have the Copilot Chat, but now we have the ability to actually say, "Can you go and ability to actually say, "Can you go and ability to actually say, "Can you go and do this thing for me in the background?" do this thing for me in the background?" do this thing for me in the background?" And it's going to, in exactly the same And it's going to, in exactly the same And it's going to, in exactly the same way, open up a pull request and then tag way, open up a pull request and then tag way, open up a pull request and then tag me when it's done. And you can see here me when it's done. And you can see here me when it's done. And you can see here in chat, we've literally got the URL of in chat, we've literally got the URL of in chat, we've literally got the URL of that pull request. I can click onto it, that pull request. I can click onto it, that pull request. I can click onto it, and then from here I can see Copilot and then from here I can see Copilot and then from here I can see Copilot start to work. start to work. start to work. That's awesome. So, while you're That's awesome. So, while you're That's awesome. So, while you're working, you don't have to leave the working, you don't have to leave the working, you don't have to leave the editor to kick off another editor to kick off another editor to kick off another Yeah, that's right. You don't have to Yeah, that's right. You don't have to Yeah, that's right. You don't have to get distracted. You can kind of stay in get distracted. You can kind of stay in get distracted. You can kind of stay in the flow, stay on the stuff that you're the flow, stay on the stuff that you're the flow, stay on the stuff that you're working on, but also start to like kind working on, but also start to like kind working on, but also start to like kind of of of be in this world where you're a be in this world where you're a be in this world where you're a developer working on your own thing, but developer working on your own thing, but developer working on your own thing, but you've got like a almost a team of AI you've got like a almost a team of AI you've got like a almost a team of AI interns who can be doing stuff for you interns who can be doing stuff for you interns who can be doing stuff for you in the background and helping you to get in the background and helping you to get in the background and helping you to get more done, and hopefully, leaving the more done, and hopefully, leaving the more done, and hopefully, leaving the fun stuff for you. fun stuff for you. fun stuff for you. This is amazing. How do you see teams This is amazing. How do you see teams This is amazing. How do you see teams using GitHub Copilot coding agent? using GitHub Copilot coding agent? using GitHub Copilot coding agent? Just as an example, our billing team Just as an example, our billing team Just as an example, our billing team used it to increase their test coverage used it to increase their test coverage used it to increase their test coverage for their main projects. They didn't for their main projects. They didn't for their main projects. They didn't have time to do that cuz of other have time to do that cuz of other have time to do that cuz of other priorities, but they could have AI do priorities, but they could have AI do priorities, but they could have AI do that for them in the background and they that for them in the background and they that for them in the background and they just came in, gave it a review, you just came in, gave it a review, you just came in, gave it a review, you know, maybe made some tweaks, and then know, maybe made some tweaks, and then know, maybe made some tweaks, and then they've got this project that's a lot they've got this project that's a lot they've got this project that's a lot more maintainable and a lot more more maintainable and a lot more more maintainable and a lot more reliable for the future. reliable for the future. reliable for the future. That's amazing. So, tech debt doesn't That's amazing. So, tech debt doesn't That's amazing. So, tech debt doesn't stand a chance. stand a chance. stand a chance. I hope so. Well, hopefully this is going I hope so. Well, hopefully this is going I hope so. Well, hopefully this is going to be the end of tech debt. So, at the to be the end of tech debt. So, at the to be the end of tech debt. So, at the moment this is available for people with moment this is available for people with moment this is available for people with Copilot Pro Plus or Copilot Enterprise. Copilot Pro Plus or Copilot Enterprise. Copilot Pro Plus or Copilot Enterprise. Um, Um, Um, so that's kind of our our like higher so that's kind of our our like higher so that's kind of our our like higher like premium plans, but we are looking like premium plans, but we are looking like premium plans, but we are looking at opening this out wider in the near at opening this out wider in the near at opening this out wider in the near future. So, if you if you don't have one future. So, if you if you don't have one future. So, if you if you don't have one of those like go ahead and upgrade, it's of those like go ahead and upgrade, it's of those like go ahead and upgrade, it's a great opportunity to try this, but if a great opportunity to try this, but if a great opportunity to try this, but if you don't, then watch this space and you don't, then watch this space and you don't, then watch this space and we'll have something for you soon. we'll have something for you soon. we'll have something for you soon. Thank you, Tim. I appreciate you coming Thank you, Tim. I appreciate you coming Thank you, Tim. I appreciate you coming by and showing us. I am so excited for by and showing us. I am so excited for by and showing us. I am so excited for the future where all these agents are the future where all these agents are the future where all these agents are doing my boring work for me. doing my boring work for me. doing my boring work for me. No worries. I'm excited for that, too, No worries. I'm excited for that, too, No worries. I'm excited for that, too, and you know, for my my open source and you know, for my my open source and you know, for my my open source projects I hope they're going to get a projects I hope they're going to get a projects I hope they're going to get a lot less tech debt in the future. lot less tech debt in the future. lot less tech debt in the future. And that's your first look at GitHub And that's your first look at GitHub And that's your first look at GitHub Copilot coding agent. Drop a comment Copilot coding agent. Drop a comment Copilot coding agent. Drop a comment below. Let us know how you're using this below. Let us know how you're using this below. Let us know how you're using this in your repositories. And if this was in your repositories. And if this was in your repositories. And if this was helpful, please hit that like button and helpful, please hit that like button and helpful, please hit that like button and subscribe to GitHub's YouTube channel subscribe to GitHub's YouTube channel subscribe to GitHub's YouTube channel for more feature updates and dev tips. for more feature updates and dev tips. for more feature updates and dev tips. Push these changes to main and we'll Push these changes to main and we'll Push these changes to main and we'll catch you in the next release.
