Over the weekend, I found some Over the weekend, I found some Over the weekend, I found some incredible open-source AI projects that incredible open-source AI projects that incredible open-source AI projects that I wanted to share with you. Let me show I wanted to share with you. Let me show I wanted to share with you. Let me show you them right now. All right, the first you them right now. All right, the first you them right now. All right, the first one is called Open Montage and it turns one is called Open Montage and it turns one is called Open Montage and it turns your AI agent into a full video your AI agent into a full video your AI agent into a full video production team. This one has almost production team. This one has almost production team. This one has almost 15,000 stars. It describes itself as 15,000 stars. It describes itself as 15,000 stars. It describes itself as turning your AI coding assistant into a turning your AI coding assistant into a turning your AI coding assistant into a full video production studio. Describe full video production studio. Describe full video production studio. Describe what you want in plain language, your what you want in plain language, your what you want in plain language, your agent handles research, scripting, asset agent handles research, scripting, asset agent handles research, scripting, asset generation, editing, and final generation, editing, and final generation, editing, and final composition. And here's an example. So, composition. And here's an example. So, composition. And here's an example. So, this is a cinematic sci-fi trailer this is a cinematic sci-fi trailer this is a cinematic sci-fi trailer produced by Open Montage, created the produced by Open Montage, created the produced by Open Montage, created the concept, the script, the scene plan, concept, the script, the scene plan, concept, the script, the scene plan, used VO to generate the motion clips, used VO to generate the motion clips, used VO to generate the motion clips, the soundtrack was generated, and the soundtrack was generated, and the soundtrack was generated, and Remotion handled the composition. You Remotion handled the composition. You Remotion handled the composition. You can also start from a video that you can also start from a video that you can also start from a video that you already love. You simply give it the already love. You simply give it the already love. You simply give it the clip that you want and it'll create a clip that you want and it'll create a clip that you want and it'll create a video very similar to that, and of video very similar to that, and of video very similar to that, and of course, you can change it any way you course, you can change it any way you course, you can change it any way you see fit. And it has a ton of features see fit. And it has a ton of features see fit. And it has a ton of features including 12 production pipelines, including 12 production pipelines, including 12 production pipelines, explainer videos, talking heads, screen explainer videos, talking heads, screen explainer videos, talking heads, screen demos, cinematic trailers, animation, demos, cinematic trailers, animation, demos, cinematic trailers, animation, podcast, localization, documentary podcast, localization, documentary podcast, localization, documentary montages, and more. 400 different agent montages, and more. 400 different agent montages, and more. 400 different agent skills, and so much more. I'm going to skills, and so much more. I'm going to skills, and so much more. I'm going to drop all the links for these down below. drop all the links for these down below. drop all the links for these down below. And by the way, if you like these videos And by the way, if you like these videos And by the way, if you like these videos where I curate the best AI open-source where I curate the best AI open-source where I curate the best AI open-source projects, drop a like, subscribe to the projects, drop a like, subscribe to the projects, drop a like, subscribe to the channel. It very much does help. Thank channel. It very much does help. Thank channel. It very much does help. Thank you in advance. Next, we have a new you in advance. Next, we have a new you in advance. Next, we have a new agent harness coming out of ByteDance agent harness coming out of ByteDance agent harness coming out of ByteDance with possibly the weirdest name out of with possibly the weirdest name out of with possibly the weirdest name out of all of these projects. It is called Dear all of these projects. It is called Dear all of these projects. It is called Dear Flow. And it has almost 74,000 stars. Flow. And it has almost 74,000 stars. Flow. And it has almost 74,000 stars. Dear Flow stands for deep exploration Dear Flow stands for deep exploration Dear Flow stands for deep exploration and efficient research flow. It is an and efficient research flow. It is an and efficient research flow. It is an open-source super agent harness that open-source super agent harness that open-source super agent harness that orchestrates sub-agents, memory, and orchestrates sub-agents, memory, and orchestrates sub-agents, memory, and sandboxes to do almost anything powered sandboxes to do almost anything powered sandboxes to do almost anything powered by extensible skills. Dear Flow is made by extensible skills. Dear Flow is made by extensible skills. Dear Flow is made for long-horizon tasks. That means you for long-horizon tasks. That means you for long-horizon tasks. That means you give the agent something and it goes off give the agent something and it goes off give the agent something and it goes off for hours, maybe even days at a time. for hours, maybe even days at a time. for hours, maybe even days at a time. That is what this is especially good at. That is what this is especially good at. That is what this is especially good at. It uses sub agents to break down complex It uses sub agents to break down complex It uses sub agents to break down complex tasks. It has sandboxes. Of course, it tasks. It has sandboxes. Of course, it tasks. It has sandboxes. Of course, it has memory and tools and skill use. has memory and tools and skill use. has memory and tools and skill use. Everything you need, everything that Everything you need, everything that Everything you need, everything that you're familiar with with all of the you're familiar with with all of the you're familiar with with all of the best agent harnesses out there. But this best agent harnesses out there. But this best agent harnesses out there. But this one really leans into long horizon work. one really leans into long horizon work. one really leans into long horizon work. So, they talk about users using Deerflow So, they talk about users using Deerflow So, they talk about users using Deerflow for building data pipelines, generating for building data pipelines, generating for building data pipelines, generating slide decks, spinning up dashboards, slide decks, spinning up dashboards, slide decks, spinning up dashboards, automating content workflows. So, if automating content workflows. So, if automating content workflows. So, if you've tried OpenClaw, if you've tried you've tried OpenClaw, if you've tried you've tried OpenClaw, if you've tried Hermes, this might be another really Hermes, this might be another really Hermes, this might be another really cool option to experiment with. All cool option to experiment with. All cool option to experiment with. All right, and next in what likely will have right, and next in what likely will have right, and next in what likely will have to change its name, we have Anthropic to change its name, we have Anthropic to change its name, we have Anthropic cybersecurity skills coming in right cybersecurity skills coming in right cybersecurity skills coming in right below 20,000 stars. This gives your below 20,000 stars. This gives your below 20,000 stars. This gives your agent everything it needs to be a agent everything it needs to be a agent everything it needs to be a cybersecurity expert. Then, you can cybersecurity expert. Then, you can cybersecurity expert. Then, you can point it at your codebase and say, point it at your codebase and say, point it at your codebase and say, "Improve my cybersecurity defenses." It "Improve my cybersecurity defenses." It "Improve my cybersecurity defenses." It works with Claude code, GitHub Copilot, works with Claude code, GitHub Copilot, works with Claude code, GitHub Copilot, Codex CLI, Cursor, Gemini CLI, basically Codex CLI, Cursor, Gemini CLI, basically Codex CLI, Cursor, Gemini CLI, basically anything. Any agent that supports anything. Any agent that supports anything. Any agent that supports skills, you can plug this in. So, it skills, you can plug this in. So, it skills, you can plug this in. So, it comes with six different cyber comes with six different cyber comes with six different cyber frameworks. I have not actually heard of frameworks. I have not actually heard of frameworks. I have not actually heard of these. I'm not deep in the world of these. I'm not deep in the world of these. I'm not deep in the world of cyber, but we have the MITRE ATT&amp;CK, cyber, but we have the MITRE ATT&amp;CK, cyber, but we have the MITRE ATT&amp;CK, NIST, NIST, NIST, and more. All of these different and more. All of these different and more. All of these different frameworks, a bunch of different tactics frameworks, a bunch of different tactics frameworks, a bunch of different tactics within them, a bunch of different within them, a bunch of different within them, a bunch of different techniques within them, just basically techniques within them, just basically techniques within them, just basically giving your agent a leg up in trying to giving your agent a leg up in trying to giving your agent a leg up in trying to protect your own apps that you're protect your own apps that you're protect your own apps that you're building. Now, what's interesting about building. Now, what's interesting about building. Now, what's interesting about it is they actually took real cyber it is they actually took real cyber it is they actually took real cyber frameworks. So, for example, this MITRE frameworks. So, for example, this MITRE frameworks. So, for example, this MITRE Fight Fraud Framework, co-developed by Fight Fraud Framework, co-developed by Fight Fraud Framework, co-developed by JP Morgan Chase, Citigroup, Lloyds JP Morgan Chase, Citigroup, Lloyds JP Morgan Chase, Citigroup, Lloyds Banking Group, Standards Charter, Banking Group, Standards Charter, Banking Group, Standards Charter, CrowdStrike, Verizon Business, and so CrowdStrike, Verizon Business, and so CrowdStrike, Verizon Business, and so on. It basically puts together a on. It basically puts together a on. It basically puts together a framework for cybersecurity defense. And framework for cybersecurity defense. And framework for cybersecurity defense. And of course, because it's only a skill, of course, because it's only a skill, of course, because it's only a skill, you simply copy-paste the URL, put it in you simply copy-paste the URL, put it in you simply copy-paste the URL, put it in your agent, and say, "Install it." And your agent, and say, "Install it." And your agent, and say, "Install it." And it'll just work. Next, we have an it'll just work. Next, we have an it'll just work. Next, we have an open-source project from the company open-source project from the company open-source project from the company Haygen coming in at just above 30,000 Haygen coming in at just above 30,000 Haygen coming in at just above 30,000 stars, Hyperframes. Hyperframes is an stars, Hyperframes. Hyperframes is an stars, Hyperframes. Hyperframes is an open-source framework for turning HTML, open-source framework for turning HTML, open-source framework for turning HTML, CSS, media, and seekable animations into CSS, media, and seekable animations into CSS, media, and seekable animations into deterministic MP4 videos. So, basically, deterministic MP4 videos. So, basically, deterministic MP4 videos. So, basically, it's going to write really cool it's going to write really cool it's going to write really cool animations for you in HTML, in CSS, and animations for you in HTML, in CSS, and animations for you in HTML, in CSS, and then it's going to convert that to video then it's going to convert that to video then it's going to convert that to video format, MP4. This is really good for format, MP4. This is really good for format, MP4. This is really good for product demos, for slides, for motion product demos, for slides, for motion product demos, for slides, for motion graphics, and so much more. It supports graphics, and so much more. It supports graphics, and so much more. It supports rendering in Chrome with FFmpeg and rendering in Chrome with FFmpeg and rendering in Chrome with FFmpeg and works with many animation libraries, works with many animation libraries, works with many animation libraries, including one of my favorite, 3.js. So, including one of my favorite, 3.js. So, including one of my favorite, 3.js. So, here's an example of what it looks like. here's an example of what it looks like. here's an example of what it looks like. It has no sound, so I'm going to do my It has no sound, so I'm going to do my It has no sound, so I'm going to do my own voiceover. own voiceover. own voiceover. &gt;&gt; Hey, I'm Hyperframes guy, and I'm going &gt;&gt; Hey, I'm Hyperframes guy, and I'm going &gt;&gt; Hey, I'm Hyperframes guy, and I'm going to tell you about Hyperframes. Here are to tell you about Hyperframes. Here are to tell you about Hyperframes. Here are some cool Hyperframes logos and cool some cool Hyperframes logos and cool some cool Hyperframes logos and cool transitions. Here's a prompt I'm transitions. Here's a prompt I'm transitions. Here's a prompt I'm writing. You can ask your agent writing. You can ask your agent writing. You can ask your agent anything, and anything, and anything, and &gt;&gt; there we go. And I know all of these &gt;&gt; there we go. And I know all of these &gt;&gt; there we go. And I know all of these open-source research projects are open-source research projects are open-source research projects are awesome, but they need to be powered by awesome, but they need to be powered by awesome, but they need to be powered by AI, and all of those subscriptions AI, and all of those subscriptions AI, and all of those subscriptions become very expensive. That's why I'm become very expensive. That's why I'm become very expensive. That's why I'm excited to tell you about the sponsor of excited to tell you about the sponsor of excited to tell you about the sponsor of today's video, Merlin AI. Merlin AI is today's video, Merlin AI. Merlin AI is today's video, Merlin AI. Merlin AI is an all-in-one AI tool, and they are an all-in-one AI tool, and they are an all-in-one AI tool, and they are giving my audience, you guys, a massive giving my audience, you guys, a massive giving my audience, you guys, a massive discount. So, stick around to the end of discount. So, stick around to the end of discount. So, stick around to the end of this read, and I'll give you that code. this read, and I'll give you that code. this read, and I'll give you that code. So, you probably keep multiple AI tools So, you probably keep multiple AI tools So, you probably keep multiple AI tools on deck at all times because you'll have on deck at all times because you'll have on deck at all times because you'll have one tool that's good at one thing, one tool that's good at one thing, one tool that's good at one thing, another tool that's better at another, another tool that's better at another, another tool that's better at another, and it can get expensive. Merlin AI puts and it can get expensive. Merlin AI puts and it can get expensive. Merlin AI puts all the top LLM models from ChatGPT to all the top LLM models from ChatGPT to all the top LLM models from ChatGPT to Claude to Gemini all in one place. So, Claude to Gemini all in one place. So, Claude to Gemini all in one place. So, check this out. I click the Merlin AI check this out. I click the Merlin AI check this out. I click the Merlin AI extension, I chat with the webpage to extension, I chat with the webpage to extension, I chat with the webpage to summarize what I'm reading, and I pull summarize what I'm reading, and I pull summarize what I'm reading, and I pull the important parts. And if I need to go the important parts. And if I need to go the important parts. And if I need to go deeper, I just flip the switch on deep deeper, I just flip the switch on deep deeper, I just flip the switch on deep research. It also has the top video and research. It also has the top video and research. It also has the top video and image generation models ready. So, let's image generation models ready. So, let's image generation models ready. So, let's say you're going to pay for everything say you're going to pay for everything say you're going to pay for everything separately. ChatGPT, 20 bucks. Claude, separately. ChatGPT, 20 bucks. Claude, separately. ChatGPT, 20 bucks. Claude, 20 bucks. Gemini, 20 bucks. And it adds 20 bucks. Gemini, 20 bucks. And it adds 20 bucks. Gemini, 20 bucks. And it adds up fast. Merlin AI is cheaper because up fast. Merlin AI is cheaper because up fast. Merlin AI is cheaper because they buy all of it via the API in bulk, they buy all of it via the API in bulk, they buy all of it via the API in bulk, and then they pass along those discounts and then they pass along those discounts and then they pass along those discounts to you. So, essentially, with Merlin's to you. So, essentially, with Merlin's to you. So, essentially, with Merlin's discount, it is only five bucks. Okay, discount, it is only five bucks. Okay, discount, it is only five bucks. Okay, so here's the 75% off Merlin AI code. It so here's the 75% off Merlin AI code. It so here's the 75% off Merlin AI code. It is Matt 5. Apply the code, and then the is Matt 5. Apply the code, and then the is Matt 5. Apply the code, and then the total drops to $60 per year. Basically, total drops to $60 per year. Basically, total drops to $60 per year. Basically, five bucks a month. So, go try out five bucks a month. So, go try out five bucks a month. So, go try out Merlin AI. I'll drop all of this in the Merlin AI. I'll drop all of this in the Merlin AI. I'll drop all of this in the description below. Now, back to the description below. Now, back to the description below. Now, back to the video. All right, so this next one is video. All right, so this next one is video. All right, so this next one is super interesting and a little bit under super interesting and a little bit under super interesting and a little bit under the radar coming in just above 12,000 the radar coming in just above 12,000 the radar coming in just above 12,000 stars. This is called Codebase Memory stars. This is called Codebase Memory stars. This is called Codebase Memory MCP by Deus Data. This is described as MCP by Deus Data. This is described as MCP by Deus Data. This is described as the fastest and most efficient code the fastest and most efficient code the fastest and most efficient code intelligence engine for AI coding intelligence engine for AI coding intelligence engine for AI coding agents. It full indexes an average agents. It full indexes an average agents. It full indexes an average repository in milliseconds. The full repository in milliseconds. The full repository in milliseconds. The full Linux kernel, 28 million lines of code, Linux kernel, 28 million lines of code, Linux kernel, 28 million lines of code, in 3 minutes. And then, you can answer in 3 minutes. And then, you can answer in 3 minutes. And then, you can answer structural queries in under 1 structural queries in under 1 structural queries in under 1 millisecond. This is meant to give your millisecond. This is meant to give your millisecond. This is meant to give your agent a better understanding of your agent a better understanding of your agent a better understanding of your codebase, massive codebases, and to be codebase, massive codebases, and to be codebase, massive codebases, and to be hyper-efficient. It supports 158 hyper-efficient. It supports 158 hyper-efficient. It supports 158 different coding languages. It uses 120 different coding languages. It uses 120 different coding languages. It uses 120 times fewer tokens. It works in 11 times fewer tokens. It works in 11 times fewer tokens. It works in 11 different agentic harnesses, including different agentic harnesses, including different agentic harnesses, including all your favorites, Claude, Code, all your favorites, Claude, Code, all your favorites, Claude, Code, Cursor, Codex, etc. It has a built-in 3D Cursor, Codex, etc. It has a built-in 3D Cursor, Codex, etc. It has a built-in 3D visualization, so you can actually visualization, so you can actually visualization, so you can actually explore your codebase and see how it explore your codebase and see how it explore your codebase and see how it looks in this 3D graph space. And it is looks in this 3D graph space. And it is looks in this 3D graph space. And it is one line to install. Very easy to use. one line to install. Very easy to use. one line to install. Very easy to use. Go check it out. All right, next, coming Go check it out. All right, next, coming Go check it out. All right, next, coming in at 143,000 in at 143,000 in at 143,000 stars, one of the most popular stars, one of the most popular stars, one of the most popular repositories in all of GitHub, we have repositories in all of GitHub, we have repositories in all of GitHub, we have Matt Pocock's skills. These are skills Matt Pocock's skills. These are skills Matt Pocock's skills. These are skills to give your agent to allow them to to give your agent to allow them to to give your agent to allow them to develop software just like Matt Pocock develop software just like Matt Pocock develop software just like Matt Pocock does. And if you don't know who Matt does. And if you don't know who Matt does. And if you don't know who Matt Pocock is, this is Matt Pocock, author Pocock is, this is Matt Pocock, author Pocock is, this is Matt Pocock, author of Total TypeScript and AI Hero. He was of Total TypeScript and AI Hero. He was of Total TypeScript and AI Hero. He was previously at Vercel, and he is a previously at Vercel, and he is a previously at Vercel, and he is a developer educator. He basically teaches developer educator. He basically teaches developer educator. He basically teaches you how to write great code. So, he took you how to write great code. So, he took you how to write great code. So, he took everything he learned throughout his everything he learned throughout his everything he learned throughout his entire career, built it into skills, so entire career, built it into skills, so entire career, built it into skills, so you can give it to your agent, and you you can give it to your agent, and you you can give it to your agent, and you can code just like him. My agent skills can code just like him. My agent skills can code just like him. My agent skills that I use every day to do real that I use every day to do real that I use every day to do real engineering, not vibe coding. Here are engineering, not vibe coding. Here are engineering, not vibe coding. Here are some of the features that come with the some of the features that come with the some of the features that come with the skills. We have Ask Matt, ask which skills. We have Ask Matt, ask which skills. We have Ask Matt, ask which skill or flow fits your situation, a skill or flow fits your situation, a skill or flow fits your situation, a router over the user invoked skills in router over the user invoked skills in router over the user invoked skills in this repo. Grill with docs, grilling this repo. Grill with docs, grilling this repo. Grill with docs, grilling session that also builds your project's session that also builds your project's session that also builds your project's domain model, sharpening terminology, domain model, sharpening terminology, domain model, sharpening terminology, and updating context.md and ADRs inline. and updating context.md and ADRs inline. and updating context.md and ADRs inline. This is for real engineers. And This is for real engineers. And This is for real engineers. And obviously, it's being used quite a bit obviously, it's being used quite a bit obviously, it's being used quite a bit because it has so many GitHub stars. Go because it has so many GitHub stars. Go because it has so many GitHub stars. Go check it out. Again, links down below to check it out. Again, links down below to check it out. Again, links down below to all of these projects. Next, we have the all of these projects. Next, we have the all of these projects. Next, we have the very popular G Stack by Garry Tan, very popular G Stack by Garry Tan, very popular G Stack by Garry Tan, president of Y Combinator, coming in at president of Y Combinator, coming in at president of Y Combinator, coming in at 114,000 114,000 114,000 stars. G Stack turns your engineering stars. G Stack turns your engineering stars. G Stack turns your engineering agent into a full engineering team. This agent into a full engineering team. This agent into a full engineering team. This is how Garry thinks about building is how Garry thinks about building is how Garry thinks about building things, and he basically codified all of things, and he basically codified all of things, and he basically codified all of the lessons he's learned throughout his the lessons he's learned throughout his the lessons he's learned throughout his career into G Stack, so you can easily career into G Stack, so you can easily career into G Stack, so you can easily use it, give it to your agent, and allow use it, give it to your agent, and allow use it, give it to your agent, and allow them, your agents, to build things the them, your agents, to build things the them, your agents, to build things the same way that Garry Tan does. He helps same way that Garry Tan does. He helps same way that Garry Tan does. He helps you not only with the building, but also you not only with the building, but also you not only with the building, but also the thinking through of different the thinking through of different the thinking through of different problems that you might want to solve. problems that you might want to solve. problems that you might want to solve. This is especially valuable if you're This is especially valuable if you're This is especially valuable if you're thinking about building a startup. You thinking about building a startup. You thinking about building a startup. You can do things like run {slash} office can do things like run {slash} office can do things like run {slash} office hours, which is something they do at Y hours, which is something they do at Y hours, which is something they do at Y Combinator. You sit with a YC partner, Combinator. You sit with a YC partner, Combinator. You sit with a YC partner, and they ask you a bunch of questions, and they ask you a bunch of questions, and they ask you a bunch of questions, and then give you feedback about the and then give you feedback about the and then give you feedback about the problem space, your solution, your team, problem space, your solution, your team, problem space, your solution, your team, everything. And again, he just codified everything. And again, he just codified everything. And again, he just codified all of it and put it into G Stack. all of it and put it into G Stack. all of it and put it into G Stack. Installation is super simple. It is just Installation is super simple. It is just Installation is super simple. It is just a set of skills, and so you just a set of skills, and so you just a set of skills, and so you just copy-paste the URL, and your agent will copy-paste the URL, and your agent will copy-paste the URL, and your agent will know how to ingest it. So, he describes know how to ingest it. So, he describes know how to ingest it. So, he describes G stack as a process, not a collection G stack as a process, not a collection G stack as a process, not a collection of tools. You are supposed to run these of tools. You are supposed to run these of tools. You are supposed to run these skills in order. Think, plan, build, skills in order. Think, plan, build, skills in order. Think, plan, build, review, test, ship, reflect, and you do review, test, ship, reflect, and you do review, test, ship, reflect, and you do so with all of these different schools. so with all of these different schools. so with all of these different schools. So, we have {slash} office hours, So, we have {slash} office hours, So, we have {slash} office hours, {slash} plan CEO review, plan and {slash} plan CEO review, plan and {slash} plan CEO review, plan and review, plan design review, all the way review, plan design review, all the way review, plan design review, all the way through QA, pair agent, CSO ship, land through QA, pair agent, CSO ship, land through QA, pair agent, CSO ship, land and deploy, canary, benchmark, document and deploy, canary, benchmark, document and deploy, canary, benchmark, document release, everything it handles it all release, everything it handles it all release, everything it handles it all end-to-end for you. It is truly awesome. end-to-end for you. It is truly awesome. end-to-end for you. It is truly awesome. Next, we have an open-source open Next, we have an open-source open Next, we have an open-source open weights vision language model from weights vision language model from weights vision language model from Baidu. This one is brand new, coming in Baidu. This one is brand new, coming in Baidu. This one is brand new, coming in just under 3,000 stars, released just a just under 3,000 stars, released just a just under 3,000 stars, released just a couple days ago. You download this open couple days ago. You download this open couple days ago. You download this open weights model, and all of a sudden, you weights model, and all of a sudden, you weights model, and all of a sudden, you have lightning-fast OCR at your have lightning-fast OCR at your have lightning-fast OCR at your fingertips. And if you're not familiar fingertips. And if you're not familiar fingertips. And if you're not familiar with what OCR is, it basically just with what OCR is, it basically just with what OCR is, it basically just means reading and analyzing documents. means reading and analyzing documents. means reading and analyzing documents. So, here are a few examples of what you So, here are a few examples of what you So, here are a few examples of what you can do. On the left side, what you see can do. On the left side, what you see can do. On the left side, what you see is a research paper. And what this is a research paper. And what this is a research paper. And what this project and model are doing is actually project and model are doing is actually project and model are doing is actually highlighting a PDF. And if this doesn't highlighting a PDF. And if this doesn't highlighting a PDF. And if this doesn't sound impressive, let me tell you, this sound impressive, let me tell you, this sound impressive, let me tell you, this is actually a very hard problem. You not is actually a very hard problem. You not is actually a very hard problem. You not only have to fully understand what's on only have to fully understand what's on only have to fully understand what's on the page, but you have to understand the page, but you have to understand the page, but you have to understand where on the page it is, and how to where on the page it is, and how to where on the page it is, and how to highlight it appropriately. And it is highlight it appropriately. And it is highlight it appropriately. And it is super fast, as you're seeing here. Go to super fast, as you're seeing here. Go to super fast, as you're seeing here. Go to Hugging Face to download Hugging Face to download Hugging Face to download over here in files, and the model is over here in files, and the model is over here in files, and the model is only about 6 and 1/2 GB in size. So, only about 6 and 1/2 GB in size. So, only about 6 and 1/2 GB in size. So, very small. Awesome, awesome job. All very small. Awesome, awesome job. All very small. Awesome, awesome job. All right, next, an open-source project out right, next, an open-source project out right, next, an open-source project out of Nvidia. And I should have probably of Nvidia. And I should have probably of Nvidia. And I should have probably put this one at the top of the video, put this one at the top of the video, put this one at the top of the video, but this one scans skills before you but this one scans skills before you but this one scans skills before you install them to make sure they are install them to make sure they are install them to make sure they are secure and safe. This one is coming in secure and safe. This one is coming in secure and safe. This one is coming in under 10,000 stars. It describes itself under 10,000 stars. It describes itself under 10,000 stars. It describes itself as a security scanner for AI agent as a security scanner for AI agent as a security scanner for AI agent skills. Detect vulnerabilities, skills. Detect vulnerabilities, skills. Detect vulnerabilities, malicious patterns, and security risks. malicious patterns, and security risks. malicious patterns, and security risks. And it's from Nvidia, so you know, you And it's from Nvidia, so you know, you And it's from Nvidia, so you know, you can trust it. So, it comes with can trust it. So, it comes with can trust it. So, it comes with multi-format input. You can scan Git multi-format input. You can scan Git multi-format input. You can scan Git repos, URLs, zip files, directories, or repos, URLs, zip files, directories, or repos, URLs, zip files, directories, or single files. It looks for 65 single files. It looks for 65 single files. It looks for 65 vulnerability patterns across 16 vulnerability patterns across 16 vulnerability patterns across 16 categories, including prompt injection, categories, including prompt injection, categories, including prompt injection, data exfiltration, privilege escalation, data exfiltration, privilege escalation, data exfiltration, privilege escalation, supply chain, excessive agency output supply chain, excessive agency output supply chain, excessive agency output handling, and more. Anytime you're about handling, and more. Anytime you're about handling, and more. Anytime you're about to install a skill, you should first use to install a skill, you should first use to install a skill, you should first use Skill Specter to inspect it. All right, Skill Specter to inspect it. All right, Skill Specter to inspect it. All right, next. This one is really cool. It's next. This one is really cool. It's next. This one is really cool. It's called Palmier Pro. It's at 8,000 stars, called Palmier Pro. It's at 8,000 stars, called Palmier Pro. It's at 8,000 stars, and it is a full AI native video editor and it is a full AI native video editor and it is a full AI native video editor that you can download for macOS. Right that you can download for macOS. Right that you can download for macOS. Right now, it's only macOS. Hopefully, they now, it's only macOS. Hopefully, they now, it's only macOS. Hopefully, they release it for Windows and Linux later, release it for Windows and Linux later, release it for Windows and Linux later, but right now, you download it, and the but right now, you download it, and the but right now, you download it, and the best part is, again, it's open source. best part is, again, it's open source. best part is, again, it's open source. So, it has a full MCP server built-in So, it has a full MCP server built-in So, it has a full MCP server built-in generative AI. It integrates with your generative AI. It integrates with your generative AI. It integrates with your existing agents, including Claude, existing agents, including Claude, existing agents, including Claude, Codex, Cursor via MCP, so you can Codex, Cursor via MCP, so you can Codex, Cursor via MCP, so you can control the downloaded video editor with control the downloaded video editor with control the downloaded video editor with your agent. So, you can tell it exactly your agent. So, you can tell it exactly your agent. So, you can tell it exactly how you want it to edit your videos, and how you want it to edit your videos, and how you want it to edit your videos, and it will control this video editor. It is it will control this video editor. It is it will control this video editor. It is beautiful. And the best part is it's beautiful. And the best part is it's beautiful. And the best part is it's absolutely free. And next, truly one of absolutely free. And next, truly one of absolutely free. And next, truly one of the most popular repos on all of GitHub, the most popular repos on all of GitHub, the most popular repos on all of GitHub, we have the Hermes agent coming in we have the Hermes agent coming in we have the Hermes agent coming in above. Congratulations to them. 200,000 above. Congratulations to them. 200,000 above. Congratulations to them. 200,000 stars, and boy, it seems like everybody stars, and boy, it seems like everybody stars, and boy, it seems like everybody is using it now. It is a great is using it now. It is a great is using it now. It is a great alternative to Openclaw. Nothing wrong alternative to Openclaw. Nothing wrong alternative to Openclaw. Nothing wrong with Openclaw. This is just a very cool with Openclaw. This is just a very cool with Openclaw. This is just a very cool extra option that you can try out. It extra option that you can try out. It extra option that you can try out. It has all the features and functionality has all the features and functionality has all the features and functionality that you're familiar with if you've ever that you're familiar with if you've ever that you're familiar with if you've ever used Openclaw, and it really leans into used Openclaw, and it really leans into used Openclaw, and it really leans into the self-healing, self-improving the self-healing, self-improving the self-healing, self-improving functionality. So, as you're using functionality. So, as you're using functionality. So, as you're using Hermes Agent, if one of the skills Hermes Agent, if one of the skills Hermes Agent, if one of the skills fails, it will automatically fix itself fails, it will automatically fix itself fails, it will automatically fix itself and improve for the next run. It has a and improve for the next run. It has a and improve for the next run. It has a million features, so definitely go try million features, so definitely go try million features, so definitely go try this out. I would need a full video to this out. I would need a full video to this out. I would need a full video to review this in full. All right, next we review this in full. All right, next we review this in full. All right, next we have Voicebox. Coming in at 33,000 have Voicebox. Coming in at 33,000 have Voicebox. Coming in at 33,000 stars, this promises to be both 11 Labs stars, this promises to be both 11 Labs stars, this promises to be both 11 Labs and WhisperFlow. So, think about voice and WhisperFlow. So, think about voice and WhisperFlow. So, think about voice output, AI-generated voice output, and output, AI-generated voice output, and output, AI-generated voice output, and also voice transcription. So, voice also voice transcription. So, voice also voice transcription. So, voice input. Put them together and you have input. Put them together and you have input. Put them together and you have both sides of voice, and it's all open both sides of voice, and it's all open both sides of voice, and it's all open source, and it's all free. You can even source, and it's all free. You can even source, and it's all free. You can even plug in local models and run it plug in local models and run it plug in local models and run it completely on your computer. Really completely on your computer. Really completely on your computer. Really well, actually. They sound quite good. well, actually. They sound quite good. well, actually. They sound quite good. So, clone any voice, generate speech, So, clone any voice, generate speech, So, clone any voice, generate speech, dictate into any app, talk to agents in dictate into any app, talk to agents in dictate into any app, talk to agents in voices you own, the full voice IO stack voices you own, the full voice IO stack voices you own, the full voice IO stack running locally on your machine. Here's running locally on your machine. Here's running locally on your machine. Here's an example of what the interface looks an example of what the interface looks an example of what the interface looks like. Here you can type out what you like. Here you can type out what you like. Here you can type out what you want said. It's using Coin 1.7B, want said. It's using Coin 1.7B, want said. It's using Coin 1.7B, and you can see it's generating right and you can see it's generating right and you can see it's generating right there. And it's a beautiful interface, there. And it's a beautiful interface, there. And it's a beautiful interface, very easy to use, very easy to edit your very easy to use, very easy to edit your very easy to use, very easy to edit your voice outputs, and it has a bunch of voice outputs, and it has a bunch of voice outputs, and it has a bunch of features. It is a very complete product. features. It is a very complete product. features. It is a very complete product. So, it has near-perfect voice cloning, So, it has near-perfect voice cloning, So, it has near-perfect voice cloning, thank you to whatever model you're thank you to whatever model you're thank you to whatever model you're using. It has a stories editor, so you using. It has a stories editor, so you using. It has a stories editor, so you can actually edit the audio like you can actually edit the audio like you can actually edit the audio like you would in any timeline editor. You have would in any timeline editor. You have would in any timeline editor. You have audio effects pipeline, local or remote. audio effects pipeline, local or remote. audio effects pipeline, local or remote. We have audio transcription and We have audio transcription and We have audio transcription and unlimited generation, all coming to you unlimited generation, all coming to you unlimited generation, all coming to you within this product. And I actually made within this product. And I actually made within this product. And I actually made a video going over four incredible a video going over four incredible a video going over four incredible open-source projects in-depth. I open-source projects in-depth. I open-source projects in-depth. I actually show you how to install them, actually show you how to install them, actually show you how to install them, show you how to use them. Check it out show you how to use them. Check it out show you how to use them. Check it out right here.
