Hi, Anu here and today we're going to Hi, Anu here and today we're going to Hi, Anu here and today we're going to talk about the employee satisfaction talk about the employee satisfaction talk about the employee satisfaction survey agent. Think of this as a survey agent. Think of this as a survey agent. Think of this as a pre-built agent that's available on lizo pre-built agent that's available on lizo pre-built agent that's available on lizo agent studio. You potentially can access agent studio. You potentially can access agent studio. You potentially can access this using a JSON or even copy the API this using a JSON or even copy the API this using a JSON or even copy the API or use the API key from here and start or use the API key from here and start or use the API key from here and start accessing the specific templized agent accessing the specific templized agent accessing the specific templized agent that's available on Liz. But what I want that's available on Liz. But what I want that's available on Liz. But what I want to give you as an example is imagine you to give you as an example is imagine you to give you as an example is imagine you could automate sending out surveys, could automate sending out surveys, could automate sending out surveys, analyzing them and even maybe analyzing them and even maybe analyzing them and even maybe potentially creating those surveys so potentially creating those surveys so potentially creating those surveys so that you can spend more time actually that you can spend more time actually that you can spend more time actually connecting with people in your connecting with people in your connecting with people in your organization. So the way the employee organization. So the way the employee organization. So the way the employee satisfaction survey works is imagine you satisfaction survey works is imagine you satisfaction survey works is imagine you have a survey distribution agent. have a survey distribution agent. have a survey distribution agent. Imagine survey has been created. You Imagine survey has been created. You Imagine survey has been created. You could also technically have a survey could also technically have a survey could also technically have a survey creation where it looks at here's all creation where it looks at here's all creation where it looks at here's all the input that you provided from your the input that you provided from your the input that you provided from your organization or here is here are some of organization or here is here are some of organization or here is here are some of the surveys we've run in the past and the surveys we've run in the past and the surveys we've run in the past and can you create similar service. So let's can you create similar service. So let's can you create similar service. So let's say you've created the survey. The say you've created the survey. The say you've created the survey. The survey gets distributed across Slack survey gets distributed across Slack survey gets distributed across Slack Gmail and different HR platforms. Now if Gmail and different HR platforms. Now if Gmail and different HR platforms. Now if the employee for some reason is not the employee for some reason is not the employee for some reason is not answering it can automate and keep answering it can automate and keep answering it can automate and keep reminding them. Then you have a response reminding them. Then you have a response reminding them. Then you have a response that is submitted. Once the response that is submitted. Once the response that is submitted. Once the response submitted, the agent so remember all the submitted, the agent so remember all the submitted, the agent so remember all the agents actually marked in this slightly agents actually marked in this slightly agents actually marked in this slightly clayish red color right so the survey clayish red color right so the survey clayish red color right so the survey analysis agent will look at all the analysis agent will look at all the analysis agent will look at all the responses and then after that maybe responses and then after that maybe responses and then after that maybe categorically break them down into categorically break them down into categorically break them down into culture break them down into happiness culture break them down into happiness culture break them down into happiness levels break them down into let's say levels break them down into let's say levels break them down into let's say learning parts and then once you have learning parts and then once you have learning parts and then once you have this analysis agent that goes into the this analysis agent that goes into the this analysis agent that goes into the insights that insights actually looks at insights that insights actually looks at insights that insights actually looks at historical data then it's able to some historical data then it's able to some historical data then it's able to some trend analysis and bring a long-term trend analysis and bring a long-term trend analysis and bring a long-term sentiment tracking into it but it can sentiment tracking into it but it can sentiment tracking into it but it can also create structured reports and then also create structured reports and then also create structured reports and then pass it on to the HR team that let's say pass it on to the HR team that let's say pass it on to the HR team that let's say connected to tools which are essentially connected to tools which are essentially connected to tools which are essentially could your ka your bamboos and workers could your ka your bamboos and workers could your ka your bamboos and workers that's essentially automation employee that's essentially automation employee that's essentially automation employee satisfaction survey you can use this for satisfaction survey you can use this for satisfaction survey you can use this for automating I guess the feedback creation automating I guess the feedback creation automating I guess the feedback creation of the the surveys or the questions and of the the surveys or the questions and of the the surveys or the questions and automate that entire process as part of automate that entire process as part of automate that entire process as part of your HR your HR your HR &gt;&gt; build safe and responsible agents &gt;&gt; build safe and responsible agents &gt;&gt; build safe and responsible agents introducing lizer
