Okay, so this one's been a long time in Okay, so this one's been a long time in Okay, so this one's been a long time in the working, but you guys asked for it, the working, but you guys asked for it, the working, but you guys asked for it, so I'm going to give you guys Copilot so I'm going to give you guys Copilot so I'm going to give you guys Copilot Studio 101. This is your entrylevel Studio 101. This is your entrylevel Studio 101. This is your entrylevel course from me, Copilot Studio Dude, on course from me, Copilot Studio Dude, on course from me, Copilot Studio Dude, on how to get started with Copilot Studio how to get started with Copilot Studio how to get started with Copilot Studio and just an overview of how it works. and just an overview of how it works. and just an overview of how it works. This will be a little deeper than a This will be a little deeper than a This will be a little deeper than a typical 101 because I'm going to make typical 101 because I'm going to make typical 101 because I'm going to make sure that I give you all the details so sure that I give you all the details so sure that I give you all the details so that you understand how to get started that you understand how to get started that you understand how to get started in just one video and be able to start in just one video and be able to start in just one video and be able to start building amazing experiences inside of building amazing experiences inside of building amazing experiences inside of Copilot Studio. So with that, let's get Copilot Studio. So with that, let's get Copilot Studio. So with that, let's get started. This episode is sponsored by started. This episode is sponsored by started. This episode is sponsored by the AI and co-pilot summit running March the AI and co-pilot summit running March the AI and co-pilot summit running March 17th through the 19th at Tory Pines 17th through the 19th at Tory Pines 17th through the 19th at Tory Pines Hilton in San Diego where 750 plus Hilton in San Diego where 750 plus Hilton in San Diego where 750 plus business and technology leaders will business and technology leaders will business and technology leaders will join folks like myself and Donna Sarcar join folks like myself and Donna Sarcar join folks like myself and Donna Sarcar and others from Microsoft along with and others from Microsoft along with and others from Microsoft along with dozens of speakers from the community to dozens of speakers from the community to dozens of speakers from the community to explore the potential of AI on business explore the potential of AI on business explore the potential of AI on business outcomes. Register today at outcomes. Register today at outcomes. Register today at co-pilotssummitna.com. co-pilotssummitna.com. co-pilotssummitna.com. And thanks to them for sponsoring videos And thanks to them for sponsoring videos And thanks to them for sponsoring videos like this to make it possible to bring like this to make it possible to bring like this to make it possible to bring you guys great content. So let's first you guys great content. So let's first you guys great content. So let's first start with what is an agent to begin start with what is an agent to begin start with what is an agent to begin with. Well, an agent is going to be the with. Well, an agent is going to be the with. Well, an agent is going to be the evolution of things like business evolution of things like business evolution of things like business process automation and also your typical process automation and also your typical process automation and also your typical conversational bots of the past. The new conversational bots of the past. The new conversational bots of the past. The new capabilities of generative AI technology capabilities of generative AI technology capabilities of generative AI technology has made it so that you can do more with has made it so that you can do more with has made it so that you can do more with these things and even start to blend these things and even start to blend these things and even start to blend them together in order to be able to them together in order to be able to them together in order to be able to give yourself a really unique experience give yourself a really unique experience give yourself a really unique experience that can do things that you couldn't do that can do things that you couldn't do that can do things that you couldn't do in the past. So, what you're going to in the past. So, what you're going to in the past. So, what you're going to see is that these agents are really see is that these agents are really see is that these agents are really going to be key things that really allow going to be key things that really allow going to be key things that really allow you to automate and execute business you to automate and execute business you to automate and execute business processes and have deep conversations processes and have deep conversations processes and have deep conversations with your customers when you build these with your customers when you build these with your customers when you build these agents inside of Copilot Studio. So, now agents inside of Copilot Studio. So, now agents inside of Copilot Studio. So, now let's talk about the different types of let's talk about the different types of let's talk about the different types of agents. And a lot of people get going agents. And a lot of people get going agents. And a lot of people get going with building and the first thing they with building and the first thing they with building and the first thing they want to do is they jump all the way over want to do is they jump all the way over want to do is they jump all the way over to autonomous agents. This is a great to autonomous agents. This is a great to autonomous agents. This is a great way to fail before you even begin way to fail before you even begin way to fail before you even begin because of the fact that you're starting because of the fact that you're starting because of the fact that you're starting with the most advanced scenario that you with the most advanced scenario that you with the most advanced scenario that you can possibly take on. So really, let's can possibly take on. So really, let's can possibly take on. So really, let's start more in the simple space and let's start more in the simple space and let's start more in the simple space and let's talk about what a retrieval agent is. A talk about what a retrieval agent is. A talk about what a retrieval agent is. A retrieval agent is basically like a chat retrieval agent is basically like a chat retrieval agent is basically like a chat GPT that's grounded on your set of data. GPT that's grounded on your set of data. GPT that's grounded on your set of data. It's where you have the ability to just It's where you have the ability to just It's where you have the ability to just have a conversation and ask questions, have a conversation and ask questions, have a conversation and ask questions, but it only use the data that you have. but it only use the data that you have. but it only use the data that you have. given it to be able to search over it given it to be able to search over it given it to be able to search over it and summarize and give you an answer. and summarize and give you an answer. and summarize and give you an answer. Now, if we move over into task-based Now, if we move over into task-based Now, if we move over into task-based agents, this is where you're going to be agents, this is where you're going to be agents, this is where you're going to be able to do things. You're going to be able to do things. You're going to be able to do things. You're going to be able to write to back-end systems. It's able to write to back-end systems. It's able to write to back-end systems. It's going to do a lot more capability and going to do a lot more capability and going to do a lot more capability and interact with APIs. And this is the part interact with APIs. And this is the part interact with APIs. And this is the part where you'll start to see tools or where you'll start to see tools or where you'll start to see tools or actions coming and getting involved actions coming and getting involved actions coming and getting involved inside of Copilot Studio. Now, when we inside of Copilot Studio. Now, when we inside of Copilot Studio. Now, when we think of autonomous, a lot of people think of autonomous, a lot of people think of autonomous, a lot of people confuse autonomous agents with business confuse autonomous agents with business confuse autonomous agents with business process automation, but they're really process automation, but they're really process automation, but they're really different. You need to think of an different. You need to think of an different. You need to think of an autonomous agent not as a if, then this autonomous agent not as a if, then this autonomous agent not as a if, then this type of situation. An autonomous agent type of situation. An autonomous agent type of situation. An autonomous agent is going to be think of it that you're is going to be think of it that you're is going to be think of it that you're going to be writing a job description. going to be writing a job description. going to be writing a job description. You're going to explain this is what You're going to explain this is what You're going to explain this is what your job is. And then you're going to go your job is. And then you're going to go your job is. And then you're going to go in and saying this is how you do your in and saying this is how you do your in and saying this is how you do your job. Then you're going to give it the job. Then you're going to give it the job. Then you're going to give it the tools to be able to make decisions based tools to be able to make decisions based tools to be able to make decisions based upon the job and its ability to go upon the job and its ability to go upon the job and its ability to go execute it. What are the different tools execute it. What are the different tools execute it. What are the different tools that it's going to have at its disposal that it's going to have at its disposal that it's going to have at its disposal to be able to do its job? What kind of to be able to do its job? What kind of to be able to do its job? What kind of knowledge does it need to be able to knowledge does it need to be able to knowledge does it need to be able to perform its job? And then you have the perform its job? And then you have the perform its job? And then you have the last part which is the most important last part which is the most important last part which is the most important which is when do you do your job? And which is when do you do your job? And which is when do you do your job? And that's the form of a trigger. And we'll that's the form of a trigger. And we'll that's the form of a trigger. And we'll talk more about these concepts as we go talk more about these concepts as we go talk more about these concepts as we go into this. But just know that business into this. But just know that business into this. But just know that business process automation would be if this then process automation would be if this then process automation would be if this then that. Sure, it has a trigger, but it's that. Sure, it has a trigger, but it's that. Sure, it has a trigger, but it's very different because it is very very different because it is very very different because it is very rule-based where an autonomous agent can rule-based where an autonomous agent can rule-based where an autonomous agent can make decisions on its own on how to make decisions on its own on how to make decisions on its own on how to apply the knowledge and tools that you apply the knowledge and tools that you apply the knowledge and tools that you provided so that it can go do what it provided so that it can go do what it provided so that it can go do what it needs to do and perform its job. So now needs to do and perform its job. So now needs to do and perform its job. So now let's bring C-pilot Studio into the let's bring C-pilot Studio into the let's bring C-pilot Studio into the picture. What is Cop-ilot Studio? Well, picture. What is Cop-ilot Studio? Well, picture. What is Cop-ilot Studio? Well, Copilot Studio is basically the tool Copilot Studio is basically the tool Copilot Studio is basically the tool that Microsoft provides that allows you that Microsoft provides that allows you that Microsoft provides that allows you to be able to build standalone agents to be able to build standalone agents to be able to build standalone agents that you want to build for your that you want to build for your that you want to build for your different enterprise scenarios and it different enterprise scenarios and it different enterprise scenarios and it also allows you to be able to extend also allows you to be able to extend also allows you to be able to extend firstparty copilot products like the firstparty copilot products like the firstparty copilot products like the Microsoft 365 C-Pilot. Well, just know Microsoft 365 C-Pilot. Well, just know Microsoft 365 C-Pilot. Well, just know that it comes in two different flavors that it comes in two different flavors that it comes in two different flavors though. It comes in copilot studio and though. It comes in copilot studio and though. It comes in copilot studio and copilot studio light. Full copilot copilot studio light. Full copilot copilot studio light. Full copilot studio is really intended for enterprise studio is really intended for enterprise studio is really intended for enterprise development and it's made so that you development and it's made so that you development and it's made so that you can go and build enterprise-based tools can go and build enterprise-based tools can go and build enterprise-based tools and allows you with doing things like and allows you with doing things like and allows you with doing things like policies to control what kind of data policies to control what kind of data policies to control what kind of data can be used and what data can be used can be used and what data can be used can be used and what data can be used together. Also allowing you to be able together. Also allowing you to be able together. Also allowing you to be able to control who can build and all of to control who can build and all of to control who can build and all of those different things. And then we have those different things. And then we have those different things. And then we have the citizen developer version of this the citizen developer version of this the citizen developer version of this which is copilot studio light which most which is copilot studio light which most which is copilot studio light which most people see inside of the M365 copilot people see inside of the M365 copilot people see inside of the M365 copilot where you can create an agent and all it where you can create an agent and all it where you can create an agent and all it does in that space is be able to create does in that space is be able to create does in that space is be able to create declarative agents. And what I mean by declarative agents. And what I mean by declarative agents. And what I mean by that is think of it as you can say that is think of it as you can say that is think of it as you can say here's the data inside of my M365 here's the data inside of my M365 here's the data inside of my M365 copilot or the backend uh office graph copilot or the backend uh office graph copilot or the backend uh office graph that I have access to, but I only want that I have access to, but I only want that I have access to, but I only want to be able to let you get access to that to be able to let you get access to that to be able to let you get access to that and make sure that it's controlled to and make sure that it's controlled to and make sure that it's controlled to the data that you have access to. But the data that you have access to. But the data that you have access to. But then let's go a little bit further and then let's go a little bit further and then let's go a little bit further and say let's give it some instructions to say let's give it some instructions to say let's give it some instructions to explain how it should apply that and explain how it should apply that and explain how it should apply that and also be able to limit which data it's also be able to limit which data it's also be able to limit which data it's going to have access to. not just going to have access to. not just going to have access to. not just everything. So that's really the everything. So that's really the everything. So that's really the difference between Copilot Studio and difference between Copilot Studio and difference between Copilot Studio and Copilot Studio Light. So the next thing Copilot Studio Light. So the next thing Copilot Studio Light. So the next thing we need to think about is that Copilot we need to think about is that Copilot we need to think about is that Copilot Studio fits within a Microsoft Agentic Studio fits within a Microsoft Agentic Studio fits within a Microsoft Agentic ecosystem. And so if we can understand ecosystem. And so if we can understand ecosystem. And so if we can understand what role it plays, it really makes it a what role it plays, it really makes it a what role it plays, it really makes it a lot easier to understand where Copilot lot easier to understand where Copilot lot easier to understand where Copilot Studio fits into the whole Microsoft Studio fits into the whole Microsoft Studio fits into the whole Microsoft story. So let's start on the far left story. So let's start on the far left story. So let's start on the far left here and let's talk about Copilot Chat. here and let's talk about Copilot Chat. here and let's talk about Copilot Chat. Co-pilot Chat is this implementation. Co-pilot Chat is this implementation. Co-pilot Chat is this implementation. It's generally free for people to use It's generally free for people to use It's generally free for people to use within their organization, within their organization, within their organization, but it's intended specifically to allow but it's intended specifically to allow but it's intended specifically to allow companies to be able to lock down and be companies to be able to lock down and be companies to be able to lock down and be able to use something that's safe for able to use something that's safe for able to use something that's safe for them. Let's say that you wanted to go in them. Let's say that you wanted to go in them. Let's say that you wanted to go in and ask questions about your source code and ask questions about your source code and ask questions about your source code and that you have for your application. and that you have for your application. and that you have for your application. Well, if you just go ask this out to Well, if you just go ask this out to Well, if you just go ask this out to just general web-based uh chatgpt or just general web-based uh chatgpt or just general web-based uh chatgpt or some of these other solutions like maybe some of these other solutions like maybe some of these other solutions like maybe even Grock, what you're going to end up even Grock, what you're going to end up even Grock, what you're going to end up with is you're basically taking that with is you're basically taking that with is you're basically taking that information and allowing them to train information and allowing them to train information and allowing them to train your their models. You're also putting your their models. You're also putting your their models. You're also putting your source code out on the internet for your source code out on the internet for your source code out on the internet for everyone to see. So, here's the thing everyone to see. So, here's the thing everyone to see. So, here's the thing that uh Copilot Chat does for you. It that uh Copilot Chat does for you. It that uh Copilot Chat does for you. It allows organizations to be able to lock allows organizations to be able to lock allows organizations to be able to lock it down and say, "Here you go. This is a it down and say, "Here you go. This is a it down and say, "Here you go. This is a safe place for you to go have those safe place for you to go have those safe place for you to go have those conversations. Sure, it uses the web conversations. Sure, it uses the web conversations. Sure, it uses the web content to help you, but it doesn't content to help you, but it doesn't content to help you, but it doesn't share that information back for training share that information back for training share that information back for training the model or anything of that nature. the model or anything of that nature. the model or anything of that nature. So, it's an enterprise safe way of being So, it's an enterprise safe way of being So, it's an enterprise safe way of being able to do it along with controls that able to do it along with controls that able to do it along with controls that help organizations be able to push this help organizations be able to push this help organizations be able to push this in. Now, when we get into the M365 in. Now, when we get into the M365 in. Now, when we get into the M365 Copilot, the M365 C-Pilot is a little Copilot, the M365 C-Pilot is a little Copilot, the M365 C-Pilot is a little different. It's basically take that different. It's basically take that different. It's basically take that capability and now add the office graph capability and now add the office graph capability and now add the office graph to it and add the ability for you to do to it and add the ability for you to do to it and add the ability for you to do personal productivity assistant type of personal productivity assistant type of personal productivity assistant type of scenarios. And that allows us to be able scenarios. And that allows us to be able scenarios. And that allows us to be able to do a lot more and be able to get to do a lot more and be able to get to do a lot more and be able to get access to our corporate data to be able access to our corporate data to be able access to our corporate data to be able to generate responses not grounded on to generate responses not grounded on to generate responses not grounded on just web but also grounded on just our just web but also grounded on just our just web but also grounded on just our data. Now, the thing is is that you can data. Now, the thing is is that you can data. Now, the thing is is that you can actually extend your M365 copilot or actually extend your M365 copilot or actually extend your M365 copilot or your co-pilot chat by using Microsoft your co-pilot chat by using Microsoft your co-pilot chat by using Microsoft agents to be able to do this. Now, the agents to be able to do this. Now, the agents to be able to do this. Now, the beauty of this is that this is where you beauty of this is that this is where you beauty of this is that this is where you can go in and make it do things that can go in and make it do things that can go in and make it do things that doesn't do right out of the box. And a doesn't do right out of the box. And a doesn't do right out of the box. And a lot of people see a lot of value in lot of people see a lot of value in lot of people see a lot of value in building these different agents. Now, building these different agents. Now, building these different agents. Now, how do you build those agents? Well, you how do you build those agents? Well, you how do you build those agents? Well, you build those agents because you're going build those agents because you're going build those agents because you're going to go use Cop-ilot Studio. And Copilot to go use Cop-ilot Studio. And Copilot to go use Cop-ilot Studio. And Copilot Studio is the way to be able to build Studio is the way to be able to build Studio is the way to be able to build these agents. And you can build them these agents. And you can build them these agents. And you can build them where they stand alone on their own with where they stand alone on their own with where they stand alone on their own with full copilot studio or you can use full copilot studio or you can use full copilot studio or you can use copilot studio light to be able to copilot studio light to be able to copilot studio light to be able to extend these agents with just extend these agents with just extend these agents with just declarative level co-pilot experiences. declarative level co-pilot experiences. declarative level co-pilot experiences. Now, the beauty of this is that full Now, the beauty of this is that full Now, the beauty of this is that full copilot studio can also be used to copilot studio can also be used to copilot studio can also be used to extend these firstparty copilot extend these firstparty copilot extend these firstparty copilot products. And so, you basically have no products. And so, you basically have no products. And so, you basically have no walls here that you're going to run walls here that you're going to run walls here that you're going to run into. And if you want to build your into. And if you want to build your into. And if you want to build your whole enterprise in your own agent, you whole enterprise in your own agent, you whole enterprise in your own agent, you can do that in Copilot Studio as well. can do that in Copilot Studio as well. can do that in Copilot Studio as well. This is where people get a little This is where people get a little This is where people get a little confused because then they go, "Wait a confused because then they go, "Wait a confused because then they go, "Wait a minute, I can also do that in Azure AI minute, I can also do that in Azure AI minute, I can also do that in Azure AI Foundry and inside of Azure." And you'd Foundry and inside of Azure." And you'd Foundry and inside of Azure." And you'd be right. You can actually go do that. be right. You can actually go do that. be right. You can actually go do that. But let's talk about what Copilot Studio But let's talk about what Copilot Studio But let's talk about what Copilot Studio is at its core. It's a conversational is at its core. It's a conversational is at its core. It's a conversational orchestrator. It's like, think of it orchestrator. It's like, think of it orchestrator. It's like, think of it like a router of IP networks. It can like a router of IP networks. It can like a router of IP networks. It can take and bring all these different take and bring all these different take and bring all these different components together and allow you to be components together and allow you to be components together and allow you to be able to decide or add into your agent able to decide or add into your agent able to decide or add into your agent the ability to say, "Oh, if we're the ability to say, "Oh, if we're the ability to say, "Oh, if we're talking about IT stuff, let's go to that talking about IT stuff, let's go to that talking about IT stuff, let's go to that Azure AI Foundry implementation that we Azure AI Foundry implementation that we Azure AI Foundry implementation that we built for IT, built for IT, built for IT, maybe we want to talk about HR things, maybe we want to talk about HR things, maybe we want to talk about HR things, we could have built that inside of we could have built that inside of we could have built that inside of Copilot Studio and we would be able to Copilot Studio and we would be able to Copilot Studio and we would be able to orchestrate between all of these things, orchestrate between all of these things, orchestrate between all of these things, allowing us the ability to be able to allowing us the ability to be able to allowing us the ability to be able to route and orchestrate to whatever we route and orchestrate to whatever we route and orchestrate to whatever we want, taking down the barriers and being want, taking down the barriers and being want, taking down the barriers and being able to make it where we can build able to make it where we can build able to make it where we can build really robust experiences. Not just an really robust experiences. Not just an really robust experiences. Not just an IT agent, not just an HR agent, we can IT agent, not just an HR agent, we can IT agent, not just an HR agent, we can build an employee assistant. Now, if we build an employee assistant. Now, if we build an employee assistant. Now, if we go further into Azure AI Foundry, this go further into Azure AI Foundry, this go further into Azure AI Foundry, this is where you'll go to be able to do is where you'll go to be able to do is where you'll go to be able to do things like fine-tune a model or be able things like fine-tune a model or be able things like fine-tune a model or be able to to to bring up different models that are bring up different models that are bring up different models that are industry models and things of that industry models and things of that industry models and things of that nature. And Copilot Studio plugs in and nature. And Copilot Studio plugs in and nature. And Copilot Studio plugs in and works great with Azure AI Foundry. And works great with Azure AI Foundry. And works great with Azure AI Foundry. And so when people come to me and they ask so when people come to me and they ask so when people come to me and they ask me, hey, should I use Copilot Studio or me, hey, should I use Copilot Studio or me, hey, should I use Copilot Studio or Azure AI Foundry to build my agent? The Azure AI Foundry to build my agent? The Azure AI Foundry to build my agent? The answer is yes. You should use them both. answer is yes. You should use them both. answer is yes. You should use them both. You should use them where they are You should use them where they are You should use them where they are appropriate and you should have all the appropriate and you should have all the appropriate and you should have all the tools on your Batman tool belt, not just tools on your Batman tool belt, not just tools on your Batman tool belt, not just a couple of them. And then the last part a couple of them. And then the last part a couple of them. And then the last part is we'll talk about third party and is we'll talk about third party and is we'll talk about third party and custom agents. This is going to be where custom agents. This is going to be where custom agents. This is going to be where now Copilot Studio Studio with it being now Copilot Studio Studio with it being now Copilot Studio Studio with it being a orchestrator can actually start to a orchestrator can actually start to a orchestrator can actually start to plug in new and third-party systems. plug in new and third-party systems. plug in new and third-party systems. This is where you'll start seeing us This is where you'll start seeing us This is where you'll start seeing us talk about things like Ato which is talk about things like Ato which is talk about things like Ato which is agent to agent protocol which is owned agent to agent protocol which is owned agent to agent protocol which is owned by Google or we start talking about MCP by Google or we start talking about MCP by Google or we start talking about MCP or model context protocol which was or model context protocol which was or model context protocol which was created by anthropic. These are things created by anthropic. These are things created by anthropic. These are things that start to plug in and these are that start to plug in and these are that start to plug in and these are external things that are outside of the external things that are outside of the external things that are outside of the Microsoft ecosystem coming in and Microsoft ecosystem coming in and Microsoft ecosystem coming in and starting to work in conjunction and starting to work in conjunction and starting to work in conjunction and allowing Copilot Studio to orchestrate allowing Copilot Studio to orchestrate allowing Copilot Studio to orchestrate and use those things whether they're and use those things whether they're and use those things whether they're inside of Azure or they're in some other inside of Azure or they're in some other inside of Azure or they're in some other technology space. As long as you trust technology space. As long as you trust technology space. As long as you trust it as the maker and you want to it as the maker and you want to it as the maker and you want to orchestrate to it, we're going to make orchestrate to it, we're going to make orchestrate to it, we're going to make sure that that's something that you can sure that that's something that you can sure that that's something that you can do. So now let's talk about the major do. So now let's talk about the major do. So now let's talk about the major components of Copilot Studio under the components of Copilot Studio under the components of Copilot Studio under the hood. I like to talk to people and hood. I like to talk to people and hood. I like to talk to people and explain these much like ingredients explain these much like ingredients explain these much like ingredients inside of a kitchen. Whenever you want inside of a kitchen. Whenever you want inside of a kitchen. Whenever you want to go cook something in your kitchen, to go cook something in your kitchen, to go cook something in your kitchen, you go in, you have different you go in, you have different you go in, you have different ingredients and you might use the same ingredients and you might use the same ingredients and you might use the same ingredients but just apply them in ingredients but just apply them in ingredients but just apply them in different ways to be able to use them in different ways to be able to use them in different ways to be able to use them in recipes to build different uh different recipes to build different uh different recipes to build different uh different dishes or experiences inside the dishes or experiences inside the dishes or experiences inside the kitchen. So imagine if you kind of take kitchen. So imagine if you kind of take kitchen. So imagine if you kind of take that same concept and apply it into that same concept and apply it into that same concept and apply it into Copilot Studio and the different Copilot Studio and the different Copilot Studio and the different components that are within it. So let's components that are within it. So let's components that are within it. So let's first start with topics. Topics are our first start with topics. Topics are our first start with topics. Topics are our advanced mode. This is the place where advanced mode. This is the place where advanced mode. This is the place where we're going to be able to be in full we're going to be able to be in full we're going to be able to be in full control as the maker. We can go all the control as the maker. We can go all the control as the maker. We can go all the way down to the level of saying this is way down to the level of saying this is way down to the level of saying this is exactly what I want you to say or we can exactly what I want you to say or we can exactly what I want you to say or we can even go and say oh let's check the even go and say oh let's check the even go and say oh let's check the internal knowledge base before we check internal knowledge base before we check internal knowledge base before we check the external knowledge base. This is the external knowledge base. This is the external knowledge base. This is going to allow you the ability to hook going to allow you the ability to hook going to allow you the ability to hook different places inside of C-Pilot different places inside of C-Pilot different places inside of C-Pilot Studio so that that way you can build Studio so that that way you can build Studio so that that way you can build these different experiences and release these different experiences and release these different experiences and release degenerative AI where you want and degenerative AI where you want and degenerative AI where you want and control it completely where you don't control it completely where you don't control it completely where you don't want it to be in in control. And topics want it to be in in control. And topics want it to be in in control. And topics are one of the most powerful things are one of the most powerful things are one of the most powerful things inside of Copilot Studio that you can inside of Copilot Studio that you can inside of Copilot Studio that you can build with. And know that this is only build with. And know that this is only build with. And know that this is only available in full Copilot Studio for you available in full Copilot Studio for you available in full Copilot Studio for you to be able to do it because it is very to be able to do it because it is very to be able to do it because it is very much an advanced feature. And as you much an advanced feature. And as you much an advanced feature. And as you start building inside of Copilot Studio, start building inside of Copilot Studio, start building inside of Copilot Studio, you're going to start seeing places you're going to start seeing places you're going to start seeing places where you're going to want to accomplish where you're going to want to accomplish where you're going to want to accomplish things by using topics uh to be able to things by using topics uh to be able to things by using topics uh to be able to do things. I like to tell people if you do things. I like to tell people if you do things. I like to tell people if you say, "Well, why would anyone ever want a say, "Well, why would anyone ever want a say, "Well, why would anyone ever want a scripted response in this day and age?" scripted response in this day and age?" scripted response in this day and age?" A great example would be imagine that A great example would be imagine that A great example would be imagine that I'm a the largest soda manufacturer in I'm a the largest soda manufacturer in I'm a the largest soda manufacturer in the world and I come in and you say, the world and I come in and you say, the world and I come in and you say, "What's the best drink in the world?" "What's the best drink in the world?" "What's the best drink in the world?" Well, I want to make sure that the Well, I want to make sure that the Well, I want to make sure that the marketing department gets exactly what marketing department gets exactly what marketing department gets exactly what they want to be said, not even generated they want to be said, not even generated they want to be said, not even generated off of something. Or maybe there's a off of something. Or maybe there's a off of something. Or maybe there's a legal reason I need to be able to answer legal reason I need to be able to answer legal reason I need to be able to answer a question in a very specific way or I a question in a very specific way or I a question in a very specific way or I need to be able to at least ask the need to be able to at least ask the need to be able to at least ask the questions in very specific ways. So questions in very specific ways. So questions in very specific ways. So again, topics are going to be kind of a again, topics are going to be kind of a again, topics are going to be kind of a superpower of Copilot Studio and a place superpower of Copilot Studio and a place superpower of Copilot Studio and a place where makers inside of Copilot Studio where makers inside of Copilot Studio where makers inside of Copilot Studio get all the control they need. Now, if get all the control they need. Now, if get all the control they need. Now, if we move into knowledge, knowledge is a we move into knowledge, knowledge is a we move into knowledge, knowledge is a SASbased rag pattern. And this, if SASbased rag pattern. And this, if SASbased rag pattern. And this, if you're not familiar with what rag you're not familiar with what rag you're not familiar with what rag patterns are, it stands for retrieval patterns are, it stands for retrieval patterns are, it stands for retrieval augmented generation, which basically is augmented generation, which basically is augmented generation, which basically is chat GPT over data that you provide it. chat GPT over data that you provide it. chat GPT over data that you provide it. So when we look at this, what you're So when we look at this, what you're So when we look at this, what you're really getting down to is this is going really getting down to is this is going really getting down to is this is going to be a SASbased or software as a to be a SASbased or software as a to be a SASbased or software as a service-based implementation. It is service-based implementation. It is service-based implementation. It is meant to be a commodity implementation meant to be a commodity implementation meant to be a commodity implementation of different rag patterns so that you of different rag patterns so that you of different rag patterns so that you can go in and be able to say that maybe can go in and be able to say that maybe can go in and be able to say that maybe you just want to answer questions over you just want to answer questions over you just want to answer questions over data in your SharePoint or maybe you data in your SharePoint or maybe you data in your SharePoint or maybe you want to answer questions over files want to answer questions over files want to answer questions over files you've uploaded or websites. This allows you've uploaded or websites. This allows you've uploaded or websites. This allows you not to have to build it all from you not to have to build it all from you not to have to build it all from scratch and you get a lot of control and scratch and you get a lot of control and scratch and you get a lot of control and a lot of power inside of Copilot Studio a lot of power inside of Copilot Studio a lot of power inside of Copilot Studio with the way that we offer knowledge with the way that we offer knowledge with the way that we offer knowledge right out of the box. Now, as we move to right out of the box. Now, as we move to right out of the box. Now, as we move to tools, tools are really where it starts tools, tools are really where it starts tools, tools are really where it starts to get really powerful because tools are to get really powerful because tools are to get really powerful because tools are going to give you the ability to build going to give you the ability to build going to give you the ability to build conversational rappers over APIs or conversational rappers over APIs or conversational rappers over APIs or business process automations. It's also business process automations. It's also business process automations. It's also where you're going to start seeing where you're going to start seeing where you're going to start seeing custom prompts coming in. You're also custom prompts coming in. You're also custom prompts coming in. You're also going to find that this is where you going to find that this is where you going to find that this is where you really are taking it and saying here are really are taking it and saying here are really are taking it and saying here are things that I want to be able to do that things that I want to be able to do that things that I want to be able to do that is taking data and being able to write is taking data and being able to write is taking data and being able to write data or being able to also consume other data or being able to also consume other data or being able to also consume other uh components such as MCP servers would uh components such as MCP servers would uh components such as MCP servers would be an example of a tool and we'll go be an example of a tool and we'll go be an example of a tool and we'll go into tools in more depth in each of into tools in more depth in each of into tools in more depth in each of these different places. So don't worry these different places. So don't worry these different places. So don't worry uh if you don't get it right here. Now, uh if you don't get it right here. Now, uh if you don't get it right here. Now, analytics, it also includes analytics analytics, it also includes analytics analytics, it also includes analytics inside of Copilot Studio. There's been inside of Copilot Studio. There's been inside of Copilot Studio. There's been tons of investments inside of analytics tons of investments inside of analytics tons of investments inside of analytics inside of Copilot Studio. And as you'll inside of Copilot Studio. And as you'll inside of Copilot Studio. And as you'll see when we get into the demo portions, see when we get into the demo portions, see when we get into the demo portions, there's a lot of new capabilities of the there's a lot of new capabilities of the there's a lot of new capabilities of the analytics suite that's going to really analytics suite that's going to really analytics suite that's going to really help you maintain and operate your agent help you maintain and operate your agent help you maintain and operate your agent once you've got it up and going. Now, as once you've got it up and going. Now, as once you've got it up and going. Now, as we go into channels, channels is really we go into channels, channels is really we go into channels, channels is really an interesting space because a lot of an interesting space because a lot of an interesting space because a lot of people don't understand that you need to people don't understand that you need to people don't understand that you need to have many different ways to communicate have many different ways to communicate have many different ways to communicate with your users. Maybe you want to talk with your users. Maybe you want to talk with your users. Maybe you want to talk to them on the phone, maybe you want to to them on the phone, maybe you want to to them on the phone, maybe you want to talk to them in a web chat, maybe it's talk to them in a web chat, maybe it's talk to them in a web chat, maybe it's in Teams, maybe it's Facebook Messenger, in Teams, maybe it's Facebook Messenger, in Teams, maybe it's Facebook Messenger, maybe it's WhatsApp, text messages. All maybe it's WhatsApp, text messages. All maybe it's WhatsApp, text messages. All of these are examples of channels. Each of these are examples of channels. Each of these are examples of channels. Each of the channels have their own of the channels have their own of the channels have their own requirements and their own capabilities. requirements and their own capabilities. requirements and their own capabilities. And so Copilot Studio allows you not to And so Copilot Studio allows you not to And so Copilot Studio allows you not to just be able to plug into one channel. just be able to plug into one channel. just be able to plug into one channel. You can plug into multiple channels. You can plug into multiple channels. You can plug into multiple channels. Now, there are going to be some gotchas Now, there are going to be some gotchas Now, there are going to be some gotchas as we go into channels. So that you need as we go into channels. So that you need as we go into channels. So that you need to be aware because different channels to be aware because different channels to be aware because different channels have different capabilities. have different capabilities. have different capabilities. You might need to think about the You might need to think about the You might need to think about the channel you're wanting to use and make channel you're wanting to use and make channel you're wanting to use and make sure that you understand the sure that you understand the sure that you understand the capabilities and the features that that capabilities and the features that that capabilities and the features that that channel supports. So if we go into channel supports. So if we go into channel supports. So if we go into variables, variables is the last part variables, variables is the last part variables, variables is the last part here and variables a lot of people here and variables a lot of people here and variables a lot of people confuse with memory. Memory is a thing confuse with memory. Memory is a thing confuse with memory. Memory is a thing that is in around generative AI models that is in around generative AI models that is in around generative AI models and how generative a AI models can and how generative a AI models can and how generative a AI models can remember things. But this is not what remember things. But this is not what remember things. But this is not what variables is. Variables are basically variables is. Variables are basically variables is. Variables are basically being able to manage data into what we being able to manage data into what we being able to manage data into what we call the conversation state. And so what call the conversation state. And so what call the conversation state. And so what is the conversation state? It's is the conversation state? It's is the conversation state? It's basically the data that's being stored basically the data that's being stored basically the data that's being stored as long as you're having a conversation. as long as you're having a conversation. as long as you're having a conversation. So imagine you're having a conversation So imagine you're having a conversation So imagine you're having a conversation with me and we're talking about with me and we're talking about with me and we're talking about something. This allows me to be able to something. This allows me to be able to something. This allows me to be able to store different pieces of information store different pieces of information store different pieces of information such as think of what if I want to load such as think of what if I want to load such as think of what if I want to load in the person who logged in and I want in the person who logged in and I want in the person who logged in and I want to bring in into like a variable all of to bring in into like a variable all of to bring in into like a variable all of their contact information or their user their contact information or their user their contact information or their user profile and all of that. So maybe that profile and all of that. So maybe that profile and all of that. So maybe that could help me figure out how to could help me figure out how to could help me figure out how to orchestrate the conversation. Maybe I'm orchestrate the conversation. Maybe I'm orchestrate the conversation. Maybe I'm talking to an employee and I need to be talking to an employee and I need to be talking to an employee and I need to be able to make a decision. Is this able to make a decision. Is this able to make a decision. Is this employee a hourly employee or a salaried employee a hourly employee or a salaried employee a hourly employee or a salaried employee? Maybe this employee works in employee? Maybe this employee works in employee? Maybe this employee works in the US or they work in India. And that the US or they work in India. And that the US or they work in India. And that might change how I would behave or how I might change how I would behave or how I might change how I would behave or how I might use the different tools at my might use the different tools at my might use the different tools at my disposal or different knowledge items disposal or different knowledge items disposal or different knowledge items that are available to me. This is where that are available to me. This is where that are available to me. This is where variables would come in and that's why variables would come in and that's why variables would come in and that's why they're so important as we continue on. they're so important as we continue on. they're so important as we continue on. So now that we've got all of our So now that we've got all of our So now that we've got all of our different ingredients, we can now we can different ingredients, we can now we can different ingredients, we can now we can go and we can start in copilot studio go and we can start in copilot studio go and we can start in copilot studio and since it's a SAS, it'll go and and since it's a SAS, it'll go and and since it's a SAS, it'll go and provision everything we need by just provision everything we need by just provision everything we need by just saying we want to create an agent. We saying we want to create an agent. We saying we want to create an agent. We can then go and create triggers to can then go and create triggers to can then go and create triggers to different conversations or just how do different conversations or just how do different conversations or just how do we want this thing to be triggered to be we want this thing to be triggered to be we want this thing to be triggered to be able to be enabled if it's an autonomous able to be enabled if it's an autonomous able to be enabled if it's an autonomous agent. But we start to work with agent. But we start to work with agent. But we start to work with triggers and say this is when you do triggers and say this is when you do triggers and say this is when you do things. Then we go and we start adding things. Then we go and we start adding things. Then we go and we start adding knowledge and we add the knowledge in knowledge and we add the knowledge in knowledge and we add the knowledge in that we want so that that way we can that we want so that that way we can that we want so that that way we can answer questions based upon the answer questions based upon the answer questions based upon the knowledge and with the rules that we knowledge and with the rules that we knowledge and with the rules that we want over that knowledge so that we can want over that knowledge so that we can want over that knowledge so that we can have the experience we're looking for. have the experience we're looking for. have the experience we're looking for. Then we move into creating specific Then we move into creating specific Then we move into creating specific topics and being able to go in and say topics and being able to go in and say topics and being able to go in and say these are the things I really want these are the things I really want these are the things I really want control of and make sure that those control of and make sure that those control of and make sure that those things are set. Then we move into things are set. Then we move into things are set. Then we move into actions which is the uh old name for actions which is the uh old name for actions which is the uh old name for tools. And what we can do there is we tools. And what we can do there is we tools. And what we can do there is we can start hooking into all of our can start hooking into all of our can start hooking into all of our back-end systems and all of our APIs. So back-end systems and all of our APIs. So back-end systems and all of our APIs. So that way we get the ability to actually that way we get the ability to actually that way we get the ability to actually do things and do taskbased scenarios. We do things and do taskbased scenarios. We do things and do taskbased scenarios. We then take that and we publish it to then take that and we publish it to then take that and we publish it to multiple channels or to whichever multiple channels or to whichever multiple channels or to whichever channels we want to be able to interface channels we want to be able to interface channels we want to be able to interface with our users so that we can meet our with our users so that we can meet our with our users so that we can meet our users where they are. Then you want to users where they are. Then you want to users where they are. Then you want to be able to operate it. So we need to be be able to operate it. So we need to be be able to operate it. So we need to be able to monitor and improve and we use able to monitor and improve and we use able to monitor and improve and we use our analytics to be able to go and do our analytics to be able to go and do our analytics to be able to go and do that. And then we the last thing that we that. And then we the last thing that we that. And then we the last thing that we can do is we can go in and extend with can do is we can go in and extend with can do is we can go in and extend with Azure AI Foundry or any of our Azure AI Foundry or any of our Azure AI Foundry or any of our thirdparty extensibility capabilities to thirdparty extensibility capabilities to thirdparty extensibility capabilities to do the things that maybe we need to do do the things that maybe we need to do do the things that maybe we need to do that's outside of the scope of what you that's outside of the scope of what you that's outside of the scope of what you can do in just inside of Copilot Studio. can do in just inside of Copilot Studio. can do in just inside of Copilot Studio. And we just keep going around this And we just keep going around this And we just keep going around this circle improving and improving over circle improving and improving over circle improving and improving over time. So now that we understand the time. So now that we understand the time. So now that we understand the different components, you can now also different components, you can now also different components, you can now also see how this all kind of plugs together. see how this all kind of plugs together. see how this all kind of plugs together. So in Copilot Studio inside of it, if we So in Copilot Studio inside of it, if we So in Copilot Studio inside of it, if we kind of doubleclick in, we have this kind of doubleclick in, we have this kind of doubleclick in, we have this ability to have this orchestrator. This ability to have this orchestrator. This ability to have this orchestrator. This is the thing that's going to decide when is the thing that's going to decide when is the thing that's going to decide when to use a topic, when to use a piece of to use a topic, when to use a piece of to use a topic, when to use a piece of knowledge, what tool should be used, why knowledge, what tool should be used, why knowledge, what tool should be used, why it should be used, and when to engage it should be used, and when to engage it should be used, and when to engage it. We also have this concept of agents it. We also have this concept of agents it. We also have this concept of agents or these sub aents inside of our copilot or these sub aents inside of our copilot or these sub aents inside of our copilot studio agent so that we can say here's a studio agent so that we can say here's a studio agent so that we can say here's a group of tools or a group of knowledge group of tools or a group of knowledge group of tools or a group of knowledge and tools or components that are to be and tools or components that are to be and tools or components that are to be used for HR scenarios and then here's a used for HR scenarios and then here's a used for HR scenarios and then here's a different one that's for IT scenarios different one that's for IT scenarios different one that's for IT scenarios and then oh the whole orchestrator is an and then oh the whole orchestrator is an and then oh the whole orchestrator is an employee assistant but we also have that employee assistant but we also have that employee assistant but we also have that ability to reach out as well to ability to reach out as well to ability to reach out as well to connected agents where we're reaching connected agents where we're reaching connected agents where we're reaching out to other copilot studio agents. We out to other copilot studio agents. We out to other copilot studio agents. We can use M365 agents SDK to build things can use M365 agents SDK to build things can use M365 agents SDK to build things and consume those as external entities. and consume those as external entities. and consume those as external entities. Those and just so you know that's the Those and just so you know that's the Those and just so you know that's the rebrand of the bot framework SDK. And rebrand of the bot framework SDK. And rebrand of the bot framework SDK. And then we have the Azure Foundry then we have the Azure Foundry then we have the Azure Foundry components where if I wanted to build a components where if I wanted to build a components where if I wanted to build a full agent inside of Azure uh foundry full agent inside of Azure uh foundry full agent inside of Azure uh foundry and I want to call it, I will be able to and I want to call it, I will be able to and I want to call it, I will be able to do that as well. And then we also have do that as well. And then we also have do that as well. And then we also have fabric a agents that are outside that we fabric a agents that are outside that we fabric a agents that are outside that we can call in as well. And then our can call in as well. And then our can call in as well. And then our orchestrator can decide when and where orchestrator can decide when and where orchestrator can decide when and where to use all of these different pieces and to use all of these different pieces and to use all of these different pieces and all the different tools based upon the all the different tools based upon the all the different tools based upon the way that the maker has explained it and way that the maker has explained it and way that the maker has explained it and be able to get you to the right thing to be able to get you to the right thing to be able to get you to the right thing to answer the question of the user. So answer the question of the user. So answer the question of the user. So let's explore the planner and the let's explore the planner and the let's explore the planner and the generative orchestration layer inside of generative orchestration layer inside of generative orchestration layer inside of copilot studio. So when we talk about copilot studio. So when we talk about copilot studio. So when we talk about the generative orchestrator and we we the generative orchestrator and we we the generative orchestrator and we we talked about that before, this is the talked about that before, this is the talked about that before, this is the thing that makes co-pilot studio so thing that makes co-pilot studio so thing that makes co-pilot studio so powerful because what it's going to do powerful because what it's going to do powerful because what it's going to do is when a user says something to it, is when a user says something to it, is when a user says something to it, it's going to look at all the inventory it's going to look at all the inventory it's going to look at all the inventory of all the topics, all the tools, all of all the topics, all the tools, all of all the topics, all the tools, all the knowledge, everything it has at its the knowledge, everything it has at its the knowledge, everything it has at its disposal, and it's going to generate a disposal, and it's going to generate a disposal, and it's going to generate a plan. And that plan is then going to get plan. And that plan is then going to get plan. And that plan is then going to get executed with whichever tools it needs. executed with whichever tools it needs. executed with whichever tools it needs. And it might need a combination of tools And it might need a combination of tools And it might need a combination of tools to be able to pull this together. And so to be able to pull this together. And so to be able to pull this together. And so it might use a topic. It might also use it might use a topic. It might also use it might use a topic. It might also use an action which is a tool at this point. an action which is a tool at this point. an action which is a tool at this point. And it or it could use knowledge or it And it or it could use knowledge or it And it or it could use knowledge or it can use any combination thereof. And can use any combination thereof. And can use any combination thereof. And then once it uses these different ones then once it uses these different ones then once it uses these different ones and gets the information it needs in the and gets the information it needs in the and gets the information it needs in the order in which it needs to do in order order in which it needs to do in order order in which it needs to do in order to get you the answer, it will then send to get you the answer, it will then send to get you the answer, it will then send it to the unified response layer. The it to the unified response layer. The it to the unified response layer. The unified response layer will give you a unified response layer will give you a unified response layer will give you a single response back, not a whole bunch single response back, not a whole bunch single response back, not a whole bunch of different responses from a whole of different responses from a whole of different responses from a whole bunch of different tools. It's going to bunch of different tools. It's going to bunch of different tools. It's going to come back and give you one unified come back and give you one unified come back and give you one unified response so that that way you get one response so that that way you get one response so that that way you get one answer back to the user with all of the answer back to the user with all of the answer back to the user with all of the different components used to be able to different components used to be able to different components used to be able to answer that question. Now, in the case answer that question. Now, in the case answer that question. Now, in the case that we have a situation where the user that we have a situation where the user that we have a situation where the user says something and the and the planner says something and the and the planner says something and the and the planner cannot figure out that there is some way cannot figure out that there is some way cannot figure out that there is some way to be able to answer the question, this to be able to answer the question, this to be able to answer the question, this is when we go to the fallback system is when we go to the fallback system is when we go to the fallback system topic and this is where you'll get a topic and this is where you'll get a topic and this is where you'll get a sorry, I didn't understand and sorry, I didn't understand and sorry, I didn't understand and eventually you can get to an escalation eventually you can get to an escalation eventually you can get to an escalation to a live agent in that case. Now, we to a live agent in that case. Now, we to a live agent in that case. Now, we could also have something where we could also have something where we could also have something where we trigger to go to a live agent when trigger to go to a live agent when trigger to go to a live agent when someone asks for it. But just know that someone asks for it. But just know that someone asks for it. But just know that there is a fallback system topic as well there is a fallback system topic as well there is a fallback system topic as well that allows us to handle when the that allows us to handle when the that allows us to handle when the planner can't solve the problem. Okay. planner can't solve the problem. Okay. planner can't solve the problem. Okay. So, now let's go into knowledge itself So, now let's go into knowledge itself So, now let's go into knowledge itself and let's peel back the layers here and and let's peel back the layers here and and let's peel back the layers here and talk about knowledge. Again, knowledge talk about knowledge. Again, knowledge talk about knowledge. Again, knowledge is this SASbased rag pattern. It's ask is this SASbased rag pattern. It's ask is this SASbased rag pattern. It's ask questions over data that I have access questions over data that I have access questions over data that I have access to or that I want to provide as the to or that I want to provide as the to or that I want to provide as the maker. We have everything from public maker. We have everything from public maker. We have everything from public website, SharePoint, Azure AI, search, website, SharePoint, Azure AI, search, website, SharePoint, Azure AI, search, data versse, Azure SQL, Dynamics 365, data versse, Azure SQL, Dynamics 365, data versse, Azure SQL, Dynamics 365, Salesforce, Service Now, Files, and many Salesforce, Service Now, Files, and many Salesforce, Service Now, Files, and many more and it's growing. You can even in more and it's growing. You can even in more and it's growing. You can even in some advanced capabilities even build some advanced capabilities even build some advanced capabilities even build your own custom knowledge and plug it your own custom knowledge and plug it your own custom knowledge and plug it in. So, Copilot Studio is super powerful in. So, Copilot Studio is super powerful in. So, Copilot Studio is super powerful here. So let's take a look and dig a here. So let's take a look and dig a here. So let's take a look and dig a little deeper on how knowledge works little deeper on how knowledge works little deeper on how knowledge works today. So let's double click into today. So let's double click into today. So let's double click into knowledge. Now when we look at knowledge. Now when we look at knowledge. Now when we look at knowledge, know that the way that this knowledge, know that the way that this knowledge, know that the way that this works is it's basically going to have to works is it's basically going to have to works is it's basically going to have to search and find an answer to a question search and find an answer to a question search and find an answer to a question that you've asked. So what's going to that you've asked. So what's going to that you've asked. So what's going to happen is a user is going to ask happen is a user is going to ask happen is a user is going to ask something and we're going to go to step something and we're going to go to step something and we're going to go to step one in this. We're going to first check one in this. We're going to first check one in this. We're going to first check to make sure that the question that to make sure that the question that to make sure that the question that you're asked is not something that we you're asked is not something that we you're asked is not something that we need to worry about what you said asked need to worry about what you said asked need to worry about what you said asked about. Are you asking to do something about. Are you asking to do something about. Are you asking to do something very nefarious like trying to build a very nefarious like trying to build a very nefarious like trying to build a bomb or something? We're not going to bomb or something? We're not going to bomb or something? We're not going to ever even send that into a an like a ever even send that into a an like a ever even send that into a an like a model to be able to answer a question model to be able to answer a question model to be able to answer a question because we're going to moderate that at because we're going to moderate that at because we're going to moderate that at the message moderation level. And this the message moderation level. And this the message moderation level. And this is configurable inside of copilot studio is configurable inside of copilot studio is configurable inside of copilot studio at the level of moderation that you want at the level of moderation that you want at the level of moderation that you want to have. So just be aware that we are to have. So just be aware that we are to have. So just be aware that we are moderating before it ever goes anywhere. moderating before it ever goes anywhere. moderating before it ever goes anywhere. Now if we go to the next stage which is Now if we go to the next stage which is Now if we go to the next stage which is query optimization stage two here. This query optimization stage two here. This query optimization stage two here. This is going to be where we are going to is going to be where we are going to is going to be where we are going to write a query. That is the best way to write a query. That is the best way to write a query. That is the best way to be able to ask a question that you are be able to ask a question that you are be able to ask a question that you are talking about. An example of this is if talking about. An example of this is if talking about. An example of this is if I'm talking about a rake that I want to I'm talking about a rake that I want to I'm talking about a rake that I want to order from the Home Depot and I say, order from the Home Depot and I say, order from the Home Depot and I say, "How long is it?" It's not going to send "How long is it?" It's not going to send "How long is it?" It's not going to send a query to the back-end system to say, a query to the back-end system to say, a query to the back-end system to say, "How long is it?" It's going to have to "How long is it?" It's going to have to "How long is it?" It's going to have to reform that query to say, "How long is reform that query to say, "How long is reform that query to say, "How long is the rake that I'm talking about?" Again, the rake that I'm talking about?" Again, the rake that I'm talking about?" Again, query optimization is looking at the query optimization is looking at the query optimization is looking at the conversational context and building the conversational context and building the conversational context and building the best query it can to be able to query best query it can to be able to query best query it can to be able to query back out to the system that we're going back out to the system that we're going back out to the system that we're going to retrieve the information from, which to retrieve the information from, which to retrieve the information from, which is where we go into stage three. Stage is where we go into stage three. Stage is where we go into stage three. Stage three is information retrieval. When we three is information retrieval. When we three is information retrieval. When we do this, a lot of people think that do this, a lot of people think that do this, a lot of people think that Copilot Studio somehow magically ingests Copilot Studio somehow magically ingests Copilot Studio somehow magically ingests your data and then from there you're your data and then from there you're your data and then from there you're going to be able to get whatever you going to be able to get whatever you going to be able to get whatever you want over it. This is not how it works. want over it. This is not how it works. want over it. This is not how it works. Information retrieval is going to use Information retrieval is going to use Information retrieval is going to use the search service that is provided for the search service that is provided for the search service that is provided for the data where it is. When you say a the data where it is. When you say a the data where it is. When you say a website, you're going to Bing to do the website, you're going to Bing to do the website, you're going to Bing to do the search. When you go to SharePoint, search. When you go to SharePoint, search. When you go to SharePoint, you're using the graph on the back end you're using the graph on the back end you're using the graph on the back end and so on. So depending on where your and so on. So depending on where your and so on. So depending on where your data is and how that data is indexed data is and how that data is indexed data is and how that data is indexed will greatly impact the information will greatly impact the information will greatly impact the information retrieval process and the quality of retrieval process and the quality of retrieval process and the quality of your response. But let's say that we go your response. But let's say that we go your response. But let's say that we go out and we ask that question out. We out and we ask that question out. We out and we ask that question out. We pull the query back from the search pull the query back from the search pull the query back from the search provider. Then we take those search provider. Then we take those search provider. Then we take those search results and we pass it into results and we pass it into results and we pass it into summarization. So now we're at stage summarization. So now we're at stage summarization. So now we're at stage four. This is where the actual large four. This is where the actual large four. This is where the actual large language model plugs in. And this is language model plugs in. And this is language model plugs in. And this is where you will go and hand over the where you will go and hand over the where you will go and hand over the search results and be able to say here search results and be able to say here search results and be able to say here is the information that I need for you is the information that I need for you is the information that I need for you to summarize summarize the question and to summarize summarize the question and to summarize summarize the question and here's the query and all of the things here's the query and all of the things here's the query and all of the things about what it is that we're actually about what it is that we're actually about what it is that we're actually trying to get answered with the context trying to get answered with the context trying to get answered with the context of the conversation. Now in this of of the conversation. Now in this of of the conversation. Now in this of course there are guard rails here. There course there are guard rails here. There course there are guard rails here. There are responsible AI things that Microsoft are responsible AI things that Microsoft are responsible AI things that Microsoft does and provides right out of the box does and provides right out of the box does and provides right out of the box for you so that you don't have to worry for you so that you don't have to worry for you so that you don't have to worry about those guardrails yourself and it about those guardrails yourself and it about those guardrails yourself and it will take those guard rails and it will will take those guard rails and it will will take those guard rails and it will apply them and it will make sure that it apply them and it will make sure that it apply them and it will make sure that it gives you a summaryized answer assuming gives you a summaryized answer assuming gives you a summaryized answer assuming that you're not asking something that you're not asking something that you're not asking something nefarious. Now once we go past that nefarious. Now once we go past that nefarious. Now once we go past that we're going to move into the next stage we're going to move into the next stage we're going to move into the next stage and in the next stage which is stage and in the next stage which is stage and in the next stage which is stage five is providence validation. five is providence validation. five is providence validation. Providence validation is where we go Providence validation is where we go Providence validation is where we go validate to make sure that what you're validate to make sure that what you're validate to make sure that what you're asking came from the data that you asked asking came from the data that you asked asking came from the data that you asked or what it was grounded in. This is or what it was grounded in. This is or what it was grounded in. This is where citations are created and make where citations are created and make where citations are created and make sure that those are available. Now after sure that those are available. Now after sure that those are available. Now after that's done, we move into summary that's done, we move into summary that's done, we move into summary moderation and that's stage six. Stage moderation and that's stage six. Stage moderation and that's stage six. Stage six, summary moderation six, summary moderation six, summary moderation allows us to be able to go check the allows us to be able to go check the allows us to be able to go check the response that came back from the model response that came back from the model response that came back from the model again to make sure that there's nothing again to make sure that there's nothing again to make sure that there's nothing that it's doing that it shouldn't be that it's doing that it shouldn't be that it's doing that it shouldn't be saying back to to the user just to make saying back to to the user just to make saying back to to the user just to make sure that everything's good. Even though sure that everything's good. Even though sure that everything's good. Even though we do trust that we had a good response we do trust that we had a good response we do trust that we had a good response from our model and we had the from our model and we had the from our model and we had the guardrails, we're double-checking it guardrails, we're double-checking it guardrails, we're double-checking it again just to make sure. And then once again just to make sure. And then once again just to make sure. And then once we get past that, we move into stage we get past that, we move into stage we get past that, we move into stage seven. And stage seven is where we seven. And stage seven is where we seven. And stage seven is where we return the response back to the user and return the response back to the user and return the response back to the user and log all of this information in the back log all of this information in the back log all of this information in the back end. Okay. So now let's talk about end. Okay. So now let's talk about end. Okay. So now let's talk about tools. tools are going to be the tools. tools are going to be the tools. tools are going to be the capability for you to be able to bring capability for you to be able to bring capability for you to be able to bring in your APIs or your more advanced in your APIs or your more advanced in your APIs or your more advanced things where you want to be able to do things where you want to be able to do things where you want to be able to do stuff where it's not just a rag pattern stuff where it's not just a rag pattern stuff where it's not just a rag pattern or something of that nature. So, this is or something of that nature. So, this is or something of that nature. So, this is where APIs come in. This is where custom where APIs come in. This is where custom where APIs come in. This is where custom prompts come in. uh being able to prompts come in. uh being able to prompts come in. uh being able to connect to MCP servers. Again, in connect to MCP servers. Again, in connect to MCP servers. Again, in currently the different types of tools currently the different types of tools currently the different types of tools that are supported in Copilot Studio is that are supported in Copilot Studio is that are supported in Copilot Studio is we support a prompt which is your think we support a prompt which is your think we support a prompt which is your think of it as just a model that you can call of it as just a model that you can call of it as just a model that you can call and provide instruction sets and be able and provide instruction sets and be able and provide instruction sets and be able to do whatever you want with a prompt. to do whatever you want with a prompt. to do whatever you want with a prompt. Uh and of course those prompts can have Uh and of course those prompts can have Uh and of course those prompts can have be uh different models across the board. be uh different models across the board. be uh different models across the board. If you want to use llama, you want to If you want to use llama, you want to If you want to use llama, you want to use 54, whatever you want to use, we'll use 54, whatever you want to use, we'll use 54, whatever you want to use, we'll be able to support that inside of be able to support that inside of be able to support that inside of prompts. You then go into flows. Flows prompts. You then go into flows. Flows prompts. You then go into flows. Flows are going to be business process are going to be business process are going to be business process automations built inside of Power automations built inside of Power automations built inside of Power Automate and allow you to be able to Automate and allow you to be able to Automate and allow you to be able to take those business processes. All of take those business processes. All of take those business processes. All of these things have inputs and outputs. So these things have inputs and outputs. So these things have inputs and outputs. So you can explain here's what you need to you can explain here's what you need to you can explain here's what you need to provide and here's what you'll get in provide and here's what you'll get in provide and here's what you'll get in return. When we talk about computer use, return. When we talk about computer use, return. When we talk about computer use, computer use is going to be the concept computer use is going to be the concept computer use is going to be the concept of being able to have an application of being able to have an application of being able to have an application that maybe doesn't have an API, but you that maybe doesn't have an API, but you that maybe doesn't have an API, but you want a virtual machine in the cloud to want a virtual machine in the cloud to want a virtual machine in the cloud to follow through and basically click follow through and basically click follow through and basically click through the UI and do the different through the UI and do the different through the UI and do the different things that you need it to do. And things that you need it to do. And things that you need it to do. And computer use is very effective. I'll do computer use is very effective. I'll do computer use is very effective. I'll do a dedicated uh video on computer use, a dedicated uh video on computer use, a dedicated uh video on computer use, but we won't go into as much detail in but we won't go into as much detail in but we won't go into as much detail in this video because it is in preview. this video because it is in preview. this video because it is in preview. Then we have custom connectors. These Then we have custom connectors. These Then we have custom connectors. These are the APIs that you want to be able to are the APIs that you want to be able to are the APIs that you want to be able to connect to. And custom connectors, there connect to. And custom connectors, there connect to. And custom connectors, there are over 1,500 custom connectors are over 1,500 custom connectors are over 1,500 custom connectors available to you today that are just out available to you today that are just out available to you today that are just out of the box that you can use. And then of the box that you can use. And then of the box that you can use. And then you have the ones where you can build you have the ones where you can build you have the ones where you can build your own as a custom connector. So these your own as a custom connector. So these your own as a custom connector. So these are Power Platform connectors that are are Power Platform connectors that are are Power Platform connectors that are available to you to use. REST APIs is available to you to use. REST APIs is available to you to use. REST APIs is basically what you would expect. It's basically what you would expect. It's basically what you would expect. It's just basically a way to be able to just basically a way to be able to just basically a way to be able to integrate integrate integrate with your existing RESTful APIs. So if with your existing RESTful APIs. So if with your existing RESTful APIs. So if you have a REST API, you can bring that you have a REST API, you can bring that you have a REST API, you can bring that to Copilot Studio and we can use it as a to Copilot Studio and we can use it as a to Copilot Studio and we can use it as a tool. And then the last one is model tool. And then the last one is model tool. And then the last one is model context protocol, otherwise known as context protocol, otherwise known as context protocol, otherwise known as MCP. And this is where we can hook into MCP. And this is where we can hook into MCP. And this is where we can hook into model context protocol servers or MCP model context protocol servers or MCP model context protocol servers or MCP servers that so that you can integrate servers that so that you can integrate servers that so that you can integrate those in as well into copilot studio. those in as well into copilot studio. those in as well into copilot studio. So now let's talk about topics in a So now let's talk about topics in a So now let's talk about topics in a little more detail. So when we look at little more detail. So when we look at little more detail. So when we look at topics, we can see here that we've got topics, we can see here that we've got topics, we can see here that we've got different triggers that you can use. So different triggers that you can use. So different triggers that you can use. So a trigger in a topic is basically the a trigger in a topic is basically the a trigger in a topic is basically the thing that makes it engage. So if you thing that makes it engage. So if you thing that makes it engage. So if you want to uh make a topic fire, you have want to uh make a topic fire, you have want to uh make a topic fire, you have to have a trigger. And there are a lot to have a trigger. And there are a lot to have a trigger. And there are a lot of different triggers beyond just what a of different triggers beyond just what a of different triggers beyond just what a user says because again, this is super user says because again, this is super user says because again, this is super advanced mode, guys. It allows you to be advanced mode, guys. It allows you to be advanced mode, guys. It allows you to be able to say when the agent chooses by is able to say when the agent chooses by is able to say when the agent chooses by is by default and that's going to be where by default and that's going to be where by default and that's going to be where you can give it a description of when it you can give it a description of when it you can give it a description of when it should be used. But we also have other should be used. But we also have other should be used. But we also have other things like uh when it's direct things like uh when it's direct things like uh when it's direct redirected to. So maybe I want to build redirected to. So maybe I want to build redirected to. So maybe I want to build a topic that I can just reuse over and a topic that I can just reuse over and a topic that I can just reuse over and over again. Never will it ever fire over again. Never will it ever fire over again. Never will it ever fire unless another topic calls it. It's also unless another topic calls it. It's also unless another topic calls it. It's also a place where we can intercept things a place where we can intercept things a place where we can intercept things and do things like a middleware. And and do things like a middleware. And and do things like a middleware. And what I mean by that is imagine if I what I mean by that is imagine if I what I mean by that is imagine if I wanted to hook uh a process to say wanted to hook uh a process to say wanted to hook uh a process to say remember how I said there was a response remember how I said there was a response remember how I said there was a response generator that this central unified generator that this central unified generator that this central unified response that's going to get created. response that's going to get created. response that's going to get created. What if I wanted to say that I wanted to What if I wanted to say that I wanted to What if I wanted to say that I wanted to evaluate that response to see if there evaluate that response to see if there evaluate that response to see if there were personal identifiable information were personal identifiable information were personal identifiable information in that response before it is sent? If I in that response before it is sent? If I in that response before it is sent? If I wanted to do that, there is a way and a wanted to do that, there is a way and a wanted to do that, there is a way and a trigger that will allow us to be able to trigger that will allow us to be able to trigger that will allow us to be able to grab and hook it there and be able to grab and hook it there and be able to grab and hook it there and be able to run a process every time after we run a process every time after we run a process every time after we generate a response. So again, really generate a response. So again, really generate a response. So again, really powerful when it comes to triggers. Now, powerful when it comes to triggers. Now, powerful when it comes to triggers. Now, with nodes, we're going to have all of with nodes, we're going to have all of with nodes, we're going to have all of these different types of nodes that are these different types of nodes that are these different types of nodes that are available. You can see kind of a list of available. You can see kind of a list of available. You can see kind of a list of them on the bottom right of the screen them on the bottom right of the screen them on the bottom right of the screen here. But just know that there are all here. But just know that there are all here. But just know that there are all kinds of different nodes that are kinds of different nodes that are kinds of different nodes that are available so that you can then say this available so that you can then say this available so that you can then say this is what you should do once you are is what you should do once you are is what you should do once you are triggered. This is where we get full triggered. This is where we get full triggered. This is where we get full control of the customization. we are in control of the customization. we are in control of the customization. we are in complete control of how everything is complete control of how everything is complete control of how everything is going to work inside a copilot studio going to work inside a copilot studio going to work inside a copilot studio and we can do it in a very controlled and we can do it in a very controlled and we can do it in a very controlled manner so that that way we know exactly manner so that that way we know exactly manner so that that way we know exactly what's going to happen whenever we what's going to happen whenever we what's going to happen whenever we engage this particular topic. So now engage this particular topic. So now engage this particular topic. So now that we've talked a lot about all these that we've talked a lot about all these that we've talked a lot about all these different things, let's go take a look different things, let's go take a look different things, let's go take a look at them inside of Copilot Studio. Let's at them inside of Copilot Studio. Let's at them inside of Copilot Studio. Let's go ahead and start by looking at the go ahead and start by looking at the go ahead and start by looking at the creation uh process, knowledge, tools, creation uh process, knowledge, tools, creation uh process, knowledge, tools, topics, and how all of this is topics, and how all of this is topics, and how all of this is orchestrated. Okay, so now we're inside of Copilot Okay, so now we're inside of Copilot Okay, so now we're inside of Copilot Studio, and let's take a look at how we Studio, and let's take a look at how we Studio, and let's take a look at how we could potentially create a new agent. could potentially create a new agent. could potentially create a new agent. And it's a very simple process for us to And it's a very simple process for us to And it's a very simple process for us to be able to go and do this. And what be able to go and do this. And what be able to go and do this. And what we'll do is I'm going to show you that we'll do is I'm going to show you that we'll do is I'm going to show you that one is we can just enter the information one is we can just enter the information one is we can just enter the information right here. Notice that you have right here. Notice that you have right here. Notice that you have advanced settings where you can come in advanced settings where you can come in advanced settings where you can come in and change the language and things like and change the language and things like and change the language and things like that. So just be aware if you need to that. So just be aware if you need to that. So just be aware if you need to change that or the schema name, things change that or the schema name, things change that or the schema name, things of that nature or the solution you want of that nature or the solution you want of that nature or the solution you want it to go into, you can do that here. But it to go into, you can do that here. But it to go into, you can do that here. But also know that if you go over into also know that if you go over into also know that if you go over into agents, you have an opportunity to agents, you have an opportunity to agents, you have an opportunity to create one here. You can do it here. You create one here. You can do it here. You create one here. You can do it here. You can even have an advanced create. And can even have an advanced create. And can even have an advanced create. And this is just going to create a this is just going to create a this is just going to create a completely blank one. But what we're completely blank one. But what we're completely blank one. But what we're going to do is go back to the home going to do is go back to the home going to do is go back to the home screen and we're just going to paste in screen and we're just going to paste in screen and we're just going to paste in that we'd like to be able to build an that we'd like to be able to build an that we'd like to be able to build an agent that helps us with how to use agent that helps us with how to use agent that helps us with how to use Copilot Studio cuz why not? And what Copilot Studio cuz why not? And what Copilot Studio cuz why not? And what you're going to see is there's this new you're going to see is there's this new you're going to see is there's this new improved creation experience that improved creation experience that improved creation experience that actually was built by a Copilot Studio actually was built by a Copilot Studio actually was built by a Copilot Studio team to be able to make it where it will team to be able to make it where it will team to be able to make it where it will go out and just that simply go build go out and just that simply go build go out and just that simply go build your agent for you. Now, what you're your agent for you. Now, what you're your agent for you. Now, what you're going to notice is that it's going to going to notice is that it's going to going to notice is that it's going to say things like the feature isn't say things like the feature isn't say things like the feature isn't available until your agents finished available until your agents finished available until your agents finished setting up. And it'll take a second for setting up. And it'll take a second for setting up. And it'll take a second for it to go and provision all the different it to go and provision all the different it to go and provision all the different pieces that are needing to be pieces that are needing to be pieces that are needing to be provisioned. Again, this is a SASbased provisioned. Again, this is a SASbased provisioned. Again, this is a SASbased platform, so it's going to have to build platform, so it's going to have to build platform, so it's going to have to build all of these different pieces and set it all of these different pieces and set it all of these different pieces and set it up for you. Now, once it's done, you'll up for you. Now, once it's done, you'll up for you. Now, once it's done, you'll get this agent has been provisioned get this agent has been provisioned get this agent has been provisioned message up here on the screen. And we'll message up here on the screen. And we'll message up here on the screen. And we'll just dismiss that. And let's take a look just dismiss that. And let's take a look just dismiss that. And let's take a look at what we get. Well, right out of the p at what we get. Well, right out of the p at what we get. Well, right out of the p right out of this, it's already said, right out of this, it's already said, right out of this, it's already said, "Oh, well, we're going to get a Copilot "Oh, well, we're going to get a Copilot "Oh, well, we're going to get a Copilot Studio guide." Notice that you can edit Studio guide." Notice that you can edit Studio guide." Notice that you can edit any of these different things, including any of these different things, including any of these different things, including the description. But notice that it's the description. But notice that it's the description. But notice that it's even got instructions down here that even got instructions down here that even got instructions down here that have been built to help explain what have been built to help explain what have been built to help explain what your agent is going to do. Now, if you your agent is going to do. Now, if you your agent is going to do. Now, if you start with a blank agent, of course, you start with a blank agent, of course, you start with a blank agent, of course, you won't get any of these different things. won't get any of these different things. won't get any of these different things. The other thing that you'll notice is The other thing that you'll notice is The other thing that you'll notice is that you can decide which model you want that you can decide which model you want that you can decide which model you want to use. And you can see there's a bunch to use. And you can see there's a bunch to use. And you can see there's a bunch of different models that are available. of different models that are available. of different models that are available. Now, beyond that, what I want to be able Now, beyond that, what I want to be able Now, beyond that, what I want to be able to do is I want to take a look at an to do is I want to take a look at an to do is I want to take a look at an example of what this can do right out of example of what this can do right out of example of what this can do right out of the box. Because what we'll be able to the box. Because what we'll be able to the box. Because what we'll be able to do here is let's just go ahead and add do here is let's just go ahead and add do here is let's just go ahead and add some knowledge. So, let's go ahead and some knowledge. So, let's go ahead and some knowledge. So, let's go ahead and add from a knowledge standpoint. Let's add from a knowledge standpoint. Let's add from a knowledge standpoint. Let's just do a public website and let's just just do a public website and let's just just do a public website and let's just add in learn.microsoft.com add in learn.microsoft.com add in learn.microsoft.com and we'll go ahead and add that to an and we'll go ahead and add that to an and we'll go ahead and add that to an agent. So now once we've done that we agent. So now once we've done that we agent. So now once we've done that we now have grounded the data of the agent now have grounded the data of the agent now have grounded the data of the agent onto copilot using copilot studio we've onto copilot using copilot studio we've onto copilot using copilot studio we've said the knowledge we want to use isle said the knowledge we want to use isle said the knowledge we want to use isle learn.microsoft.com learn.microsoft.com learn.microsoft.com now with us doing that I can now come in now with us doing that I can now come in now with us doing that I can now come in and I can ask questions and I'll show and I can ask questions and I'll show and I can ask questions and I'll show you here that we'll be able to ask this you here that we'll be able to ask this you here that we'll be able to ask this question how do I begin using copilot question how do I begin using copilot question how do I begin using copilot studio and because of the fact that studio and because of the fact that studio and because of the fact that we've included learn into this you'll we've included learn into this you'll we've included learn into this you'll see it'll go pull information from learn see it'll go pull information from learn see it'll go pull information from learn and actually answer this question in and actually answer this question in and actually answer this question in conjunction with some citations here conjunction with some citations here conjunction with some citations here that will allow us to be able to do that will allow us to be able to do that will allow us to be able to do this. Now, one of the things a lot of this. Now, one of the things a lot of this. Now, one of the things a lot of people want to do whenever they're using people want to do whenever they're using people want to do whenever they're using Copilot Studio is they want to make it Copilot Studio is they want to make it Copilot Studio is they want to make it not hallucinate so much. So, the way to not hallucinate so much. So, the way to not hallucinate so much. So, the way to go about getting out of that is we go go about getting out of that is we go go about getting out of that is we go into settings and we can scroll down into settings and we can scroll down into settings and we can scroll down inside of our settings and you'll see inside of our settings and you'll see inside of our settings and you'll see here use general knowledge and use here use general knowledge and use here use general knowledge and use information from the web. So by coming information from the web. So by coming information from the web. So by coming in and turning these things off, you're in and turning these things off, you're in and turning these things off, you're going to have it where it's not going to going to have it where it's not going to going to have it where it's not going to use anything except for what you've use anything except for what you've use anything except for what you've actually provided it. So that way we can actually provided it. So that way we can actually provided it. So that way we can make sure that it won't answer questions make sure that it won't answer questions make sure that it won't answer questions about how tall the Empire State Building about how tall the Empire State Building about how tall the Empire State Building and things like that are, but it will be and things like that are, but it will be and things like that are, but it will be able to go and answer other questions able to go and answer other questions able to go and answer other questions for us and be able to be grounded only for us and be able to be grounded only for us and be able to be grounded only in the data that we want. So, now that in the data that we want. So, now that in the data that we want. So, now that we've done that, what we're going to do we've done that, what we're going to do we've done that, what we're going to do is we're going to come back in and I'm is we're going to come back in and I'm is we're going to come back in and I'm going to show you a different thing that going to show you a different thing that going to show you a different thing that we can do with knowledge. So, what I'm we can do with knowledge. So, what I'm we can do with knowledge. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to say I want going to do is I'm going to say I want going to do is I'm going to say I want to add knowledge. And maybe what I want to add knowledge. And maybe what I want to add knowledge. And maybe what I want to do is select a file. And when I do to do is select a file. And when I do to do is select a file. And when I do that, let's go over to my downloads here that, let's go over to my downloads here that, let's go over to my downloads here and go into some files I've got. What and go into some files I've got. What and go into some files I've got. What about the licensing guide? So, let's let about the licensing guide? So, let's let about the licensing guide? So, let's let it answer licensing questions for Copot it answer licensing questions for Copot it answer licensing questions for Copot Studio. And by going in and actually Studio. And by going in and actually Studio. And by going in and actually adding this file in, we're uploading it adding this file in, we're uploading it adding this file in, we're uploading it to data versse which is going to index to data versse which is going to index to data versse which is going to index it and take care of uh all the different it and take care of uh all the different it and take care of uh all the different aspects of making it where it can be aspects of making it where it can be aspects of making it where it can be chunked and indexed so that we can do a chunked and indexed so that we can do a chunked and indexed so that we can do a actual search over this particular file. actual search over this particular file. actual search over this particular file. And what you'll find is that this is why And what you'll find is that this is why And what you'll find is that this is why you'll see this go into an inrogress you'll see this go into an inrogress you'll see this go into an inrogress state. Now, once the in progress is state. Now, once the in progress is state. Now, once the in progress is complete, it means that your that your complete, it means that your that your complete, it means that your that your file has actually been indexed. So, file has actually been indexed. So, file has actually been indexed. So, let's let this complete really quick. And now that my file is actually And now that my file is actually And now that my file is actually indexed, you'll see that it has moved to indexed, you'll see that it has moved to indexed, you'll see that it has moved to a status of ready. Now, once it's at the a status of ready. Now, once it's at the a status of ready. Now, once it's at the status of ready, I'm able to go back in status of ready, I'm able to go back in status of ready, I'm able to go back in and I can ask questions about the and I can ask questions about the and I can ask questions about the licensing model of Copilot Studio. And licensing model of Copilot Studio. And licensing model of Copilot Studio. And you're going to see that it can go in you're going to see that it can go in you're going to see that it can go in and it can actually use the licensing and it can actually use the licensing and it can actually use the licensing guide as a mechanism to be able to go guide as a mechanism to be able to go guide as a mechanism to be able to go answer the question about how you might answer the question about how you might answer the question about how you might want to license C-pilot Studio and it'll want to license C-pilot Studio and it'll want to license C-pilot Studio and it'll even give you the citations within the even give you the citations within the even give you the citations within the document. Now, all of this is great. document. Now, all of this is great. document. Now, all of this is great. Now, I've made it where we can ask Now, I've made it where we can ask Now, I've made it where we can ask questions about Copilot Studio and we questions about Copilot Studio and we questions about Copilot Studio and we can go through and check on the can go through and check on the can go through and check on the licensing and how to do that. And you licensing and how to do that. And you licensing and how to do that. And you can see I built that really, really can see I built that really, really can see I built that really, really quick. But this is all what we would quick. But this is all what we would quick. But this is all what we would refer to as rag patterns, right? So this refer to as rag patterns, right? So this refer to as rag patterns, right? So this is that retrieval agent that we were is that retrieval agent that we were is that retrieval agent that we were discussing earlier functionality. But discussing earlier functionality. But discussing earlier functionality. But what if I want to do something a little what if I want to do something a little what if I want to do something a little more complicated? I want to start more complicated? I want to start more complicated? I want to start actually doing things and doing things actually doing things and doing things actually doing things and doing things with tools. So let's take a look at what with tools. So let's take a look at what with tools. So let's take a look at what we can do with different tools. So I'll we can do with different tools. So I'll we can do with different tools. So I'll go ahead and clear out that test chat go ahead and clear out that test chat go ahead and clear out that test chat and we'll come back up and let's start and we'll come back up and let's start and we'll come back up and let's start playing with tools. Now, the first thing playing with tools. Now, the first thing playing with tools. Now, the first thing is is know that you can see all your is is know that you can see all your is is know that you can see all your different tools by coming down and different tools by coming down and different tools by coming down and seeing them here, but know that this seeing them here, but know that this seeing them here, but know that this will just be a subset. And you can see will just be a subset. And you can see will just be a subset. And you can see here like there's a see all button and here like there's a see all button and here like there's a see all button and such. So, after you kind of add enough such. So, after you kind of add enough such. So, after you kind of add enough tools, you eventually will want to tools, you eventually will want to tools, you eventually will want to navigate to the tools page. And you can navigate to the tools page. And you can navigate to the tools page. And you can do it from either or. We'll just go do it from either or. We'll just go do it from either or. We'll just go ahead and add a new tool here. Now, once ahead and add a new tool here. Now, once ahead and add a new tool here. Now, once we want to say that we want to create a we want to say that we want to create a we want to say that we want to create a tool, the first thing I'm going to do is tool, the first thing I'm going to do is tool, the first thing I'm going to do is show you how to make a really simple show you how to make a really simple show you how to make a really simple tool that is built over the top of a tool that is built over the top of a tool that is built over the top of a connector. And by doing this, we're connector. And by doing this, we're connector. And by doing this, we're going to be able to make it where we can going to be able to make it where we can going to be able to make it where we can have a conversation with an API. So, have a conversation with an API. So, have a conversation with an API. So, let's go ahead and choose the weather let's go ahead and choose the weather let's go ahead and choose the weather connector. And you'll see right here we've got the And you'll see right here we've got the And you'll see right here we've got the get current weather from MSN. And the get current weather from MSN. And the get current weather from MSN. And the beauty of this particular one is that I beauty of this particular one is that I beauty of this particular one is that I don't really have to authenticate to it. don't really have to authenticate to it. don't really have to authenticate to it. So I don't have to really build a So I don't have to really build a So I don't have to really build a connection. And I'm going to just go connection. And I'm going to just go connection. And I'm going to just go ahead and say add and configure. Now ahead and say add and configure. Now ahead and say add and configure. Now once I go in and add and configure it, once I go in and add and configure it, once I go in and add and configure it, I'm going to be able to modify how I I'm going to be able to modify how I I'm going to be able to modify how I want to interact with this particular uh want to interact with this particular uh want to interact with this particular uh weather API. And what I want you guys to weather API. And what I want you guys to weather API. And what I want you guys to see is a couple of different things. We see is a couple of different things. We see is a couple of different things. We can actually see the information about can actually see the information about can actually see the information about the weather or the why this particular the weather or the why this particular the weather or the why this particular tool would be used. So you can see here tool would be used. So you can see here tool would be used. So you can see here that the description says that it is to that the description says that it is to that the description says that it is to get the answer about the current weather get the answer about the current weather get the answer about the current weather in a location. And by providing this in a location. And by providing this in a location. And by providing this information in the description, it information in the description, it information in the description, it allows the orchestrator to know when to allows the orchestrator to know when to allows the orchestrator to know when to actually use this tool. Now the other actually use this tool. Now the other actually use this tool. Now the other thing is is that we can go into thing is is that we can go into thing is is that we can go into additional details and we can change additional details and we can change additional details and we can change this from enduser credentials to maker this from enduser credentials to maker this from enduser credentials to maker provided credentials. Now by doing that provided credentials. Now by doing that provided credentials. Now by doing that we're not going to make it create a we're not going to make it create a we're not going to make it create a connection and authenticate the user. connection and authenticate the user. connection and authenticate the user. And since this is an anonymous API, it's And since this is an anonymous API, it's And since this is an anonymous API, it's a good chance that I would just want to a good chance that I would just want to a good chance that I would just want to be able to just have the anonymous API be able to just have the anonymous API be able to just have the anonymous API connection that was created by the connection that was created by the connection that was created by the maker. So this is a good thing to go maker. So this is a good thing to go maker. So this is a good thing to go ahead and set. Now, if we go in and we ahead and set. Now, if we go in and we ahead and set. Now, if we go in and we take a look at the location and the take a look at the location and the take a look at the location and the units as the input, you're going to see units as the input, you're going to see units as the input, you're going to see this dynamically fill with AI, and this dynamically fill with AI, and this dynamically fill with AI, and you'll see for the location, if I click you'll see for the location, if I click you'll see for the location, if I click customize, you're going to see here that customize, you're going to see here that customize, you're going to see here that this is the information that it's this is the information that it's this is the information that it's looking for as an input for this looking for as an input for this looking for as an input for this particular API. And what it's going to particular API. And what it's going to particular API. And what it's going to do is it's going to automatically ask a do is it's going to automatically ask a do is it's going to automatically ask a question to be able to get this question to be able to get this question to be able to get this information if you don't provide it as information if you don't provide it as information if you don't provide it as part of the query. So in my case, I'm part of the query. So in my case, I'm part of the query. So in my case, I'm going to leave this where it fills it in going to leave this where it fills it in going to leave this where it fills it in with dynamically with AI. But let's talk with dynamically with AI. But let's talk with dynamically with AI. But let's talk about units. Well, units is going to be about units. Well, units is going to be about units. Well, units is going to be like whether it's imperial or metric. like whether it's imperial or metric. like whether it's imperial or metric. And in this case, I don't want it to ask And in this case, I don't want it to ask And in this case, I don't want it to ask me that question every time. And because me that question every time. And because me that question every time. And because I'm in the US, I'm going to choose I'm in the US, I'm going to choose I'm in the US, I'm going to choose Imperial as the actual uh selection for Imperial as the actual uh selection for Imperial as the actual uh selection for this because I always want it to be able this because I always want it to be able this because I always want it to be able to come back in Imperial. Now, if we go to come back in Imperial. Now, if we go to come back in Imperial. Now, if we go down to completion, this is what the down to completion, this is what the down to completion, this is what the response from the API is going to response from the API is going to response from the API is going to return. If we click advanced, you're return. If we click advanced, you're return. If we click advanced, you're going to see here there's all this going to see here there's all this going to see here there's all this different information that's coming back different information that's coming back different information that's coming back from this API. And if we choose from this API. And if we choose from this API. And if we choose pressure, for example, and we expand it, pressure, for example, and we expand it, pressure, for example, and we expand it, you're going to see that this is the you're going to see that this is the you're going to see that this is the atmospheric pressure. And so the AI will atmospheric pressure. And so the AI will atmospheric pressure. And so the AI will know that that's what information is know that that's what information is know that that's what information is being provided back from the API that being provided back from the API that being provided back from the API that you're calling for the weather. Now, you're calling for the weather. Now, you're calling for the weather. Now, with all this, I'm going to go ahead and with all this, I'm going to go ahead and with all this, I'm going to go ahead and hit save. And once I've saved this, I'll hit save. And once I've saved this, I'll hit save. And once I've saved this, I'll be able to come in and ask a question to be able to come in and ask a question to be able to come in and ask a question to this particular uh agent about this, and this particular uh agent about this, and this particular uh agent about this, and we'll watch it work. So, what I'll do is we'll watch it work. So, what I'll do is we'll watch it work. So, what I'll do is I'll just ask the question, what is the I'll just ask the question, what is the I'll just ask the question, what is the weather? I won't provide the location. weather? I won't provide the location. weather? I won't provide the location. And what you're going to see is that And what you're going to see is that And what you're going to see is that it's seeing that their location wasn't it's seeing that their location wasn't it's seeing that their location wasn't provided. Now, you can see in the units provided. Now, you can see in the units provided. Now, you can see in the units that there's an I for Imperial. So, it's that there's an I for Imperial. So, it's that there's an I for Imperial. So, it's already got that information. And so, already got that information. And so, already got that information. And so, now I just need to provide it the now I just need to provide it the now I just need to provide it the location. And as soon as I do that, and location. And as soon as I do that, and location. And as soon as I do that, and you can see it even generated the you can see it even generated the you can see it even generated the question asking me where I wanted the question asking me where I wanted the question asking me where I wanted the what the location was that I'm looking what the location was that I'm looking what the location was that I'm looking for. I can come back and say Orlando. for. I can come back and say Orlando. for. I can come back and say Orlando. You're going to see it fill in Orlando. You're going to see it fill in Orlando. You're going to see it fill in Orlando. And here you go. All the information And here you go. All the information And here you go. All the information coming back from the API. And then coming back from the API. And then coming back from the API. And then you're going to see back over here with you're going to see back over here with you're going to see back over here with the response that it answered this and the response that it answered this and the response that it answered this and got the information and gave me an got the information and gave me an got the information and gave me an overview of the actual information. Now overview of the actual information. Now overview of the actual information. Now again remember we said that there was again remember we said that there was again remember we said that there was pressure was something that we were pressure was something that we were pressure was something that we were looking for or we were talking about and looking for or we were talking about and looking for or we were talking about and you can see that it actually returned you can see that it actually returned you can see that it actually returned this. So if I actually said back to it, this. So if I actually said back to it, this. So if I actually said back to it, what is the u the atmospheric pressure? pressure? pressure? It's going to come back and it's going It's going to come back and it's going It's going to come back and it's going to look at this and it's going to answer to look at this and it's going to answer to look at this and it's going to answer this question back because it this question back because it this question back because it understands that we're talking about in understands that we're talking about in understands that we're talking about in Orlando. And so again, this is one of Orlando. And so again, this is one of Orlando. And so again, this is one of those values of being able to have an those values of being able to have an those values of being able to have an API where we can go back and forth with API where we can go back and forth with API where we can go back and forth with this API and talk to it like it's a this API and talk to it like it's a this API and talk to it like it's a human. And you'll see the format of the human. And you'll see the format of the human. And you'll see the format of the response of the return values will be response of the return values will be response of the return values will be provided back and just summarized to provided back and just summarized to provided back and just summarized to answer the question that you asked. Now, answer the question that you asked. Now, answer the question that you asked. Now, this is a pretty simple connector. And this is a pretty simple connector. And this is a pretty simple connector. And so let's take a look at something where so let's take a look at something where so let's take a look at something where we're going to do a different kind of we're going to do a different kind of we're going to do a different kind of tool that's maybe not built off of a tool that's maybe not built off of a tool that's maybe not built off of a connector. Let's do one that's built off connector. Let's do one that's built off connector. Let's do one that's built off of a prompt. So, let's go back over into of a prompt. So, let's go back over into of a prompt. So, let's go back over into tools and let's just say that we want to tools and let's just say that we want to tools and let's just say that we want to add a tool. And then let's say new tool. add a tool. And then let's say new tool. add a tool. And then let's say new tool. And when we go in and say we want to add And when we go in and say we want to add And when we go in and say we want to add a new tool, again, we've got all these a new tool, again, we've got all these a new tool, again, we've got all these different types of tools. Now, the ones different types of tools. Now, the ones different types of tools. Now, the ones we were playing with were different we were playing with were different we were playing with were different connectors. But what if we wanted to do connectors. But what if we wanted to do connectors. But what if we wanted to do one with a prompt? So, if I come in and one with a prompt? So, if I come in and one with a prompt? So, if I come in and I choose that I want to do one with a I choose that I want to do one with a I choose that I want to do one with a prompt. Notice that we now end up with prompt. Notice that we now end up with prompt. Notice that we now end up with our whole implementation of the prompt our whole implementation of the prompt our whole implementation of the prompt builder. And notice that one of the builder. And notice that one of the builder. And notice that one of the things that I can do is I can come in things that I can do is I can come in things that I can do is I can come in and give this prompt a name. So I'm and give this prompt a name. So I'm and give this prompt a name. So I'm going to say that it's a prompt analyzer going to say that it's a prompt analyzer going to say that it's a prompt analyzer because what I want to do is I want to because what I want to do is I want to because what I want to do is I want to make a prompt that will actually help me make a prompt that will actually help me make a prompt that will actually help me analyze the prompt that we're going to analyze the prompt that we're going to analyze the prompt that we're going to provide it. So, I'm just going to drop provide it. So, I'm just going to drop provide it. So, I'm just going to drop in this information here, which is in this information here, which is in this information here, which is basically a prompt that I want to build basically a prompt that I want to build basically a prompt that I want to build that says, "Hey, I'm going to give you that says, "Hey, I'm going to give you that says, "Hey, I'm going to give you something, and I want you to tell me if something, and I want you to tell me if something, and I want you to tell me if this is a good prompt." And I'm going to this is a good prompt." And I'm going to this is a good prompt." And I'm going to give it a text input. And this text give it a text input. And this text give it a text input. And this text input, I'm going to refer to this as the input, I'm going to refer to this as the input, I'm going to refer to this as the prompt that I want to analyze. So, let's prompt that I want to analyze. So, let's prompt that I want to analyze. So, let's just put that in here. And then what we just put that in here. And then what we just put that in here. And then what we want to do is give it an example of want to do is give it an example of want to do is give it an example of something. And so this is a sample data. something. And so this is a sample data. something. And so this is a sample data. So if you want to drop something in So if you want to drop something in So if you want to drop something in here, it just gives you a way to be able here, it just gives you a way to be able here, it just gives you a way to be able to test your prompt before you actually to test your prompt before you actually to test your prompt before you actually save it off. So what I'm going to do is save it off. So what I'm going to do is save it off. So what I'm going to do is save that off. And then what I want you save that off. And then what I want you save that off. And then what I want you to do is I want you to go ahead and see to do is I want you to go ahead and see to do is I want you to go ahead and see that I can choose different models that that I can choose different models that that I can choose different models that I could use in it. And you can even see I could use in it. And you can even see I could use in it. And you can even see that I can even do custom models that that I can even do custom models that that I can even do custom models that I've added from Azure AI foundry. I can I've added from Azure AI foundry. I can I've added from Azure AI foundry. I can use the managed models, anthropic use the managed models, anthropic use the managed models, anthropic models. I've got all of these at my models. I've got all of these at my models. I've got all of these at my disposal. And if I go in and I hit test, disposal. And if I go in and I hit test, disposal. And if I go in and I hit test, it's going to use that test information it's going to use that test information it's going to use that test information I provided here to be able to give me a I provided here to be able to give me a I provided here to be able to give me a response and an output. Now, by doing response and an output. Now, by doing response and an output. Now, by doing this, you can validate that you're this, you can validate that you're this, you can validate that you're getting a really good response coming getting a really good response coming getting a really good response coming back or you can switch to try a back or you can switch to try a back or you can switch to try a different model to see which one you different model to see which one you different model to see which one you like. And then once you've got the one like. And then once you've got the one like. And then once you've got the one that you want and you're very happy with that you want and you're very happy with that you want and you're very happy with it, then what you can do is you can go it, then what you can do is you can go it, then what you can do is you can go ahead and hit save. Now, once we save ahead and hit save. Now, once we save ahead and hit save. Now, once we save this off, what we're going to be able to this off, what we're going to be able to this off, what we're going to be able to do now is we're going to be able to go do now is we're going to be able to go do now is we're going to be able to go back and we're going to be able to be back and we're going to be able to be back and we're going to be able to be able to turn this into a tool. And you able to turn this into a tool. And you able to turn this into a tool. And you can see that now I need to add and can see that now I need to add and can see that now I need to add and configure it. Now, because of the fact configure it. Now, because of the fact configure it. Now, because of the fact that it's now going to be a tool, one of that it's now going to be a tool, one of that it's now going to be a tool, one of the things we need to do is make sure the things we need to do is make sure the things we need to do is make sure that the that the uh copilot studio that the that the uh copilot studio that the that the uh copilot studio orchestrator understands when to call orchestrator understands when to call orchestrator understands when to call it. And right now we just say prompt it. And right now we just say prompt it. And right now we just say prompt analyzer. So we want to give it this is analyzer. So we want to give it this is analyzer. So we want to give it this is a tool is used to analyze a prompt that a tool is used to analyze a prompt that a tool is used to analyze a prompt that a user provides. So now we've got that a user provides. So now we've got that a user provides. So now we've got that piece of information. Again I don't want piece of information. Again I don't want piece of information. Again I don't want to authenticate the user to this. I just to authenticate the user to this. I just to authenticate the user to this. I just want to be able to go and get the and want to be able to go and get the and want to be able to go and get the and call that model directly. There's no call that model directly. There's no call that model directly. There's no reason to authenticate to that reason to authenticate to that reason to authenticate to that particular model. So we're going to go particular model. So we're going to go particular model. So we're going to go ahead and do that. Then the next thing ahead and do that. Then the next thing ahead and do that. Then the next thing that we want to do is we want to go in that we want to do is we want to go in that we want to do is we want to go in and we want to change the input and we want to change the input and we want to change the input instructions. And so if you notice right instructions. And so if you notice right instructions. And so if you notice right here, we've got the prompt to analyze. here, we've got the prompt to analyze. here, we've got the prompt to analyze. I'm going to come over here to the value I'm going to come over here to the value I'm going to come over here to the value and I want to give it a description to and I want to give it a description to and I want to give it a description to say what is it that I'm actually looking say what is it that I'm actually looking say what is it that I'm actually looking to provide into this. And you're going to provide into this. And you're going to provide into this. And you're going to find that this is going to uh allow to find that this is going to uh allow to find that this is going to uh allow us to be able to ask a question and be us to be able to ask a question and be us to be able to ask a question and be able to do this. Um so able to do this. Um so able to do this. Um so now what we want to do is we want to now what we want to do is we want to now what we want to do is we want to also be able to make this tool where we also be able to make this tool where we also be able to make this tool where we can save it off. So now that we've saved can save it off. So now that we've saved can save it off. So now that we've saved it off, what's going to happen is now we it off, what's going to happen is now we it off, what's going to happen is now we have our tool that's available. Now, have our tool that's available. Now, have our tool that's available. Now, here's a little trick to the trade that here's a little trick to the trade that here's a little trick to the trade that I'm going to show you guys. And I want I'm going to show you guys. And I want I'm going to show you guys. And I want you to know that this is not necessarily you to know that this is not necessarily you to know that this is not necessarily uh required for us to do it, but I want uh required for us to do it, but I want uh required for us to do it, but I want to give you a perspective of how you can to give you a perspective of how you can to give you a perspective of how you can use Copilot Studio to make sure that you use Copilot Studio to make sure that you use Copilot Studio to make sure that you can disambiguate things. So, an example can disambiguate things. So, an example can disambiguate things. So, an example is maybe in my agent, I might want to be is maybe in my agent, I might want to be is maybe in my agent, I might want to be able to analyze a prompt, but I also able to analyze a prompt, but I also able to analyze a prompt, but I also might want to be able to use a uh use might want to be able to use a uh use might want to be able to use a uh use this particular agent to make this particular agent to make this particular agent to make suggestions on building prompts. So, I suggestions on building prompts. So, I suggestions on building prompts. So, I want to maybe give it a way to want to maybe give it a way to want to maybe give it a way to disambiguate that to understand that disambiguate that to understand that disambiguate that to understand that there's a difference between doing these there's a difference between doing these there's a difference between doing these different things. So, one of the things different things. So, one of the things different things. So, one of the things I can do is I can come in and I can edit I can do is I can come in and I can edit I can do is I can come in and I can edit the instructions for my agent here. And the instructions for my agent here. And the instructions for my agent here. And so, what I'm going to do is I'm going to so, what I'm going to do is I'm going to so, what I'm going to do is I'm going to scroll all the way to the bottom here scroll all the way to the bottom here scroll all the way to the bottom here and I'm going to add this additional and I'm going to add this additional and I'm going to add this additional line of text. Now, what I'm going to do line of text. Now, what I'm going to do line of text. Now, what I'm going to do is take out where it says use prompt is take out where it says use prompt is take out where it says use prompt analyzer. And I want to be able to use analyzer. And I want to be able to use analyzer. And I want to be able to use this forward slash. And when you do this forward slash. And when you do this forward slash. And when you do that, you're going to see that it gives that, you're going to see that it gives that, you're going to see that it gives you this menu. And I can come in here you this menu. And I can come in here you this menu. And I can come in here and I can say to it that I want to use and I can say to it that I want to use and I can say to it that I want to use this particular tool and I want to take this particular tool and I want to take this particular tool and I want to take the prompt analyzer and I want to use the prompt analyzer and I want to use the prompt analyzer and I want to use the prompt analyzer to be able to do the prompt analyzer to be able to do the prompt analyzer to be able to do this particular function. And so this this particular function. And so this this particular function. And so this way the agent understands that that's way the agent understands that that's way the agent understands that that's the reason you might want to use that the reason you might want to use that the reason you might want to use that particular tool over other things. And particular tool over other things. And particular tool over other things. And you'll see that it's added into our you'll see that it's added into our you'll see that it's added into our overall instructions now. So, if you overall instructions now. So, if you overall instructions now. So, if you ever need to nudge Copilot Studio to use ever need to nudge Copilot Studio to use ever need to nudge Copilot Studio to use a tool in a specific way or give it some a tool in a specific way or give it some a tool in a specific way or give it some additional instructions, this is a way additional instructions, this is a way additional instructions, this is a way you can do it. Now, with that, I would you can do it. Now, with that, I would you can do it. Now, with that, I would just want to show you that this is now just want to show you that this is now just want to show you that this is now working. So, we're going to go ahead and working. So, we're going to go ahead and working. So, we're going to go ahead and go over to test. I'm going to drop in go over to test. I'm going to drop in go over to test. I'm going to drop in this particular piece of information, this particular piece of information, this particular piece of information, which is just basically saying, "Hey, I which is just basically saying, "Hey, I which is just basically saying, "Hey, I need you to summarize this text for me." need you to summarize this text for me." need you to summarize this text for me." Um, Um, Um, and so what I'm going to do now is I'm going so what I'm going to do now is I'm going so what I'm going to do now is I'm going to give it make it where we can test it. to give it make it where we can test it. to give it make it where we can test it. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to And what I'm going to do is I'm going to And what I'm going to do is I'm going to come in and I'm just going to give it come in and I'm just going to give it come in and I'm just going to give it this, which is basically saying, "Hey, I this, which is basically saying, "Hey, I this, which is basically saying, "Hey, I want you to analyze this prompt to see want you to analyze this prompt to see want you to analyze this prompt to see if you can improve it and or give me if you can improve it and or give me if you can improve it and or give me suggestions on how to improve it." And suggestions on how to improve it." And suggestions on how to improve it." And you'll see here that the prompt analyzer you'll see here that the prompt analyzer you'll see here that the prompt analyzer picks this up and it's going to come in picks this up and it's going to come in picks this up and it's going to come in and it's going to pull in the the actual and it's going to pull in the the actual and it's going to pull in the the actual information and provide that in. And now information and provide that in. And now information and provide that in. And now it ran against that particular prompt it ran against that particular prompt it ran against that particular prompt that I had created and gives me back an that I had created and gives me back an that I had created and gives me back an answer to say this is how they suggest answer to say this is how they suggest answer to say this is how they suggest to be able to improve this based upon to be able to improve this based upon to be able to improve this based upon what I've provided. So again, there's a what I've provided. So again, there's a what I've provided. So again, there's a whole bunch of capability that we have whole bunch of capability that we have whole bunch of capability that we have here in being able to build our own here in being able to build our own here in being able to build our own custom tool or and specifically using a custom tool or and specifically using a custom tool or and specifically using a prompt as a custom tool. So this is prompt as a custom tool. So this is prompt as a custom tool. So this is super powerful for you to be able to super powerful for you to be able to super powerful for you to be able to build this way. Okay, so we've got build this way. Okay, so we've got build this way. Okay, so we've got another thing that we want to take a another thing that we want to take a another thing that we want to take a look at one more thing which is going to look at one more thing which is going to look at one more thing which is going to be topics. So what if we wanted to build be topics. So what if we wanted to build be topics. So what if we wanted to build something that we want to go in that something that we want to go in that something that we want to go in that advanced mode? We want to be able to advanced mode? We want to be able to advanced mode? We want to be able to really control what's going to uh be really control what's going to uh be really control what's going to uh be done whenever we call a specific action done whenever we call a specific action done whenever we call a specific action or we want to build something that's or we want to build something that's or we want to build something that's very specific. So in this case I can go very specific. So in this case I can go very specific. So in this case I can go over to topics and you can also see that over to topics and you can also see that over to topics and you can also see that topics will be down here as well where topics will be down here as well where topics will be down here as well where there are different topics and you can there are different topics and you can there are different topics and you can navigate to the same page. I'll go ahead navigate to the same page. I'll go ahead navigate to the same page. I'll go ahead and clear out our test canvas here and and clear out our test canvas here and and clear out our test canvas here and close our test pane. close our test pane. close our test pane. And then what I'm going to do is say I And then what I'm going to do is say I And then what I'm going to do is say I want to add one from a description. want to add one from a description. want to add one from a description. And the reason I'm going to do this is And the reason I'm going to do this is And the reason I'm going to do this is because Copilot Studio even has a because Copilot Studio even has a because Copilot Studio even has a co-pilot to help you build custom co-pilot to help you build custom co-pilot to help you build custom topics. And in this case, what I want to topics. And in this case, what I want to topics. And in this case, what I want to do is I want to make it where we could do is I want to make it where we could do is I want to make it where we could potentially collect information from a potentially collect information from a potentially collect information from a user to be able to go in and join the user to be able to go in and join the user to be able to go in and join the Copilot Studio mailing list. So, what I Copilot Studio mailing list. So, what I Copilot Studio mailing list. So, what I want to do is say go ahead and provide want to do is say go ahead and provide want to do is say go ahead and provide this information and say create. And this information and say create. And this information and say create. And when you get this and you run it, you're when you get this and you run it, you're when you get this and you run it, you're going to see here, and by the way, the going to see here, and by the way, the going to see here, and by the way, the allow here so that copy and paste works allow here so that copy and paste works allow here so that copy and paste works for you if you haven't uh if you're not for you if you haven't uh if you're not for you if you haven't uh if you're not aware of that. And what it did is it aware of that. And what it did is it aware of that. And what it did is it created me now this new topic that says created me now this new topic that says created me now this new topic that says join copilot studio mailing list. It join copilot studio mailing list. It join copilot studio mailing list. It gives a prompt that explains when that gives a prompt that explains when that gives a prompt that explains when that you should actually a description that you should actually a description that you should actually a description that tells you when you should actually use tells you when you should actually use tells you when you should actually use this particular tool. It also goes in this particular tool. It also goes in this particular tool. It also goes in and creates me all of this different and creates me all of this different and creates me all of this different information to be able to collect all of information to be able to collect all of information to be able to collect all of this. There's even a summarization of this. There's even a summarization of this. There's even a summarization of what all it did. And you can even click what all it did. And you can even click what all it did. And you can even click on these different things and you'll see on these different things and you'll see on these different things and you'll see it'll go to those different items. Now, it'll go to those different items. Now, it'll go to those different items. Now, you could even come in and tell it to you could even come in and tell it to you could even come in and tell it to add an additional question. You can add an additional question. You can add an additional question. You can select a specific node like this one select a specific node like this one select a specific node like this one where it says uh what is your last name? where it says uh what is your last name? where it says uh what is your last name? Uh let's use this one here where we have Uh let's use this one here where we have Uh let's use this one here where we have this particular one. U please enter your this particular one. U please enter your this particular one. U please enter your email address you'd like to join. I email address you'd like to join. I email address you'd like to join. I could say uh make this more professional could say uh make this more professional could say uh make this more professional and it will go ahead and update this and and it will go ahead and update this and and it will go ahead and update this and you'll see that it updated the you'll see that it updated the you'll see that it updated the information to be able to make it even information to be able to make it even information to be able to make it even more professional in what it says. more professional in what it says. more professional in what it says. Again, this is going to give you the Again, this is going to give you the Again, this is going to give you the ability to really modify and do the ability to really modify and do the ability to really modify and do the things that you want. And you can even things that you want. And you can even things that you want. And you can even undo what you just did so that you can undo what you just did so that you can undo what you just did so that you can go back and do and do what you needed to go back and do and do what you needed to go back and do and do what you needed to do. So once you've created it, you can do. So once you've created it, you can do. So once you've created it, you can continue to use this edit with Copilot continue to use this edit with Copilot continue to use this edit with Copilot functionality inside of Copilot Studio functionality inside of Copilot Studio functionality inside of Copilot Studio to make and improve your implementation. to make and improve your implementation. to make and improve your implementation. So again, let's go ahead and hit save on So again, let's go ahead and hit save on So again, let's go ahead and hit save on this. And then what I want to do is I want to And then what I want to do is I want to And then what I want to do is I want to show you that this now works, that we've show you that this now works, that we've show you that this now works, that we've got this saved. So what I'm going to do got this saved. So what I'm going to do got this saved. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to come in to Cop Copilot is I'm going to come in to Cop Copilot is I'm going to come in to Cop Copilot Studio and run a test. I'm going to say Studio and run a test. I'm going to say Studio and run a test. I'm going to say I want to get notified uh when there is I want to get notified uh when there is I want to get notified uh when there is news about Copilot Studio. So what it's news about Copilot Studio. So what it's news about Copilot Studio. So what it's going to do is look at what are the going to do is look at what are the going to do is look at what are the different options. It's going to say, different options. It's going to say, different options. It's going to say, well, that sounds like you probably well, that sounds like you probably well, that sounds like you probably should join the Copilot Studio mailing should join the Copilot Studio mailing should join the Copilot Studio mailing list. And it's going to come in and ask list. And it's going to come in and ask list. And it's going to come in and ask you information. And so I can be like you information. And so I can be like you information. And so I can be like Dwayne copilotstudio.com and I'm Dwayne and I'm Dwayne and I'm Dwayne at Robinson. at Robinson. at Robinson. And you can see here we just went And you can see here we just went And you can see here we just went through and now we could collected the through and now we could collected the through and now we could collected the information to be able to do this. Now, information to be able to do this. Now, information to be able to do this. Now, you would need to add in the ability and you would need to add in the ability and you would need to add in the ability and you could call Power Automate flow or you could call Power Automate flow or you could call Power Automate flow or you could do any of these other things you could do any of these other things you could do any of these other things to be able to modify it to actually to be able to modify it to actually to be able to modify it to actually write this back and join actually join write this back and join actually join write this back and join actually join the mailing list. But you can see that the mailing list. But you can see that the mailing list. But you can see that it built 90% of it for me. Now, what if it built 90% of it for me. Now, what if it built 90% of it for me. Now, what if I didn't want to build in that way? I didn't want to build in that way? I didn't want to build in that way? Maybe I want to build a custom Maybe I want to build a custom Maybe I want to build a custom implementation myself and a custom implementation myself and a custom implementation myself and a custom topic. Now, the beauty of this is that I topic. Now, the beauty of this is that I topic. Now, the beauty of this is that I can come in and say add topic from can come in and say add topic from can come in and say add topic from blank. And you can see here you you can blank. And you can see here you you can blank. And you can see here you you can give it a name over here on the on the give it a name over here on the on the give it a name over here on the on the left, but then there's all these left, but then there's all these left, but then there's all these different triggers that we have. And a different triggers that we have. And a different triggers that we have. And a lot of people don't know that you can lot of people don't know that you can lot of people don't know that you can hover over this and you can see all hover over this and you can see all hover over this and you can see all these different triggers that are these different triggers that are these different triggers that are available. So it's not just if someone available. So it's not just if someone available. So it's not just if someone says something, you can say when a says something, you can say when a says something, you can say when a specific event happens or when a plan specific event happens or when a plan specific event happens or when a plan completes or whenever something's completes or whenever something's completes or whenever something's redirected. So it never even fires when redirected. So it never even fires when redirected. So it never even fires when unless it's c called from another topic. unless it's c called from another topic. unless it's c called from another topic. Um you can say if the user is inactive Um you can say if the user is inactive Um you can say if the user is inactive for a while. Um and all of these for a while. Um and all of these for a while. Um and all of these different things and all of these different things and all of these different things and all of these different topics really get you all different topics really get you all different topics really get you all these different advanced modes that you these different advanced modes that you these different advanced modes that you can really start making coil studio do can really start making coil studio do can really start making coil studio do things that you really want in a much things that you really want in a much things that you really want in a much more advanced way. Now the other thing more advanced way. Now the other thing more advanced way. Now the other thing that you have is you have the ability to that you have is you have the ability to that you have is you have the ability to add nodes. And whenever you add these add nodes. And whenever you add these add nodes. And whenever you add these different nodes, you'll see here that different nodes, you'll see here that different nodes, you'll see here that we've got send a message, ask a we've got send a message, ask a we've got send a message, ask a question, ask with an adaptive card. question, ask with an adaptive card. question, ask with an adaptive card. That's going to give you a visual card That's going to give you a visual card That's going to give you a visual card where you can ask questions and submit where you can ask questions and submit where you can ask questions and submit all in like a form type of thing. We all in like a form type of thing. We all in like a form type of thing. We have conditions which are if and then have conditions which are if and then have conditions which are if and then statements. We have variables uh and statements. We have variables uh and statements. We have variables uh and variable management that we can go variable management that we can go variable management that we can go through where we can parse values, list through where we can parse values, list through where we can parse values, list management, loop through a list. We have management, loop through a list. We have management, loop through a list. We have topics that uh we can go call another topics that uh we can go call another topics that uh we can go call another topic uh or recognizing intent and topic uh or recognizing intent and topic uh or recognizing intent and things of that nature. We have adding a things of that nature. We have adding a things of that nature. We have adding a tool. So if we wanted to call a tool tool. So if we wanted to call a tool tool. So if we wanted to call a tool that we already had and it could be any that we already had and it could be any that we already had and it could be any of these things. It could be a Power of these things. It could be a Power of these things. It could be a Power Automate flow. It could be a new prompt. Automate flow. It could be a new prompt. Automate flow. It could be a new prompt. It could be any of these things. We can It could be any of these things. We can It could be any of these things. We can also select from the existing connectors also select from the existing connectors also select from the existing connectors or existing tools that we've already or existing tools that we've already or existing tools that we've already created or add our own custom tools. We created or add our own custom tools. We created or add our own custom tools. We even can come in and add additional even can come in and add additional even can come in and add additional agents to be able to be called from from agents to be able to be called from from agents to be able to be called from from this. And even under advanced, we have this. And even under advanced, we have this. And even under advanced, we have things like send HTTP request and create things like send HTTP request and create things like send HTTP request and create your own custom rag patterns inside of your own custom rag patterns inside of your own custom rag patterns inside of it and send activities or log custom it and send activities or log custom it and send activities or log custom telemetry events. Again, all these telemetry events. Again, all these telemetry events. Again, all these different capabilities all inside of different capabilities all inside of different capabilities all inside of Copilot Studio and this advanced Copilot Studio and this advanced Copilot Studio and this advanced authoring mode inside of topics. And authoring mode inside of topics. And authoring mode inside of topics. And again, that puts you in control to be again, that puts you in control to be again, that puts you in control to be able to do everything you want and be able to do everything you want and be able to do everything you want and be able to control it to the level that you able to control it to the level that you able to control it to the level that you need to as the maker of the agent. So, need to as the maker of the agent. So, need to as the maker of the agent. So, let's jump back into our deck and let's let's jump back into our deck and let's let's jump back into our deck and let's go back in and take a look at some go back in and take a look at some go back in and take a look at some additional concepts of Copilot Studio. additional concepts of Copilot Studio. additional concepts of Copilot Studio. So, now let's talk about variables. So, now let's talk about variables. So, now let's talk about variables. Variables are going to be the ability Variables are going to be the ability Variables are going to be the ability for us to store some information for a for us to store some information for a for us to store some information for a period of time for us to be able to period of time for us to be able to period of time for us to be able to reference and do something with it again reference and do something with it again reference and do something with it again at a later time. So that's a little bit at a later time. So that's a little bit at a later time. So that's a little bit different than conversational memory different than conversational memory different than conversational memory because conversational memory and because conversational memory and because conversational memory and conversational context has to do with conversational context has to do with conversational context has to do with what's being stored in the conversation. what's being stored in the conversation. what's being stored in the conversation. But let's say that you wanted to go get But let's say that you wanted to go get But let's say that you wanted to go get information from, I don't know, a user's information from, I don't know, a user's information from, I don't know, a user's profile and load it and then retain it profile and load it and then retain it profile and load it and then retain it and be able to make decisions in your and be able to make decisions in your and be able to make decisions in your agent based upon information within that agent based upon information within that agent based upon information within that user's profile. That's a great use of user's profile. That's a great use of user's profile. That's a great use of variables. And when we look at variables. And when we look at variables. And when we look at variables, we have different types. We variables, we have different types. We variables, we have different types. We have custom variables where we can go in have custom variables where we can go in have custom variables where we can go in and create our own custom ones. We also and create our own custom ones. We also and create our own custom ones. We also have system variables. And those system have system variables. And those system have system variables. And those system variables are going to be available from variables are going to be available from variables are going to be available from the system itself. Example is activity the system itself. Example is activity the system itself. Example is activity youu or activity.ext. youu or activity.ext. youu or activity.ext. That's what was the last thing that the That's what was the last thing that the That's what was the last thing that the user actually said to the agent is an user actually said to the agent is an user actually said to the agent is an example or the user. example or the user. example or the user. Is what language is the user speaking or Is what language is the user speaking or Is what language is the user speaking or the agent speaking to the user. Again, the agent speaking to the user. Again, the agent speaking to the user. Again, these are just system variables. We also these are just system variables. We also these are just system variables. We also have environment variables. So that's as have environment variables. So that's as have environment variables. So that's as you're moving from environment to you're moving from environment to you're moving from environment to environment, you can have a variable environment, you can have a variable environment, you can have a variable that's changing dependent upon the that's changing dependent upon the that's changing dependent upon the environment. And then we also have the environment. And then we also have the environment. And then we also have the ability to have a formula for our ability to have a formula for our ability to have a formula for our variable as well. So when we want to variable as well. So when we want to variable as well. So when we want to look at that, you could basically look at that, you could basically look at that, you could basically calculate out a formula. Now as far as calculate out a formula. Now as far as calculate out a formula. Now as far as the scope is concerned, it's how long is the scope is concerned, it's how long is the scope is concerned, it's how long is it going to stay in existence? Like how it going to stay in existence? Like how it going to stay in existence? Like how long do I want to retain this particular long do I want to retain this particular long do I want to retain this particular variable? And one of the ones that we variable? And one of the ones that we variable? And one of the ones that we have is called topic level. And that's have is called topic level. And that's have is called topic level. And that's one of the more common ones to use one of the more common ones to use one of the more common ones to use because it means while I'm on this because it means while I'm on this because it means while I'm on this topic, I'm going to retain this topic, I'm going to retain this topic, I'm going to retain this information. But if I come back and want information. But if I come back and want information. But if I come back and want to do something again later, I don't to do something again later, I don't to do something again later, I don't want to retain it for the entire want to retain it for the entire want to retain it for the entire conversation just while we're on this conversation just while we're on this conversation just while we're on this specific topic. Because to retain it for specific topic. Because to retain it for specific topic. Because to retain it for a longer period of time, for the entire a longer period of time, for the entire a longer period of time, for the entire conversation, is a global variable. And conversation, is a global variable. And conversation, is a global variable. And those global variables once they're set, those global variables once they're set, those global variables once they're set, you're going to be in existence for the you're going to be in existence for the you're going to be in existence for the entire time. So if we think about the entire time. So if we think about the entire time. So if we think about the scenario where I was collecting scenario where I was collecting scenario where I was collecting information about the weather in a information about the weather in a information about the weather in a specific location, do you want to be specific location, do you want to be specific location, do you want to be able to change the location or do you able to change the location or do you able to change the location or do you want to be able to keep that location in want to be able to keep that location in want to be able to keep that location in existence beyond just the conversational existence beyond just the conversational existence beyond just the conversational context that we're having at that one context that we're having at that one context that we're having at that one given time? So with that, given time? So with that, given time? So with that, what I want you to kind of keep in mind what I want you to kind of keep in mind what I want you to kind of keep in mind is that we're going to have it where now is that we're going to have it where now is that we're going to have it where now we also have the ability to do something we also have the ability to do something we also have the ability to do something called a cross session variable. So called a cross session variable. So called a cross session variable. So that's you don't you're finished with that's you don't you're finished with that's you don't you're finished with the whole conversation and you come back the whole conversation and you come back the whole conversation and you come back and you want to be able to load that and you want to be able to load that and you want to be able to load that data again. That's where it's even if data again. That's where it's even if data again. That's where it's even if the session times out, you want to be the session times out, you want to be the session times out, you want to be able to keep that particular uh variable able to keep that particular uh variable able to keep that particular uh variable in existence. And this is really in existence. And this is really in existence. And this is really important in anything where you might important in anything where you might important in anything where you might have a conversation that persists for a have a conversation that persists for a have a conversation that persists for a long period of time and the session long period of time and the session long period of time and the session might time out on the back end and you might time out on the back end and you might time out on the back end and you want to reestablish the same session or want to reestablish the same session or want to reestablish the same session or a new session. You might want to retain a new session. You might want to retain a new session. You might want to retain a variable for longer. So just be aware a variable for longer. So just be aware a variable for longer. So just be aware that these are different things. Now all that these are different things. Now all that these are different things. Now all of this information and all these of this information and all these of this information and all these variables are stored in what we refer to variables are stored in what we refer to variables are stored in what we refer to as the information state or the as the information state or the as the information state or the conversation state. And so when we store conversation state. And so when we store conversation state. And so when we store that information back, it's stored that information back, it's stored that information back, it's stored inside of the state of the conversation. inside of the state of the conversation. inside of the state of the conversation. So if you were going to do agent to So if you were going to do agent to So if you were going to do agent to agent handoffs and things like that, you agent handoffs and things like that, you agent handoffs and things like that, you might need to transfer the state from might need to transfer the state from might need to transfer the state from one agent to another agent. This is why one agent to another agent. This is why one agent to another agent. This is why you'll definitely see as we get into you'll definitely see as we get into you'll definitely see as we get into more advanced concepts that you need to more advanced concepts that you need to more advanced concepts that you need to understand that this information is understand that this information is understand that this information is stored in that conversation state and stored in that conversation state and stored in that conversation state and you need to be aware of what a you need to be aware of what a you need to be aware of what a conversation state is. So with that conversation state is. So with that conversation state is. So with that let's move on to the next topic. let's move on to the next topic. let's move on to the next topic. So for the next topic what we want to So for the next topic what we want to So for the next topic what we want to talk about is we want to talk about talk about is we want to talk about talk about is we want to talk about agents and agents are a very interesting agents and agents are a very interesting agents and agents are a very interesting scenario because a lot of the people are scenario because a lot of the people are scenario because a lot of the people are like well wait a minute cop studio like well wait a minute cop studio like well wait a minute cop studio builds agents but yes but what we're builds agents but yes but what we're builds agents but yes but what we're talking about is being able to build talking about is being able to build talking about is being able to build these concepts of multi- aents and so these concepts of multi- aents and so these concepts of multi- aents and so there's two types of agents that you can there's two types of agents that you can there's two types of agents that you can have inside of co-pilot studio that have inside of co-pilot studio that have inside of co-pilot studio that where your agent can communicate with where your agent can communicate with where your agent can communicate with another agent and that is going to be another agent and that is going to be another agent and that is going to be one of is going to be a child agent. And one of is going to be a child agent. And one of is going to be a child agent. And a child agent is where it's going to be a child agent is where it's going to be a child agent is where it's going to be orchestrated and being able to go in and orchestrated and being able to go in and orchestrated and being able to go in and it can contain tools and knowledge and it can contain tools and knowledge and it can contain tools and knowledge and and you provide instructions on how and you provide instructions on how and you provide instructions on how those that group of tools and knowledge those that group of tools and knowledge those that group of tools and knowledge can be used and it's inside of your can be used and it's inside of your can be used and it's inside of your agent. So, it's not a standalone agent. agent. So, it's not a standalone agent. agent. So, it's not a standalone agent. it's it's embedded into the agent you're it's it's embedded into the agent you're it's it's embedded into the agent you're building which makes it part of the building which makes it part of the building which makes it part of the solution and it becomes solution aware solution and it becomes solution aware solution and it becomes solution aware inside of it. So if you wanted to say I inside of it. So if you wanted to say I inside of it. So if you wanted to say I want to package up a child agent as a want to package up a child agent as a want to package up a child agent as a component collection so that you can component collection so that you can component collection so that you can like take it and hand it out and be able like take it and hand it out and be able like take it and hand it out and be able to use it in multiple different agents. to use it in multiple different agents. to use it in multiple different agents. You can. It's just that you're importing You can. It's just that you're importing You can. It's just that you're importing it into your agent as an implementation. it into your agent as an implementation. it into your agent as an implementation. And so this is actually probably the And so this is actually probably the And so this is actually probably the most powerful thing that's been released most powerful thing that's been released most powerful thing that's been released inside of Copilot Studio in a really inside of Copilot Studio in a really inside of Copilot Studio in a really long time because it allows you to be long time because it allows you to be long time because it allows you to be able to say I want to be able to take able to say I want to be able to take able to say I want to be able to take this group of knowledge and this group this group of knowledge and this group this group of knowledge and this group of tools and I only want it to be used of tools and I only want it to be used of tools and I only want it to be used in this way instead of you having to say in this way instead of you having to say in this way instead of you having to say oh just check everything. This allows oh just check everything. This allows oh just check everything. This allows you to be able to package it up and you to be able to package it up and you to be able to package it up and orchestrate to it when you want it to be orchestrate to it when you want it to be orchestrate to it when you want it to be used. So again, child agents probably used. So again, child agents probably used. So again, child agents probably the most underrated feature and the most underrated feature and the most underrated feature and underused feature inside of K Copilot underused feature inside of K Copilot underused feature inside of K Copilot Studio today in my opinion. Now beyond Studio today in my opinion. Now beyond Studio today in my opinion. Now beyond that we also have connected agents. Now that we also have connected agents. Now that we also have connected agents. Now connected agents are also orchestrated connected agents are also orchestrated connected agents are also orchestrated to but they're fully standal on their to but they're fully standal on their to but they're fully standal on their own and they are their own independent own and they are their own independent own and they are their own independent agent that is not embedded inside of agent that is not embedded inside of agent that is not embedded inside of your agent or is part of your agent. So your agent or is part of your agent. So your agent or is part of your agent. So if that particular agent gets updated, if that particular agent gets updated, if that particular agent gets updated, then it's an integration point to that then it's an integration point to that then it's an integration point to that location. So if someone makes a change location. So if someone makes a change location. So if someone makes a change to that agent and you've said you're to that agent and you've said you're to that agent and you've said you're going to connect to it, the changes go going to connect to it, the changes go going to connect to it, the changes go in without you ever pushing a button to in without you ever pushing a button to in without you ever pushing a button to say that you want that. Now that could say that you want that. Now that could say that you want that. Now that could be good, that could be bad depending on be good, that could be bad depending on be good, that could be bad depending on your opinion or what you're looking for. your opinion or what you're looking for. your opinion or what you're looking for. Now also be aware that how can you build Now also be aware that how can you build Now also be aware that how can you build these connected agents? Well, they are these connected agents? Well, they are these connected agents? Well, they are able to be built where you can use other able to be built where you can use other able to be built where you can use other copilot studio agents this way. We have copilot studio agents this way. We have copilot studio agents this way. We have fabric data agents. We have Azure fabric data agents. We have Azure fabric data agents. We have Azure foundry. We have SDK where you can use foundry. We have SDK where you can use foundry. We have SDK where you can use the software development kit for the the software development kit for the the software development kit for the M365 M365 M365 uh copilot agent SDK. Uh and I even uh copilot agent SDK. Uh and I even uh copilot agent SDK. Uh and I even believe that now we have Ato or agentto believe that now we have Ato or agentto believe that now we have Ato or agentto agent protocol uh supported in this agent protocol uh supported in this agent protocol uh supported in this space. So just be aware that these while space. So just be aware that these while space. So just be aware that these while a lot of people like to think of these a lot of people like to think of these a lot of people like to think of these as if they are modular components, it's as if they are modular components, it's as if they are modular components, it's not really a micros service architecture not really a micros service architecture not really a micros service architecture that you want to build with these. They that you want to build with these. They that you want to build with these. They are standalone applications that you are standalone applications that you are standalone applications that you want to integrate to. And when we talked want to integrate to. And when we talked want to integrate to. And when we talked about conversation state earlier, know about conversation state earlier, know about conversation state earlier, know that you'll have to figure out how to that you'll have to figure out how to that you'll have to figure out how to transfer the conversation state so that transfer the conversation state so that transfer the conversation state so that these things know what you were talking these things know what you were talking these things know what you were talking about in the other agent because they about in the other agent because they about in the other agent because they are not in the same memory context. So are not in the same memory context. So are not in the same memory context. So just be aware of that. And just also be just be aware of that. And just also be just be aware of that. And just also be aware that with it being its own aware that with it being its own aware that with it being its own separate application, it does mean that separate application, it does mean that separate application, it does mean that it's going to have its own off. It's it's going to have its own off. It's it's going to have its own off. It's going to have its own settings. So if going to have its own settings. So if going to have its own settings. So if you're going to set it up, all the you're going to set it up, all the you're going to set it up, all the security and authentication and security and authentication and security and authentication and authorization and how you're going to authorization and how you're going to authorization and how you're going to interconnect these things are going to interconnect these things are going to interconnect these things are going to have to be done. Now I don't want to have to be done. Now I don't want to have to be done. Now I don't want to make it sound like these things make it sound like these things make it sound like these things shouldn't be used because there's shouldn't be used because there's shouldn't be used because there's absolutely great use cases for them. absolutely great use cases for them. absolutely great use cases for them. Example being let's say that you had a Example being let's say that you had a Example being let's say that you had a employee assistant that you were employee assistant that you were employee assistant that you were building and inside of that employee building and inside of that employee building and inside of that employee assistant you had HR agent capability assistant you had HR agent capability assistant you had HR agent capability and you had IT agent capability and you and you had IT agent capability and you and you had IT agent capability and you don't want for your employee assistant don't want for your employee assistant don't want for your employee assistant you want to be able to include both HR you want to be able to include both HR you want to be able to include both HR and IT but you have some people who are and IT but you have some people who are and IT but you have some people who are contractors who aren't actually contractors who aren't actually contractors who aren't actually employees they still need to get to the employees they still need to get to the employees they still need to get to the IT agent and you want to be able to IT agent and you want to be able to IT agent and you want to be able to provide an IT IT agent, but you don't provide an IT IT agent, but you don't provide an IT IT agent, but you don't necessarily want them to have access to necessarily want them to have access to necessarily want them to have access to the HR stuff or to the rest of the the HR stuff or to the rest of the the HR stuff or to the rest of the employee assistant. This isn't a place employee assistant. This isn't a place employee assistant. This isn't a place where sure you might build the IT agents where sure you might build the IT agents where sure you might build the IT agents a as a connected agent in this, but you a as a connected agent in this, but you a as a connected agent in this, but you could also think about whether or not could also think about whether or not could also think about whether or not that's that the complexity is worth the that's that the complexity is worth the that's that the complexity is worth the return. So again, this is the concept of return. So again, this is the concept of return. So again, this is the concept of agents. So let's talk about the last agents. So let's talk about the last agents. So let's talk about the last concept that we're going to discuss concept that we're going to discuss concept that we're going to discuss before we go back to demos. before we go back to demos. before we go back to demos. So this last option that we want to kind So this last option that we want to kind So this last option that we want to kind of talk about is going to be channels. of talk about is going to be channels. of talk about is going to be channels. So the channels are very different in So the channels are very different in So the channels are very different in the fact that these are not things that the fact that these are not things that the fact that these are not things that you're building into your agent. It's you're building into your agent. It's you're building into your agent. It's how is the user going to interact with how is the user going to interact with how is the user going to interact with your actual agent. And so when we look your actual agent. And so when we look your actual agent. And so when we look at this user interaction layer, this is at this user interaction layer, this is at this user interaction layer, this is going to be how does the human talk to going to be how does the human talk to going to be how does the human talk to it. So example of this is going to be it. So example of this is going to be it. So example of this is going to be you might want to talk to it through web you might want to talk to it through web you might want to talk to it through web chat or you might want to talk to it chat or you might want to talk to it chat or you might want to talk to it through teams or Facebook messenger or through teams or Facebook messenger or through teams or Facebook messenger or uh through group me or slack. All of uh through group me or slack. All of uh through group me or slack. All of these are different channels and even these are different channels and even these are different channels and even the M365 co-pilot is a channel that you the M365 co-pilot is a channel that you the M365 co-pilot is a channel that you can use inside of Copilot Studio to be can use inside of Copilot Studio to be can use inside of Copilot Studio to be able to say this is how I want to able to say this is how I want to able to say this is how I want to interact with that. Now a lot of people interact with that. Now a lot of people interact with that. Now a lot of people ask does Copilot Studio have an API and ask does Copilot Studio have an API and ask does Copilot Studio have an API and the answer is yes. Actually when you the answer is yes. Actually when you the answer is yes. Actually when you build your agent you can talk over build your agent you can talk over build your agent you can talk over something called directline or you can something called directline or you can something called directline or you can talk over something called direct to talk over something called direct to talk over something called direct to engine. And so direct line is going to engine. And so direct line is going to engine. And so direct line is going to be an API that you can call and be able be an API that you can call and be able be an API that you can call and be able to interact with. It's very well known to interact with. It's very well known to interact with. It's very well known uh and very well documented. Direct to uh and very well documented. Direct to uh and very well documented. Direct to Engine actually is more SDKbased and Engine actually is more SDKbased and Engine actually is more SDKbased and just be aware that Direct to Engine is just be aware that Direct to Engine is just be aware that Direct to Engine is one of the ones that's more of a newer one of the ones that's more of a newer one of the ones that's more of a newer thing and is going to be a lot faster thing and is going to be a lot faster thing and is going to be a lot faster and have a lot more features. You're and have a lot more features. You're and have a lot more features. You're also going to find that if you're trying also going to find that if you're trying also going to find that if you're trying to go through a firewall because it uses to go through a firewall because it uses to go through a firewall because it uses server scent events instead of trying to server scent events instead of trying to server scent events instead of trying to open up uh ports and uh sockets on your open up uh ports and uh sockets on your open up uh ports and uh sockets on your firewall. you're going to find that it's firewall. you're going to find that it's firewall. you're going to find that it's a lot easier to work with uh whenever a lot easier to work with uh whenever a lot easier to work with uh whenever you want to uh be able to connect you want to uh be able to connect you want to uh be able to connect through firewalls. Now, other things to through firewalls. Now, other things to through firewalls. Now, other things to consider as you go into it is just if consider as you go into it is just if consider as you go into it is just if you're going to be doing different you're going to be doing different you're going to be doing different things in different security mechanisms things in different security mechanisms things in different security mechanisms or different off, you need to think or different off, you need to think or different off, you need to think about that because different channels about that because different channels about that because different channels that you're going to connect to are that you're going to connect to are that you're going to connect to are going to have different security going to have different security going to have different security requirements. They're going to have requirements. They're going to have requirements. They're going to have different authentication different authentication different authentication uh capabilities that you have to deal uh capabilities that you have to deal uh capabilities that you have to deal with whenever you're configuring it. So with whenever you're configuring it. So with whenever you're configuring it. So uh an example is whenever you're going uh an example is whenever you're going uh an example is whenever you're going in through teams or M365 copilot you're in through teams or M365 copilot you're in through teams or M365 copilot you're going to be using uh a authentication going to be using uh a authentication going to be using uh a authentication pro provided by Entra ID whereas if you pro provided by Entra ID whereas if you pro provided by Entra ID whereas if you need to do custom authentication you need to do custom authentication you need to do custom authentication you might have to do something custom for might have to do something custom for might have to do something custom for your channel. The other thing is is that your channel. The other thing is is that your channel. The other thing is is that different channels have different different channels have different different channels have different elements that they support. So a voice elements that they support. So a voice elements that they support. So a voice channel for example like a telefan channel for example like a telefan channel for example like a telefan you're not going to have a visual card you're not going to have a visual card you're not going to have a visual card or an adaptive card. So whenever you're or an adaptive card. So whenever you're or an adaptive card. So whenever you're building, you need to think about your building, you need to think about your building, you need to think about your different channel limitations because different channel limitations because different channel limitations because that is up to the service provider uh to that is up to the service provider uh to that is up to the service provider uh to be able to do. So and and a great be able to do. So and and a great be able to do. So and and a great example of this for somebody who to kind example of this for somebody who to kind example of this for somebody who to kind of relate would be if you decide to of relate would be if you decide to of relate would be if you decide to build like a custom integration into build like a custom integration into build like a custom integration into like an Alexa speaker or something like like an Alexa speaker or something like like an Alexa speaker or something like that. Just be aware that it only expects that. Just be aware that it only expects that. Just be aware that it only expects one response to one question. So you can one response to one question. So you can one response to one question. So you can only go back and forth one time. you only go back and forth one time. you only go back and forth one time. you can't do multiple bubbles responses and can't do multiple bubbles responses and can't do multiple bubbles responses and things of that nature with that. Or if things of that nature with that. Or if things of that nature with that. Or if you're doing text, you might want to you're doing text, you might want to you're doing text, you might want to think about the fact that those are sent think about the fact that those are sent think about the fact that those are sent over UDP. So you really or in a sense over UDP. So you really or in a sense over UDP. So you really or in a sense like UDP where it sends it out, but you like UDP where it sends it out, but you like UDP where it sends it out, but you can't guarantee it's going to go in the can't guarantee it's going to go in the can't guarantee it's going to go in the same order. So multi-bubble scenarios, same order. So multi-bubble scenarios, same order. So multi-bubble scenarios, not a great thing for text. not a great thing for text. not a great thing for text. So let's go take a look at some demos of So let's go take a look at some demos of So let's go take a look at some demos of variables, agents, and channels really variables, agents, and channels really variables, agents, and channels really quick. quick. quick. So the first thing we're going to go So the first thing we're going to go So the first thing we're going to go take a look at is let's go take a look take a look at is let's go take a look take a look at is let's go take a look at variables inside of copilot studio. at variables inside of copilot studio. at variables inside of copilot studio. So the what I'll do is I'll go back to So the what I'll do is I'll go back to So the what I'll do is I'll go back to the topic that we made earlier where we the topic that we made earlier where we the topic that we made earlier where we were joining the copilot studio mailing were joining the copilot studio mailing were joining the copilot studio mailing list and I want to be able to take a list and I want to be able to take a list and I want to be able to take a look at the way we were collecting look at the way we were collecting look at the way we were collecting variables and things of that nature. So variables and things of that nature. So variables and things of that nature. So what you'll see here is that we have a what you'll see here is that we have a what you'll see here is that we have a variable where we're collecting the variable where we're collecting the variable where we're collecting the actual user's response for the email actual user's response for the email actual user's response for the email address question. And if I come in here address question. And if I come in here address question. And if I come in here and I take a look at this and I click in and I take a look at this and I click in and I take a look at this and I click in on the email address variable, you're on the email address variable, you're on the email address variable, you're going to see that it will say here that going to see that it will say here that going to see that it will say here that it's collecting this information. You it's collecting this information. You it's collecting this information. You can see that it's even got uh that its can see that it's even got uh that its can see that it's even got uh that its usage is that it is a topic level usage is that it is a topic level usage is that it is a topic level variable. And you can even see that variable. And you can even see that variable. And you can even see that there are some additional settings here there are some additional settings here there are some additional settings here where you can say you want to be able to where you can say you want to be able to where you can say you want to be able to receive values from other topics or you receive values from other topics or you receive values from other topics or you want to return value to another topic. want to return value to another topic. want to return value to another topic. So that's if you're doing where you're So that's if you're doing where you're So that's if you're doing where you're calling other topics back and forth, you calling other topics back and forth, you calling other topics back and forth, you might decide that you want to feed in a might decide that you want to feed in a might decide that you want to feed in a variable or send a variable back. So variable or send a variable back. So variable or send a variable back. So just know that these different things just know that these different things just know that these different things are capable inside of Copilot Studio. are capable inside of Copilot Studio. are capable inside of Copilot Studio. But if we come over here and we say, But if we come over here and we say, But if we come over here and we say, okay, well, we want to do global. You'll okay, well, we want to do global. You'll okay, well, we want to do global. You'll see here that this is where we can do see here that this is where we can do see here that this is where we can do carry between sessions. You can see the carry between sessions. You can see the carry between sessions. You can see the same settings here. And you can even put same settings here. And you can even put same settings here. And you can even put a description in. And by being able to a description in. And by being able to a description in. And by being able to put in a description, it lets the AI put in a description, it lets the AI put in a description, it lets the AI kind of understand the context of that kind of understand the context of that kind of understand the context of that particular variable since it exists for particular variable since it exists for particular variable since it exists for the entirety of the conversation. So the entirety of the conversation. So the entirety of the conversation. So just be aware that these are things that just be aware that these are things that just be aware that these are things that you can do. And you'll notice that the you can do. And you'll notice that the you can do. And you'll notice that the variable name, it's global email address variable name, it's global email address variable name, it's global email address or topic dot will be the option for when or topic dot will be the option for when or topic dot will be the option for when you do a variable name this way. Now the you do a variable name this way. Now the you do a variable name this way. Now the other thing is yes you can do sensitive other thing is yes you can do sensitive other thing is yes you can do sensitive data and as you can see this is going to data and as you can see this is going to data and as you can see this is going to be able to give you where you can redact be able to give you where you can redact be able to give you where you can redact information into the logs. So if you information into the logs. So if you information into the logs. So if you have sensitive data being stored in here have sensitive data being stored in here have sensitive data being stored in here we could store that in because this is we could store that in because this is we could store that in because this is our email address and you can see that our email address and you can see that our email address and you can see that you can add in and turn on sensitive you can add in and turn on sensitive you can add in and turn on sensitive data flags. Now with that information, data flags. Now with that information, data flags. Now with that information, it's something else that we want to do it's something else that we want to do it's something else that we want to do is we want to look at how can we is we want to look at how can we is we want to look at how can we establish a variable or create a establish a variable or create a establish a variable or create a variable or set a variable. And what variable or set a variable. And what variable or set a variable. And what I'll do is I'll just scroll down and I'll do is I'll just scroll down and I'll do is I'll just scroll down and we'll add a node. And I'm just going to we'll add a node. And I'm just going to we'll add a node. And I'm just going to say that I want to do variable say that I want to do variable say that I want to do variable management and say set a variable value. management and say set a variable value. management and say set a variable value. Now once I create this node that lets me Now once I create this node that lets me Now once I create this node that lets me do this, you'll see here that there's do this, you'll see here that there's do this, you'll see here that there's two different settings here. So the two different settings here. So the two different settings here. So the first thing is is what is the value that first thing is is what is the value that first thing is is what is the value that it can be a variable can be set to and it can be a variable can be set to and it can be a variable can be set to and notice that you can set the variable notice that you can set the variable notice that you can set the variable value um or you can create and set your value um or you can create and set your value um or you can create and set your your own value not the value but the your own value not the value but the your own value not the value but the actual variable. So, I'm create my node here. And what So, I'm create my node here. And what So, I'm create my node here. And what I'm going to first do is take a look at I'm going to first do is take a look at I'm going to first do is take a look at what we can do at set variable. And set what we can do at set variable. And set what we can do at set variable. And set variable is where we're going to be able variable is where we're going to be able variable is where we're going to be able to select a variable. And what variable to select a variable. And what variable to select a variable. And what variable are we talking about? Well, you can set are we talking about? Well, you can set are we talking about? Well, you can set the value of a variable, but we need to the value of a variable, but we need to the value of a variable, but we need to know what variable we're going to be know what variable we're going to be know what variable we're going to be allowed to set the value of. And you can allowed to set the value of. And you can allowed to set the value of. And you can see I could create a new variable. I can see I could create a new variable. I can see I could create a new variable. I can set these are the variables that we have set these are the variables that we have set these are the variables that we have available in this topic. And all your available in this topic. And all your available in this topic. And all your globals would show up here. But there's globals would show up here. But there's globals would show up here. But there's also system variables. So an example is also system variables. So an example is also system variables. So an example is if you want to set the time zone or the if you want to set the time zone or the if you want to set the time zone or the user's language or something of this user's language or something of this user's language or something of this nature, know that you can actually set nature, know that you can actually set nature, know that you can actually set these different uh uh different system these different uh uh different system these different uh uh different system variable values if you need to. So there variable values if you need to. So there variable values if you need to. So there are some that you can set that are are some that you can set that are are some that you can set that are system variables. Now the other thing system variables. Now the other thing system variables. Now the other thing that you you'll see here is that if you that you you'll see here is that if you that you you'll see here is that if you want to say what value can you set it want to say what value can you set it want to say what value can you set it to, you can set it to the value of to, you can set it to the value of to, you can set it to the value of another variable if you'd like. You can another variable if you'd like. You can another variable if you'd like. You can even come in and say, I want to set it even come in and say, I want to set it even come in and say, I want to set it equal to a system variable. Matter of equal to a system variable. Matter of equal to a system variable. Matter of fact, if you remember, I said fact, if you remember, I said fact, if you remember, I said activity.ext is the last thing the user activity.ext is the last thing the user activity.ext is the last thing the user said. So, if you wanted to create a said. So, if you wanted to create a said. So, if you wanted to create a variable that you were going to use to variable that you were going to use to variable that you were going to use to be able to say store what the user the be able to say store what the user the be able to say store what the user the last thing the user said, this would be last thing the user said, this would be last thing the user said, this would be a way to do that and it would store that a way to do that and it would store that a way to do that and it would store that in. Now, the other thing is is that you in. Now, the other thing is is that you in. Now, the other thing is is that you have environment variables that you can have environment variables that you can have environment variables that you can use to be able to set these different use to be able to set these different use to be able to set these different environment varable values. You also environment varable values. You also environment varable values. You also have a formula and the beauty of this is have a formula and the beauty of this is have a formula and the beauty of this is that you can actually use a power that you can actually use a power that you can actually use a power effects formula to calculate the value effects formula to calculate the value effects formula to calculate the value of a variable. And this is very very of a variable. And this is very very of a variable. And this is very very powerful because it allows you to be powerful because it allows you to be powerful because it allows you to be able to go in and take multiple topics able to go in and take multiple topics able to go in and take multiple topics and do concatenations or whatever it is and do concatenations or whatever it is and do concatenations or whatever it is that you would like to go do. You are that you would like to go do. You are that you would like to go do. You are able to go do this. So just know that able to go do this. So just know that able to go do this. So just know that this is a really powerful capability this is a really powerful capability this is a really powerful capability inside of Copilot Studio that you can go inside of Copilot Studio that you can go inside of Copilot Studio that you can go and do. Now, now if we want to go to the and do. Now, now if we want to go to the and do. Now, now if we want to go to the next topic, which is let's talk about next topic, which is let's talk about next topic, which is let's talk about child agents and what we can do with uh child agents and what we can do with uh child agents and what we can do with uh a child agent or just with agents in a child agent or just with agents in a child agent or just with agents in general. Now you'll see that at the main general. Now you'll see that at the main general. Now you'll see that at the main screen you will see that there are screen you will see that there are screen you will see that there are agents listed here and you can add an agents listed here and you can add an agents listed here and you can add an agent and see some of the agents but you agent and see some of the agents but you agent and see some of the agents but you also have the navigation at the top and also have the navigation at the top and also have the navigation at the top and we'll go in that way and just say add an we'll go in that way and just say add an we'll go in that way and just say add an agent. Now there's a couple of different agent. Now there's a couple of different agent. Now there's a couple of different options for us that we have here. We options for us that we have here. We options for us that we have here. We have new child agent as a option now. have new child agent as a option now. have new child agent as a option now. And we have over here where you can uh And we have over here where you can uh And we have over here where you can uh connect to an external agent and such. connect to an external agent and such. connect to an external agent and such. And you can even see here that these are And you can even see here that these are And you can even see here that these are some other agents that are available in some other agents that are available in some other agents that are available in my environment. And if once they're my environment. And if once they're my environment. And if once they're published, I could go in and and start published, I could go in and and start published, I could go in and and start using those. And you can even click view using those. And you can even click view using those. And you can even click view all and see all of them. But let's start all and see all of them. But let's start all and see all of them. But let's start with we just want to create a new child with we just want to create a new child with we just want to create a new child agent for our implementation for our agent for our implementation for our agent for our implementation for our copilot studio guidance bot or agent. So copilot studio guidance bot or agent. So copilot studio guidance bot or agent. So what we'll do is we'll say that we want what we'll do is we'll say that we want what we'll do is we'll say that we want to create a new child agent. to create a new child agent. to create a new child agent. And what I want to do is there is And what I want to do is there is And what I want to do is there is something called the care framework that something called the care framework that something called the care framework that for being able to build prompts. And I for being able to build prompts. And I for being able to build prompts. And I really like the care prompt guidance really like the care prompt guidance really like the care prompt guidance that they have. And so what I'm going to that they have. And so what I'm going to that they have. And so what I'm going to do is I'm going to build an agent that do is I'm going to build an agent that do is I'm going to build an agent that actually helps me with prompt guidance actually helps me with prompt guidance actually helps me with prompt guidance using this. And what I'm going to say is using this. And what I'm going to say is using this. And what I'm going to say is that this is going to be the name. And that this is going to be the name. And that this is going to be the name. And then I'm going to give it a description. then I'm going to give it a description. then I'm going to give it a description. So when should it actually uh engage So when should it actually uh engage So when should it actually uh engage this particular agent? I can even give this particular agent? I can even give this particular agent? I can even give instructions to this particular agent so instructions to this particular agent so instructions to this particular agent so that it understands what this agent is that it understands what this agent is that it understands what this agent is there to do. You even have advanced there to do. You even have advanced there to do. You even have advanced settings and things of that nature that settings and things of that nature that settings and things of that nature that you can do. But you can see here in the you can do. But you can see here in the you can do. But you can see here in the instructions I can give it this is how I instructions I can give it this is how I instructions I can give it this is how I want it to behave uh with the different want it to behave uh with the different want it to behave uh with the different pieces of information. Now the other pieces of information. Now the other pieces of information. Now the other thing that I can do is I can come in and thing that I can do is I can come in and thing that I can do is I can come in and I can add additional knowledge to this. I can add additional knowledge to this. I can add additional knowledge to this. And so if I wanted to I could come in And so if I wanted to I could come in And so if I wanted to I could come in and give this this this website here. I and give this this this website here. I and give this this this website here. I I could all and add that to my agent. I could all and add that to my agent. I could all and add that to my agent. And I could upload uh some PDFs and And I could upload uh some PDFs and And I could upload uh some PDFs and such. Let's see if I have one that we such. Let's see if I have one that we such. Let's see if I have one that we can use. I'll just take this care prompt uh PDF. I'll just take this care prompt uh PDF. I'll just take this care prompt uh PDF. I'll add it in. And again, it's I'll add it in. And again, it's I'll add it in. And again, it's uploading the file to data versse. And uploading the file to data versse. And uploading the file to data versse. And we've got some additional knowledge we've got some additional knowledge we've got some additional knowledge that's going to come in for this. And that's going to come in for this. And that's going to come in for this. And then with that, I'm going to be able to then with that, I'm going to be able to then with that, I'm going to be able to go in and I'd be able to um give it some go in and I'd be able to um give it some go in and I'd be able to um give it some additional information to be able to additional information to be able to additional information to be able to work and be able to orchestrate to it. work and be able to orchestrate to it. work and be able to orchestrate to it. Because remember what I said in earlier Because remember what I said in earlier Because remember what I said in earlier is that we've already got something that is that we've already got something that is that we've already got something that gives you prompt guidance to help you gives you prompt guidance to help you gives you prompt guidance to help you analyze your prompt. So, what I may want analyze your prompt. So, what I may want analyze your prompt. So, what I may want to do is go in and to do is go in and to do is go in and help make it where the agent understands help make it where the agent understands help make it where the agent understands what it should do and when it should what it should do and when it should what it should do and when it should orchestrate. So, what I'm going to do is orchestrate. So, what I'm going to do is orchestrate. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to go do that nudge again. So, I'm going to go do that nudge again. So, I'm going to go do that nudge again. So, I'm going to come over here into I'm going to come over here into I'm going to come over here into instructions on the overview side and instructions on the overview side and instructions on the overview side and I'm going to hit edit. And remember, we I'm going to hit edit. And remember, we I'm going to hit edit. And remember, we said we could come in and we could do said we could come in and we could do said we could come in and we could do this. Now the thing is that I'm going to this. Now the thing is that I'm going to this. Now the thing is that I'm going to take this prompt care guidance piece and take this prompt care guidance piece and take this prompt care guidance piece and I'm just going to do that slash and I I'm just going to do that slash and I I'm just going to do that slash and I can say agent And you'll notice here that I can choose And you'll notice here that I can choose And you'll notice here that I can choose the care prompt guidance agent. And I'm the care prompt guidance agent. And I'm the care prompt guidance agent. And I'm going to go in and I'm going to say going to go in and I'm going to say going to go in and I'm going to say save. And so what I'm doing is kind of save. And so what I'm doing is kind of save. And so what I'm doing is kind of nudging it to know when I want it to go nudging it to know when I want it to go nudging it to know when I want it to go left or right and when to use the agent, left or right and when to use the agent, left or right and when to use the agent, when to not use the agent. Now, you only when to not use the agent. Now, you only when to not use the agent. Now, you only have to do this if you feel like you have to do this if you feel like you have to do this if you feel like you need to do some disambiguation. I just need to do some disambiguation. I just need to do some disambiguation. I just wanted to show you guys that you have wanted to show you guys that you have wanted to show you guys that you have the capability to be able to do the capability to be able to do the capability to be able to do something like this to be able to nudge something like this to be able to nudge something like this to be able to nudge your agent to help it understand when to your agent to help it understand when to your agent to help it understand when to do what you want it to do. And and do what you want it to do. And and do what you want it to do. And and again, you should only do that if again, you should only do that if again, you should only do that if necessary, but I wanted in the demo to necessary, but I wanted in the demo to necessary, but I wanted in the demo to show you how to do that. The other thing show you how to do that. The other thing show you how to do that. The other thing is is that I'm going to go ahead and ask is is that I'm going to go ahead and ask is is that I'm going to go ahead and ask it a question now. And I can ask a it a question now. And I can ask a it a question now. And I can ask a question about how does the care prompt question about how does the care prompt question about how does the care prompt guidance help write prompts? And you're guidance help write prompts? And you're guidance help write prompts? And you're going to see that what is it going to going to see that what is it going to going to see that what is it going to do? It's going to say, actually, I need do? It's going to say, actually, I need do? It's going to say, actually, I need to go over to the care prompt guidance to go over to the care prompt guidance to go over to the care prompt guidance agent and I need to use the knowledge agent and I need to use the knowledge agent and I need to use the knowledge within it and be able to bring it in. within it and be able to bring it in. within it and be able to bring it in. Now, this is giving us the answers, but Now, this is giving us the answers, but Now, this is giving us the answers, but it's using the a sub agent and only it's using the a sub agent and only it's using the a sub agent and only using the knowledge that was in that using the knowledge that was in that using the knowledge that was in that particular child agent. So, this is a particular child agent. So, this is a particular child agent. So, this is a great way for you to be able to build great way for you to be able to build great way for you to be able to build and contextually say that this is a and contextually say that this is a and contextually say that this is a group of tools and knowledge to allow group of tools and knowledge to allow group of tools and knowledge to allow you to be able to execute uh your you to be able to execute uh your you to be able to execute uh your different implementations. Now, as we different implementations. Now, as we different implementations. Now, as we talk about additional agents, if we talk about additional agents, if we talk about additional agents, if we wanted to go in and we wanted to connect wanted to go in and we wanted to connect wanted to go in and we wanted to connect to another agent, we could come in and to another agent, we could come in and to another agent, we could come in and we could connect to one of our other we could connect to one of our other we could connect to one of our other agents. We could also say that we want agents. We could also say that we want agents. We could also say that we want to connect to an external agent where to connect to an external agent where to connect to an external agent where we're talking about agent to agent, we're talking about agent to agent, we're talking about agent to agent, Microsoft Foundry, an SDK, a fabric Microsoft Foundry, an SDK, a fabric Microsoft Foundry, an SDK, a fabric agent. All of these things are in agent. All of these things are in agent. All of these things are in preview. And if you're wanting to preview. And if you're wanting to preview. And if you're wanting to connect to them, you just follow through connect to them, you just follow through connect to them, you just follow through with these different agent pieces. If with these different agent pieces. If with these different agent pieces. If you're looking for one that's built you're looking for one that's built you're looking for one that's built inside of Copilot Studio, you can see inside of Copilot Studio, you can see inside of Copilot Studio, you can see these are the ones that we have these are the ones that we have these are the ones that we have available. And you could even see that available. And you could even see that available. And you could even see that I've got some like my Porsche 911 manual I've got some like my Porsche 911 manual I've got some like my Porsche 911 manual one where I can go in and I can say that one where I can go in and I can say that one where I can go in and I can say that I want to bring it in. And you can see I want to bring it in. And you can see I want to bring it in. And you can see here, this one allows me to ask here, this one allows me to ask here, this one allows me to ask questions about Porsches. And you can questions about Porsches. And you can questions about Porsches. And you can even pass the conversation history in. even pass the conversation history in. even pass the conversation history in. Once you go in and say add and Once you go in and say add and Once you go in and say add and configure, what you're going to find configure, what you're going to find configure, what you're going to find then is that you'll be able to come in then is that you'll be able to come in then is that you'll be able to come in and we'll be able to ask a question and we'll be able to ask a question and we'll be able to ask a question about Porsche manuals. Now, this about Porsche manuals. Now, this about Porsche manuals. Now, this particular agent, because of the fact particular agent, because of the fact particular agent, because of the fact that this agent is outside of my that this agent is outside of my that this agent is outside of my implementation, you're going to see I implementation, you're going to see I implementation, you're going to see I don't really have a lot the same amount don't really have a lot the same amount don't really have a lot the same amount of controls. I can't say what tools I of controls. I can't say what tools I of controls. I can't say what tools I want to put in it. But now if I ask a want to put in it. But now if I ask a want to put in it. But now if I ask a question about, you know, what uh colors question about, you know, what uh colors question about, you know, what uh colors does the Porsche does the Porsche does the Porsche 911 come in? What you're going to find, 911 come in? What you're going to find, 911 come in? What you're going to find, it's going to say, I need to go to the it's going to say, I need to go to the it's going to say, I need to go to the outside and talk to this particular outside and talk to this particular outside and talk to this particular agent. And that agent's going to come agent. And that agent's going to come agent. And that agent's going to come back, generate a plan, and answer this back, generate a plan, and answer this back, generate a plan, and answer this question. And you can see that it question. And you can see that it question. And you can see that it searched the knowledge inside of that searched the knowledge inside of that searched the knowledge inside of that and answered the question about this. and answered the question about this. and answered the question about this. Now, because of the fact that we're Now, because of the fact that we're Now, because of the fact that we're building our particular agent with building our particular agent with building our particular agent with Porsche 911 is not really the greatest Porsche 911 is not really the greatest Porsche 911 is not really the greatest thing for us to do. So, I'll just come thing for us to do. So, I'll just come thing for us to do. So, I'll just come in and say I'm going to disconnect that in and say I'm going to disconnect that in and say I'm going to disconnect that agent just so that we can keep this to agent just so that we can keep this to agent just so that we can keep this to helping us with Copilot Studio. Now, now helping us with Copilot Studio. Now, now helping us with Copilot Studio. Now, now that I've done that, and you can see how that I've done that, and you can see how that I've done that, and you can see how easy that was to add and take them away, easy that was to add and take them away, easy that was to add and take them away, what I want to do now is I want to come what I want to do now is I want to come what I want to do now is I want to come in and I want to show you how to put it in and I want to show you how to put it in and I want to show you how to put it to a channel. So now when we start to a channel. So now when we start to a channel. So now when we start talking about channels again, we can talking about channels again, we can talking about channels again, we can start in our overview here and you can start in our overview here and you can start in our overview here and you can see that channels isn't listed here see that channels isn't listed here see that channels isn't listed here because it's not a piece of something because it's not a piece of something because it's not a piece of something that you're building. Channels are that you're building. Channels are that you're building. Channels are actually up on the upper rail. And when actually up on the upper rail. And when actually up on the upper rail. And when we look at channels, we have all these we look at channels, we have all these we look at channels, we have all these different available channels for us. So different available channels for us. So different available channels for us. So what you're going to see is that now what you're going to see is that now what you're going to see is that now what we can do is we we're inside of what we can do is we we're inside of what we can do is we we're inside of this. You can see all the different this. You can see all the different this. You can see all the different channels that are available and you can channels that are available and you can channels that are available and you can see all the different ones that we might see all the different ones that we might see all the different ones that we might want to deal with. You can even go in want to deal with. You can even go in want to deal with. You can even go in and change your authentication settings. and change your authentication settings. and change your authentication settings. So, if we go into settings here and we So, if we go into settings here and we So, if we go into settings here and we go to security, what you're going to see go to security, what you're going to see go to security, what you're going to see is that this is where you can select the is that this is where you can select the is that this is where you can select the kind of authentication you want. And you kind of authentication you want. And you kind of authentication you want. And you can see here that you can do no can see here that you can do no can see here that you can do no authentication, authenticate with authentication, authenticate with authentication, authenticate with Microsoft, which is the default, which Microsoft, which is the default, which Microsoft, which is the default, which is Entra ID. And this will make it where is Entra ID. And this will make it where is Entra ID. And this will make it where you get SSO for Teams, SharePoint, Power you get SSO for Teams, SharePoint, Power you get SSO for Teams, SharePoint, Power Apps, M365 C-pilot. But if you need a Apps, M365 C-pilot. But if you need a Apps, M365 C-pilot. But if you need a custom channel and custom off, you're custom channel and custom off, you're custom channel and custom off, you're going to have to go to authenticate going to have to go to authenticate going to have to go to authenticate manually. And you'll see here that manually. And you'll see here that manually. And you'll see here that you'll have to go through the process of you'll have to go through the process of you'll have to go through the process of setting that up uh inside of Copilot setting that up uh inside of Copilot setting that up uh inside of Copilot Studio. Now, when we go back to looking Studio. Now, when we go back to looking Studio. Now, when we go back to looking at our different channels and in this I at our different channels and in this I at our different channels and in this I can choose the teams and M365 copilot can choose the teams and M365 copilot can choose the teams and M365 copilot channel. You can see here I can make the channel. You can see here I can make the channel. You can see here I can make the agent available and I could remove the agent available and I could remove the agent available and I could remove the channel and such. But you'll see here channel and such. But you'll see here channel and such. But you'll see here that you have to publish. So, if we want that you have to publish. So, if we want that you have to publish. So, if we want to go in, I can publish. I can even to go in, I can publish. I can even to go in, I can publish. I can even force the newest version down into the force the newest version down into the force the newest version down into the the channel. So, if you have a uh agent the channel. So, if you have a uh agent the channel. So, if you have a uh agent where you're updating it inside of the where you're updating it inside of the where you're updating it inside of the M365 C-pilot or inside of Teams, you M365 C-pilot or inside of Teams, you M365 C-pilot or inside of Teams, you might actually want to go through that might actually want to go through that might actually want to go through that process to be able to force the manifest process to be able to force the manifest process to be able to force the manifest update to force it to go through. So, update to force it to go through. So, update to force it to go through. So, now that we've gotten all of this now that we've gotten all of this now that we've gotten all of this published, what you're going to see is published, what you're going to see is published, what you're going to see is that I can go in and I could take a look that I can go in and I could take a look that I can go in and I could take a look and be able to see this team see this in and be able to see this team see this in and be able to see this team see this in Teams. And we'll go ahead and take a Teams. And we'll go ahead and take a Teams. And we'll go ahead and take a look at this inside of Teams. look at this inside of Teams. look at this inside of Teams. And we'll just use the web app here so And we'll just use the web app here so And we'll just use the web app here so that that way we can go see it inside of that that way we can go see it inside of that that way we can go see it inside of Teams. And now what you can see is we have our And now what you can see is we have our And now what you can see is we have our co-pilot studio guide that's available co-pilot studio guide that's available co-pilot studio guide that's available here for us to be able to go in and add. here for us to be able to go in and add. here for us to be able to go in and add. It just takes a second for it to be able It just takes a second for it to be able It just takes a second for it to be able to add the additional part for us to be to add the additional part for us to be to add the additional part for us to be able to say that we want to add it. able to say that we want to add it. able to say that we want to add it. And here you go. I can actually add it And here you go. I can actually add it And here you go. I can actually add it in. And now my agent that I created, not in. And now my agent that I created, not in. And now my agent that I created, not only is it published and made available only is it published and made available only is it published and made available for us to be able to use, I've actually for us to be able to use, I've actually for us to be able to use, I've actually got it now where I'm adding it into got it now where I'm adding it into got it now where I'm adding it into Teams to be able to allow me to be able Teams to be able to allow me to be able Teams to be able to allow me to be able to use this and be able to talk through to use this and be able to talk through to use this and be able to talk through it through Teams. And so we'll let it go it through Teams. And so we'll let it go it through Teams. And so we'll let it go ahead and do this. And we'll ask a ahead and do this. And we'll ask a ahead and do this. And we'll ask a question again to it. And we'll do that question again to it. And we'll do that question again to it. And we'll do that by just clicking open. And once we've by just clicking open. And once we've by just clicking open. And once we've added this in, you're going to see that added this in, you're going to see that added this in, you're going to see that our Copilot Studio guide is going to our Copilot Studio guide is going to our Copilot Studio guide is going to show up on the lefth hand rail here. show up on the lefth hand rail here. show up on the lefth hand rail here. And now we can start chatting with it. And now we can start chatting with it. And now we can start chatting with it. And now that we want to start chatting And now that we want to start chatting And now that we want to start chatting with it, I can come in and ask it a with it, I can come in and ask it a with it, I can come in and ask it a question that we've already asked in our question that we've already asked in our question that we've already asked in our demonstrations earlier. We'll have to demonstrations earlier. We'll have to demonstrations earlier. We'll have to ask it one more time just because I ask it one more time just because I ask it one more time just because I asked it before it initialized and asked it before it initialized and asked it before it initialized and connected. So once we ask it the connected. So once we ask it the connected. So once we ask it the question, you're going to see it come question, you're going to see it come question, you're going to see it come back and answer the question for us. back and answer the question for us. back and answer the question for us. So the first time that you add one in, So the first time that you add one in, So the first time that you add one in, just be aware it takes a second for it just be aware it takes a second for it just be aware it takes a second for it to initialize. So you need to wait for to initialize. So you need to wait for to initialize. So you need to wait for it to create the conversation ID. Go it to create the conversation ID. Go it to create the conversation ID. Go back to Copilot Studio for a second. And back to Copilot Studio for a second. And back to Copilot Studio for a second. And let's just take a look at one other let's just take a look at one other let's just take a look at one other thing, which is if you chose to be able thing, which is if you chose to be able thing, which is if you chose to be able to go in and do something, say, with to go in and do something, say, with to go in and do something, say, with Facebook Messenger, this is going to be Facebook Messenger, this is going to be Facebook Messenger, this is going to be where we would have to change the where we would have to change the where we would have to change the security settings to be able to allow us security settings to be able to allow us security settings to be able to allow us to be able to connect to something that to be able to connect to something that to be able to connect to something that is not using Entra ID. So, in my is not using Entra ID. So, in my is not using Entra ID. So, in my environment, I've got it set up where environment, I've got it set up where environment, I've got it set up where I'm only using the Entra ID I'm only using the Entra ID I'm only using the Entra ID implementation, but just know that you implementation, but just know that you implementation, but just know that you would have to change to an would have to change to an would have to change to an authentication provider that is authentication provider that is authentication provider that is supported for the channel because each supported for the channel because each supported for the channel because each of the different channels have different of the different channels have different of the different channels have different requirements that are associated to them requirements that are associated to them requirements that are associated to them that you will be needing to do in order that you will be needing to do in order that you will be needing to do in order to be able to do this. So, to be able to do this. So, to be able to do this. So, and for our last topic, we want to talk and for our last topic, we want to talk and for our last topic, we want to talk about analytics and the analytics about analytics and the analytics about analytics and the analytics overview of the capabilities of Copilot overview of the capabilities of Copilot overview of the capabilities of Copilot Studio. And this is going to be where Studio. And this is going to be where Studio. And this is going to be where you have a lot of different capabilities you have a lot of different capabilities you have a lot of different capabilities to be able to take a look at things. We to be able to take a look at things. We to be able to take a look at things. We have maker capabilities. So you can take have maker capabilities. So you can take have maker capabilities. So you can take a look and figure out how effective your a look and figure out how effective your a look and figure out how effective your particular agent is and whether or not particular agent is and whether or not particular agent is and whether or not uh it's being used, the satisfaction of uh it's being used, the satisfaction of uh it's being used, the satisfaction of it, the kind of activity that's it, the kind of activity that's it, the kind of activity that's happening within it. All of that type of happening within it. All of that type of happening within it. All of that type of stuff is going to be available in stuff is going to be available in stuff is going to be available in analytics. But you also have admin analytics. But you also have admin analytics. But you also have admin analytics where you can look at usage. analytics where you can look at usage. analytics where you can look at usage. You can look at license allocation You can look at license allocation You can look at license allocation uh suggested actions. We have security uh suggested actions. We have security uh suggested actions. We have security reviews as well as audit through purview reviews as well as audit through purview reviews as well as audit through purview so that you can go in and audit what all so that you can go in and audit what all so that you can go in and audit what all is going on in your environment. Now as is going on in your environment. Now as is going on in your environment. Now as far as telemetry, we have full agent far as telemetry, we have full agent far as telemetry, we have full agent telemetry that's going on and that's telemetry that's going on and that's telemetry that's going on and that's stored in our telemetry store. And so stored in our telemetry store. And so stored in our telemetry store. And so one of the things I'll show you in the one of the things I'll show you in the one of the things I'll show you in the demo coming up is I'll show you some of demo coming up is I'll show you some of demo coming up is I'll show you some of these different aspects of it just to these different aspects of it just to these different aspects of it just to give you a perspective of all the give you a perspective of all the give you a perspective of all the different capabilities that are different capabilities that are different capabilities that are available in the analytics portions of available in the analytics portions of available in the analytics portions of Copilot Studio. It's not holistic, but I Copilot Studio. It's not holistic, but I Copilot Studio. It's not holistic, but I have a whole channel and we're already have a whole channel and we're already have a whole channel and we're already an hour and a half in. So I'll just kind an hour and a half in. So I'll just kind an hour and a half in. So I'll just kind of summarize it up for you to be able to of summarize it up for you to be able to of summarize it up for you to be able to let you see it. So let's take a look. let you see it. So let's take a look. let you see it. So let's take a look. So the first thing to know is that when So the first thing to know is that when So the first thing to know is that when you want to be able to go take a look at you want to be able to go take a look at you want to be able to go take a look at the analytics in copilot studio first of the analytics in copilot studio first of the analytics in copilot studio first of all we would have had to have published all we would have had to have published all we would have had to have published our agent and you can see that we have our agent and you can see that we have our agent and you can see that we have publish the agent like we did in the publish the agent like we did in the publish the agent like we did in the channels earlier. So once you've done channels earlier. So once you've done channels earlier. So once you've done that in your analytics you're going to that in your analytics you're going to that in your analytics you're going to start seeing it fill in information. Now start seeing it fill in information. Now start seeing it fill in information. Now our particular implementation here we our particular implementation here we our particular implementation here we just published it. So and we have to just published it. So and we have to just published it. So and we have to have activity going against it. in my have activity going against it. in my have activity going against it. in my demo environment, I would have to demo environment, I would have to demo environment, I would have to generate a lot of data that goes against generate a lot of data that goes against generate a lot of data that goes against it and to be able to actually let you it and to be able to actually let you it and to be able to actually let you see it. But let's just kind of take a see it. But let's just kind of take a see it. But let's just kind of take a look at what you might see. One is you look at what you might see. One is you look at what you might see. One is you can actually come in and calculate the can actually come in and calculate the can actually come in and calculate the savings uh that you're going to be savings uh that you're going to be savings uh that you're going to be getting off your agent if you can getting off your agent if you can getting off your agent if you can understand how you might want to be able understand how you might want to be able understand how you might want to be able to calculate that. And then we can also to calculate that. And then we can also to calculate that. And then we can also come in and look at the effectiveness of come in and look at the effectiveness of come in and look at the effectiveness of an agent and be able to even look at an agent and be able to even look at an agent and be able to even look at details to see whether these things are details to see whether these things are details to see whether these things are being resolved, escalated or abandoned. being resolved, escalated or abandoned. being resolved, escalated or abandoned. Now just be aware that this is primarily Now just be aware that this is primarily Now just be aware that this is primarily made for classic mode. So don't made for classic mode. So don't made for classic mode. So don't overindex on this particular one on the overindex on this particular one on the overindex on this particular one on the effectiveness layer. We also have in the effectiveness layer. We also have in the effectiveness layer. We also have in the agents performance of your child or agents performance of your child or agents performance of your child or connected agent. So if you notice we've connected agent. So if you notice we've connected agent. So if you notice we've got care prompt guidance as a child. got care prompt guidance as a child. got care prompt guidance as a child. You'll see what the success rate things You'll see what the success rate things You'll see what the success rate things of that nature coming back. We'll also of that nature coming back. We'll also of that nature coming back. We'll also start to see the use information where start to see the use information where start to see the use information where we can say well what's the quality of we can say well what's the quality of we can say well what's the quality of these responses. And if you notice that these responses. And if you notice that these responses. And if you notice that we can go in to see details. You can we can go in to see details. You can we can go in to see details. You can look at the main agent. You can look at look at the main agent. You can look at look at the main agent. You can look at the child agent. You can look at all of the child agent. You can look at all of the child agent. You can look at all of it. You can come in and actually see it. You can come in and actually see it. You can come in and actually see where the sources that are generating uh where the sources that are generating uh where the sources that are generating uh answers and what the percentage is and answers and what the percentage is and answers and what the percentage is and where it's going. You can even look at where it's going. You can even look at where it's going. You can even look at errors and what's happening in that errors and what's happening in that errors and what's happening in that aspect of it. Again, lots of great data aspect of it. Again, lots of great data aspect of it. Again, lots of great data that you can go get from here. The other that you can go get from here. The other that you can go get from here. The other thing is is that we can go into looking thing is is that we can go into looking thing is is that we can go into looking at the tools. And if you think about it, at the tools. And if you think about it, at the tools. And if you think about it, we've got all these different tools we've got all these different tools we've got all these different tools where up here we're talking about uh the where up here we're talking about uh the where up here we're talking about uh the answers and the way that things are answers and the way that things are answers and the way that things are being generated and kind of knowledge being generated and kind of knowledge being generated and kind of knowledge and how that's performing. But over and how that's performing. But over and how that's performing. But over here, we're going to be able to look and here, we're going to be able to look and here, we're going to be able to look and even see more. We're going to be able to even see more. We're going to be able to even see more. We're going to be able to see how the tools are working. And you see how the tools are working. And you see how the tools are working. And you can see here getting current weather, can see here getting current weather, can see here getting current weather, the prompt analyzer, whether or not the prompt analyzer, whether or not the prompt analyzer, whether or not that's main agent or child agent that's main agent or child agent that's main agent or child agent capabilities. Again, all of this capabilities. Again, all of this capabilities. Again, all of this information at your fingertips as the information at your fingertips as the information at your fingertips as the maker. The other thing is is that you maker. The other thing is is that you maker. The other thing is is that you can see here uh reactions and user can see here uh reactions and user can see here uh reactions and user satisfaction by session. You can see uh satisfaction by session. You can see uh satisfaction by session. You can see uh details on this to see how people are uh details on this to see how people are uh details on this to see how people are uh responding, whether or not they are responding, whether or not they are responding, whether or not they are happy or they're not happy and what happy or they're not happy and what happy or they're not happy and what their satisfaction scores are. This is their satisfaction scores are. This is their satisfaction scores are. This is really where you get into the thumbs ups really where you get into the thumbs ups really where you get into the thumbs ups and the thumbs down uh that you're and the thumbs down uh that you're and the thumbs down uh that you're getting on your agent when you deploy getting on your agent when you deploy getting on your agent when you deploy it, assuming your channel supports that. it, assuming your channel supports that. it, assuming your channel supports that. So, these are going to be super So, these are going to be super So, these are going to be super important capabilities that you're going important capabilities that you're going important capabilities that you're going to want to be aware of. But the other to want to be aware of. But the other to want to be aware of. But the other thing is is that there's also something thing is is that there's also something thing is is that there's also something called evaluations. And I'm going to do called evaluations. And I'm going to do called evaluations. And I'm going to do a dedicated video on evaluations for you a dedicated video on evaluations for you a dedicated video on evaluations for you to be able to understand. But at a high to be able to understand. But at a high to be able to understand. But at a high level, it's going to give you the level, it's going to give you the level, it's going to give you the ability to create test sets to be able ability to create test sets to be able ability to create test sets to be able to go and evaluate and see how your to go and evaluate and see how your to go and evaluate and see how your agents performing against those test agents performing against those test agents performing against those test sets. So, I'm not going to go into that sets. So, I'm not going to go into that sets. So, I'm not going to go into that specifically right now because I'm going specifically right now because I'm going specifically right now because I'm going to show you a couple of other things. to show you a couple of other things. to show you a couple of other things. What I'm going to go into is I'm going What I'm going to go into is I'm going What I'm going to go into is I'm going to go and look at the gear here and I'm to go and look at the gear here and I'm to go and look at the gear here and I'm open the Power Platform admin center. open the Power Platform admin center. open the Power Platform admin center. So, there's a couple of things a lot of So, there's a couple of things a lot of So, there's a couple of things a lot of people ask for. First of all, when you people ask for. First of all, when you people ask for. First of all, when you launch this, you're going to get right launch this, you're going to get right launch this, you're going to get right into Copilot Studio and you're going to into Copilot Studio and you're going to into Copilot Studio and you're going to start seeing information about how your start seeing information about how your start seeing information about how your build messages and your agents and how build messages and your agents and how build messages and your agents and how you're performing from that perspective. you're performing from that perspective. you're performing from that perspective. You'll be able to see a security review, You'll be able to see a security review, You'll be able to see a security review, monitor the health and things of this monitor the health and things of this monitor the health and things of this nature. And all of this is great, but nature. And all of this is great, but nature. And all of this is great, but there's also something that a lot of there's also something that a lot of there's also something that a lot of people ask for, and that is if you go to people ask for, and that is if you go to people ask for, and that is if you go to manage and you go into Copilot Studio, manage and you go into Copilot Studio, manage and you go into Copilot Studio, this is going to give you a list of all this is going to give you a list of all this is going to give you a list of all agents in your entire environment. So, agents in your entire environment. So, agents in your entire environment. So, you're going to and you're going to be you're going to and you're going to be you're going to and you're going to be able to look at those and be able to able to look at those and be able to able to look at those and be able to have a full view. But it's not actually have a full view. But it's not actually have a full view. But it's not actually just your entire environment. It's your just your entire environment. It's your just your entire environment. It's your entire tenant. You can see I've got entire tenant. You can see I've got entire tenant. You can see I've got multiple different environments in this multiple different environments in this multiple different environments in this tenant and I can see when they were tenant and I can see when they were tenant and I can see when they were created. I can sort them. I can do all created. I can sort them. I can do all created. I can sort them. I can do all of those different things. We can look of those different things. We can look of those different things. We can look at agentic flows. We can look at classic at agentic flows. We can look at classic at agentic flows. We can look at classic chat bots and things of that nature. So chat bots and things of that nature. So chat bots and things of that nature. So again, these all are going to be put again, these all are going to be put again, these all are going to be put into a central view for you to be able into a central view for you to be able into a central view for you to be able to go in and look at those and be able to go in and look at those and be able to go in and look at those and be able to get additional information. This was to get additional information. This was to get additional information. This was a big ask for a lot of customers. Now, a big ask for a lot of customers. Now, a big ask for a lot of customers. Now, the other thing that I wanted to show the other thing that I wanted to show the other thing that I wanted to show you is I wanted to show you Purview. So, you is I wanted to show you Purview. So, you is I wanted to show you Purview. So, if you don't know how to get to Purview, if you don't know how to get to Purview, if you don't know how to get to Purview, I'll go ahead and show you really quick. I'll go ahead and show you really quick. I'll go ahead and show you really quick. If you just go to purview.microsoft.com, what'll happen is it'll take you to the what'll happen is it'll take you to the what'll happen is it'll take you to the purview portal. And once you're in the purview portal. And once you're in the purview portal. And once you're in the preview port, the purview portal, you go preview port, the purview portal, you go preview port, the purview portal, you go under solutions and you go under audit. under solutions and you go under audit. under solutions and you go under audit. And once you're under audit, what's And once you're under audit, what's And once you're under audit, what's going to happen is you're going to be going to happen is you're going to be going to happen is you're going to be able to see that you can go and you can able to see that you can go and you can able to see that you can go and you can create searches against audits that you create searches against audits that you create searches against audits that you want to do against your environment. And want to do against your environment. And want to do against your environment. And the way that you can do that is you can the way that you can do that is you can the way that you can do that is you can see you can set dates and things of that see you can set dates and things of that see you can set dates and things of that nature. You can also see that we have nature. You can also see that we have nature. You can also see that we have different activities to choose from. And different activities to choose from. And different activities to choose from. And if you go in here and you type co-pilot, if you go in here and you type co-pilot, if you go in here and you type co-pilot, you're going to see that here are all you're going to see that here are all you're going to see that here are all the different ones. in the power the different ones. in the power the different ones. in the power platform copilot bot management platform copilot bot management platform copilot bot management operations created copilot deleted operations created copilot deleted operations created copilot deleted you've got all these different pieces you've got all these different pieces you've got all these different pieces that you can go and audit against and that you can go and audit against and that you can go and audit against and what will happen is we can continue to what will happen is we can continue to what will happen is we can continue to refresh you can see that I've already refresh you can see that I've already refresh you can see that I've already created one where I could come in and I created one where I could come in and I created one where I could come in and I could choose that you know I'm looking could choose that you know I'm looking could choose that you know I'm looking for all the published items that for all the published items that for all the published items that happened on this date and I could give happened on this date and I could give happened on this date and I could give it a name like published it a name like published it a name like published uh it you know agents on uh it you know agents on uh it you know agents on 6 through 7. And once I do this and I 6 through 7. And once I do this and I 6 through 7. And once I do this and I create it and I say search, it's going create it and I say search, it's going create it and I say search, it's going to show it down here in the bottom. And to show it down here in the bottom. And to show it down here in the bottom. And we're going to be able to see that this we're going to be able to see that this we're going to be able to see that this one is cued and this one is in progress. one is cued and this one is in progress. one is cued and this one is in progress. Now, know that these things batch up and Now, know that these things batch up and Now, know that these things batch up and it takes some time for these things to it takes some time for these things to it takes some time for these things to go. You can see this one's actually been go. You can see this one's actually been go. You can see this one's actually been running for about 12 minutes. So, I'll running for about 12 minutes. So, I'll running for about 12 minutes. So, I'll speed up the video so that you guys can speed up the video so that you guys can speed up the video so that you guys can see the result of this uh really quick. see the result of this uh really quick. see the result of this uh really quick. So, as you can see now, what we were So, as you can see now, what we were So, as you can see now, what we were able to do is get this to run, but it able to do is get this to run, but it able to do is get this to run, but it took over three hours for us to be able took over three hours for us to be able took over three hours for us to be able to get this response. So, don't think to get this response. So, don't think to get this response. So, don't think that this is something you can do really that this is something you can do really that this is something you can do really quickly, but you can batch this type of quickly, but you can batch this type of quickly, but you can batch this type of stuff up. And as you can see now, what stuff up. And as you can see now, what stuff up. And as you can see now, what we have is we have a whole lot of we have is we have a whole lot of we have is we have a whole lot of different pieces of information with a different pieces of information with a different pieces of information with a full audit log of what happened in full audit log of what happened in full audit log of what happened in Copilot Studio since November in this Copilot Studio since November in this Copilot Studio since November in this particular environment. you're going to particular environment. you're going to particular environment. you're going to see that I can scroll through and get see that I can scroll through and get see that I can scroll through and get all the information, all the stuff that all the information, all the stuff that all the information, all the stuff that was going on. This was actually a bot was going on. This was actually a bot was going on. This was actually a bot component update that happened within component update that happened within component update that happened within this. And so, as you can see, you can do this. And so, as you can see, you can do this. And so, as you can see, you can do full audit logging of Copilot Studio full audit logging of Copilot Studio full audit logging of Copilot Studio through this particular tool. Well, I through this particular tool. Well, I through this particular tool. Well, I hope you enjoyed this video today. And hope you enjoyed this video today. And hope you enjoyed this video today. And it it's a little bit of a longwind, I it it's a little bit of a longwind, I it it's a little bit of a longwind, I understand, but you guys said you wanted understand, but you guys said you wanted understand, but you guys said you wanted this one. So, for more videos like this, this one. So, for more videos like this, this one. So, for more videos like this, make sure you like and subscribe to my make sure you like and subscribe to my make sure you like and subscribe to my channel. And as always, you can try channel. And as always, you can try channel. And as always, you can try Copilot Studio at aka.mry Copilot Studio at aka.mry Copilot Studio at aka.mry Copilot Studio.
