So for those of you who like coding with So for those of you who like coding with So for those of you who like coding with cursor, cursor 3 just came out and this cursor, cursor 3 just came out and this cursor, cursor 3 just came out and this is a pivotal change of the user is a pivotal change of the user is a pivotal change of the user experience of how we do coding. If experience of how we do coding. If experience of how we do coding. If you've been coding for a while, you know you've been coding for a while, you know you've been coding for a while, you know that the traditional way is managing that the traditional way is managing that the traditional way is managing your file on the left with like a file your file on the left with like a file your file on the left with like a file tree browser and then you actually edit tree browser and then you actually edit tree browser and then you actually edit the code files. But now with agentic the code files. But now with agentic the code files. But now with agentic coding becoming more prevalent and also coding becoming more prevalent and also coding becoming more prevalent and also the models are becoming much more the models are becoming much more the models are becoming much more powerful and intelligent, it makes sense powerful and intelligent, it makes sense powerful and intelligent, it makes sense to kind of shift the way that we do to kind of shift the way that we do to kind of shift the way that we do coding to focus more on managing coding to focus more on managing coding to focus more on managing multiple projects, having concurrent multiple projects, having concurrent multiple projects, having concurrent agents running and kind of center around agents running and kind of center around agents running and kind of center around that user experience. So what I'm going that user experience. So what I'm going that user experience. So what I'm going to show you in this video is kind of to show you in this video is kind of to show you in this video is kind of giving an overview of cursor 3 and the giving an overview of cursor 3 and the giving an overview of cursor 3 and the changes based on what cursor used to be. changes based on what cursor used to be. changes based on what cursor used to be. But before I dive into that, I do want But before I dive into that, I do want But before I dive into that, I do want to say I have a course called agentic to say I have a course called agentic to say I have a course called agentic jumpstart. You can go to jumpstart. You can go to jumpstart. You can go to agenticjumpstart.com where I have over agenticjumpstart.com where I have over agenticjumpstart.com where I have over 13 hours of content teaching cursor, 13 hours of content teaching cursor, 13 hours of content teaching cursor, teaching cloud code, teaching how to do teaching cloud code, teaching how to do teaching cloud code, teaching how to do prompting and all these other things prompting and all these other things prompting and all these other things that you're going to need when you're that you're going to need when you're that you're going to need when you're dealing with agentic coding. So go check dealing with agentic coding. So go check dealing with agentic coding. So go check out agenticjumpstart.com. I do think out agenticjumpstart.com. I do think out agenticjumpstart.com. I do think it's a great value to really jumpstart it's a great value to really jumpstart it's a great value to really jumpstart your agentic coding abilities. So going your agentic coding abilities. So going your agentic coding abilities. So going back to cursor, I have the cursor 3 back to cursor, I have the cursor 3 back to cursor, I have the cursor 3 already set up over here and you can see already set up over here and you can see already set up over here and you can see I have a couple of projects. So the I have a couple of projects. So the I have a couple of projects. So the first thing I want to point out, with first thing I want to point out, with first thing I want to point out, with agentic coding you are able to move a agentic coding you are able to move a agentic coding you are able to move a lot faster by working on many projects lot faster by working on many projects lot faster by working on many projects concurrently. So typically I have like concurrently. So typically I have like concurrently. So typically I have like two or three projects and I'll kick off two or three projects and I'll kick off two or three projects and I'll kick off various prompts and as long as those various prompts and as long as those various prompts and as long as those projects are running on different ports, projects are running on different ports, projects are running on different ports, you can actually have them loaded up and you can actually have them loaded up and you can actually have them loaded up and you can easily test those changes in you can easily test those changes in you can easily test those changes in your browser at the same time. So in my your browser at the same time. So in my your browser at the same time. So in my case, I have an iron bound Godot game case, I have an iron bound Godot game case, I have an iron bound Godot game I've been kind of working on and after I've been kind of working on and after I've been kind of working on and after you add your projects, you can simply you add your projects, you can simply you add your projects, you can simply just kick off a new agent right here and just kick off a new agent right here and just kick off a new agent right here and you can type in your traditional prompt you can type in your traditional prompt you can type in your traditional prompt inside the agent panel. Nothing much has inside the agent panel. Nothing much has inside the agent panel. Nothing much has changed about this. A lot of the stuff changed about this. A lot of the stuff changed about this. A lot of the stuff is still the same. It's more of a shift is still the same. It's more of a shift is still the same. It's more of a shift where these things actually live. For where these things actually live. For where these things actually live. For example, you can select your models down example, you can select your models down example, you can select your models down here. I typically use composer 2 fast here. I typically use composer 2 fast here. I typically use composer 2 fast for everything now. I do think it's my for everything now. I do think it's my for everything now. I do think it's my favorite model and then if it can't get favorite model and then if it can't get favorite model and then if it can't get the job done, I will switch to GPT 5.4. the job done, I will switch to GPT 5.4. the job done, I will switch to GPT 5.4. I'm using cloud code and opus less and I'm using cloud code and opus less and I'm using cloud code and opus less and less these days. I do think it's still less these days. I do think it's still less these days. I do think it's still useful but I've been kind of pivoting to useful but I've been kind of pivoting to useful but I've been kind of pivoting to use just you know, stuff directly inside use just you know, stuff directly inside use just you know, stuff directly inside of cursor which I think is a better user of cursor which I think is a better user of cursor which I think is a better user experience. Um but once you actually experience. Um but once you actually experience. Um but once you actually have your project selected, you can kick have your project selected, you can kick have your project selected, you can kick off a traditional prompt. off a traditional prompt. off a traditional prompt. Okay, so for example, here is a small Okay, so for example, here is a small Okay, so for example, here is a small little game I've been kind of working on little game I've been kind of working on little game I've been kind of working on a top-down mining sim game and there's a a top-down mining sim game and there's a a top-down mining sim game and there's a little bug in this game like when I'm little bug in this game like when I'm little bug in this game like when I'm walking around, sometimes the player walking around, sometimes the player walking around, sometimes the player will face up when he's like walking will face up when he's like walking will face up when he's like walking down. Like for example, when I go in down. Like for example, when I go in down. Like for example, when I go in this angle over here. So I'm probably this angle over here. So I'm probably this angle over here. So I'm probably going to try to prompt this to see if it going to try to prompt this to see if it going to try to prompt this to see if it can fix it and we're going to be using can fix it and we're going to be using can fix it and we're going to be using GPT 5.4 to fix that. Okay, I'm going to GPT 5.4 to fix that. Okay, I'm going to GPT 5.4 to fix that. Okay, I'm going to take this screenshot of how I want the take this screenshot of how I want the take this screenshot of how I want the actual like directions to work. So I actual like directions to work. So I actual like directions to work. So I have a circle that's kind of divided have a circle that's kind of divided have a circle that's kind of divided into four sections, up, down, left, into four sections, up, down, left, into four sections, up, down, left, right. I'm going to take this screenshot right. I'm going to take this screenshot right. I'm going to take this screenshot and I'm going to drop it over here into and I'm going to drop it over here into and I'm going to drop it over here into the panel. I will use GPT 5.4 cuz I do the panel. I will use GPT 5.4 cuz I do the panel. I will use GPT 5.4 cuz I do think uh this is a kind of a challenging think uh this is a kind of a challenging think uh this is a kind of a challenging bug that composer 2 fast wasn't able to bug that composer 2 fast wasn't able to bug that composer 2 fast wasn't able to get. get. get. Right now there seems to be a bug when I Right now there seems to be a bug when I Right now there seems to be a bug when I try to walk around, sometimes the player try to walk around, sometimes the player try to walk around, sometimes the player will face will face will face up when I'm actually walking down. Can up when I'm actually walking down. Can up when I'm actually walking down. Can you go and re-evaluate the the angles you go and re-evaluate the the angles you go and re-evaluate the the angles and the directions of how this is all and the directions of how this is all and the directions of how this is all set up with the sprite animations and set up with the sprite animations and set up with the sprite animations and try to make sure it's accurate. See the try to make sure it's accurate. See the try to make sure it's accurate. See the attached image. I want those angles in attached image. I want those angles in attached image. I want those angles in the image to kind of represent when the the image to kind of represent when the the image to kind of represent when the player should be looking up, left, down player should be looking up, left, down player should be looking up, left, down or right. So a little bug in my game, I or right. So a little bug in my game, I or right. So a little bug in my game, I can go ahead and kick this one off. Now can go ahead and kick this one off. Now can go ahead and kick this one off. Now sometimes you can go to plan mode, so sometimes you can go to plan mode, so sometimes you can go to plan mode, so shift tab will take you in the plan mode shift tab will take you in the plan mode shift tab will take you in the plan mode if you want, which sometimes is better if you want, which sometimes is better if you want, which sometimes is better to plan something out cuz it kind of to plan something out cuz it kind of to plan something out cuz it kind of lets the model think a little bit more lets the model think a little bit more lets the model think a little bit more thoroughly about the bug. So maybe I'll thoroughly about the bug. So maybe I'll thoroughly about the bug. So maybe I'll kick off a plan mode and we can kind of kick off a plan mode and we can kind of kick off a plan mode and we can kind of look at how that kind of works. Okay, so look at how that kind of works. Okay, so look at how that kind of works. Okay, so the plan is done. Now you could probably the plan is done. Now you could probably the plan is done. Now you could probably read through this and make sure that the read through this and make sure that the read through this and make sure that the angles are correct but I'm just going to angles are correct but I'm just going to angles are correct but I'm just going to go ahead and kick off the build for go ahead and kick off the build for go ahead and kick off the build for this. Now sometimes I will switch it to this. Now sometimes I will switch it to this. Now sometimes I will switch it to composer 2 fast after I plan it with um composer 2 fast after I plan it with um composer 2 fast after I plan it with um you know, a more intelligent model so you know, a more intelligent model so you know, a more intelligent model so that I can just kind of implement it that I can just kind of implement it that I can just kind of implement it faster. faster. faster. Uh so we'll kind of do that and see if Uh so we'll kind of do that and see if Uh so we'll kind of do that and see if it actually fixes our issue but let's go it actually fixes our issue but let's go it actually fixes our issue but let's go back to kind of checking out the changes back to kind of checking out the changes back to kind of checking out the changes of this right panel. So this is how you of this right panel. So this is how you of this right panel. So this is how you can actually go and view all your file can actually go and view all your file can actually go and view all your file changes. This is like your get diff changes. This is like your get diff changes. This is like your get diff view. You can click in the files, you view. You can click in the files, you view. You can click in the files, you can actually review what's changed. You can actually review what's changed. You can actually review what's changed. You can click them as reviewed and stage can click them as reviewed and stage can click them as reviewed and stage them to your you know, your get stage. them to your you know, your get stage. them to your you know, your get stage. And then also you can commit them and And then also you can commit them and And then also you can commit them and push them directly to your repo if you push them directly to your repo if you push them directly to your repo if you want to. want to. want to. Uh over here you have the browser. So if Uh over here you have the browser. So if Uh over here you have the browser. So if you are working on a web application you are working on a web application you are working on a web application which in this particular example, I'm which in this particular example, I'm which in this particular example, I'm not, you can open up a web browser and not, you can open up a web browser and not, you can open up a web browser and do your inline editing there. Maybe I'll do your inline editing there. Maybe I'll do your inline editing there. Maybe I'll show that in a second. And then of show that in a second. And then of show that in a second. And then of course you have your traditional course you have your traditional course you have your traditional terminal. If you want to run some terminal. If you want to run some terminal. If you want to run some commands or start up a service, you can commands or start up a service, you can commands or start up a service, you can do that here inside your terminals. I do do that here inside your terminals. I do do that here inside your terminals. I do believe you can make a multiple believe you can make a multiple believe you can make a multiple terminals. Yeah, so this is a list of terminals. Yeah, so this is a list of terminals. Yeah, so this is a list of multiple terminals. You can go ahead and multiple terminals. You can go ahead and multiple terminals. You can go ahead and open up more if you want. But overall, open up more if you want. But overall, open up more if you want. But overall, it's kind of like your IDE like you it's kind of like your IDE like you it's kind of like your IDE like you know, your traditional VS code or cursor know, your traditional VS code or cursor know, your traditional VS code or cursor IDE but stuff has just been kind of IDE but stuff has just been kind of IDE but stuff has just been kind of shifted around. Now if you want to view shifted around. Now if you want to view shifted around. Now if you want to view all your files, you can click on the all your files, you can click on the all your files, you can click on the file icon and you can still look at your file icon and you can still look at your file icon and you can still look at your project this way but overall, I mean project this way but overall, I mean project this way but overall, I mean this is probably the main view you're this is probably the main view you're this is probably the main view you're going to want to watch, the get diff and going to want to watch, the get diff and going to want to watch, the get diff and then also any of your plans that might then also any of your plans that might then also any of your plans that might pop up over here. So it's done running pop up over here. So it's done running pop up over here. So it's done running the plan and implementing it. Let's go the plan and implementing it. Let's go the plan and implementing it. Let's go back to our game and see if it fixes back to our game and see if it fixes back to our game and see if it fixes that. Now in Godot, you have to restart that. Now in Godot, you have to restart that. Now in Godot, you have to restart it to kind of like get it working. So it to kind of like get it working. So it to kind of like get it working. So let's kind of click around and see. All let's kind of click around and see. All let's kind of click around and see. All right, so playing around with this, it right, so playing around with this, it right, so playing around with this, it does look like the angles are working does look like the angles are working does look like the angles are working but for some reason it's using the wrong but for some reason it's using the wrong but for some reason it's using the wrong um directions now. So I'm going to go um directions now. So I'm going to go um directions now. So I'm going to go back and try to just do another back and try to just do another back and try to just do another follow-up prompt on this so we can follow-up prompt on this so we can follow-up prompt on this so we can actually close out this plan. I think actually close out this plan. I think actually close out this plan. I think the issue is the sprite setup. Um so row the issue is the sprite setup. Um so row the issue is the sprite setup. Um so row zero is down. Let's see, row zero, one, zero is down. Let's see, row zero, one, zero is down. Let's see, row zero, one, two, three, four. So row four is down, two, three, four. So row four is down, two, three, four. So row four is down, row five is up, row six is right, row row five is up, row six is right, row row five is up, row six is right, row seven is left. Let's just go ahead and seven is left. Let's just go ahead and seven is left. Let's just go ahead and kick off that. I think it got a little kick off that. I think it got a little kick off that. I think it got a little bit confused at some point. I'm not sure bit confused at some point. I'm not sure bit confused at some point. I'm not sure how it kind of how it kind of how it kind of got lost in the sauce there but let's got lost in the sauce there but let's got lost in the sauce there but let's just go ahead and let this fix my issue. just go ahead and let this fix my issue. just go ahead and let this fix my issue. Um then when it's done, what we get to Um then when it's done, what we get to Um then when it's done, what we get to kind of show you is the commit and the kind of show you is the commit and the kind of show you is the commit and the push. All right, let's see if this push. All right, let's see if this push. All right, let's see if this actually fixes it. Let's go back to the actually fixes it. Let's go back to the actually fixes it. Let's go back to the game one more time. We can just refresh game one more time. We can just refresh game one more time. We can just refresh it. it. it. New game and now it looks like the New game and now it looks like the New game and now it looks like the angles are working uh much better than angles are working uh much better than angles are working uh much better than they were. So I can actually walk down, they were. So I can actually walk down, they were. So I can actually walk down, left, uh up and left and right. Okay. left, uh up and left and right. Okay. left, uh up and left and right. Okay. Now over here, we're just going to Now over here, we're just going to Now over here, we're just going to commit and push this now and you'll see commit and push this now and you'll see commit and push this now and you'll see it's basically committing to my main it's basically committing to my main it's basically committing to my main branch already and then all my changes branch already and then all my changes branch already and then all my changes should be um actually I don't have an should be um actually I don't have an should be um actually I don't have an origin set up so I can't push. But now origin set up so I can't push. But now origin set up so I can't push. But now the changes have been persistent and we the changes have been persistent and we the changes have been persistent and we should be good to go. Now one thing I should be good to go. Now one thing I should be good to go. Now one thing I will say that's missing is that there's will say that's missing is that there's will say that's missing is that there's no way to kick off these things into no way to kick off these things into no way to kick off these things into work trees. You might have to like work trees. You might have to like work trees. You might have to like manually prompt it to do a work tree but manually prompt it to do a work tree but manually prompt it to do a work tree but in cursor, there was a work tree feature in cursor, there was a work tree feature in cursor, there was a work tree feature now it seems like it's gone. If you've now it seems like it's gone. If you've now it seems like it's gone. If you've used conductor or these other tools, used conductor or these other tools, used conductor or these other tools, typically you can actually do all this typically you can actually do all this typically you can actually do all this this work on different work trees. But this work on different work trees. But this work on different work trees. But overall, I like to just do everything on overall, I like to just do everything on overall, I like to just do everything on main for side projects and commit those main for side projects and commit those main for side projects and commit those along the way but on a larger scale along the way but on a larger scale along the way but on a larger scale project for example at work, typically project for example at work, typically project for example at work, typically you want to isolate your changes in you want to isolate your changes in you want to isolate your changes in separate branches and you can test them separate branches and you can test them separate branches and you can test them if you're doing a bunch of work. So if you're doing a bunch of work. So if you're doing a bunch of work. So that's something that is either I'm not that's something that is either I'm not that's something that is either I'm not finding it or it's just missing from finding it or it's just missing from finding it or it's just missing from this cursor 3 version right now but I'm this cursor 3 version right now but I'm this cursor 3 version right now but I'm sure it's going to come in the future at sure it's going to come in the future at sure it's going to come in the future at some point. All right, the last thing I some point. All right, the last thing I some point. All right, the last thing I want to demo is another project with the want to demo is another project with the want to demo is another project with the inline browser. So if I go back to Pixel inline browser. So if I go back to Pixel inline browser. So if I go back to Pixel Crafter, I'll make a new terminal over Crafter, I'll make a new terminal over Crafter, I'll make a new terminal over here. We can actually open this up and here. We can actually open this up and here. We can actually open this up and I'm going to say npm run dev to start my I'm going to say npm run dev to start my I'm going to say npm run dev to start my application and then we should be able application and then we should be able application and then we should be able to actually start prompting it right to actually start prompting it right to actually start prompting it right here inside of hit this if you want to. here inside of hit this if you want to. here inside of hit this if you want to. But the thing I want to kind of demo is But the thing I want to kind of demo is But the thing I want to kind of demo is now we have the application running, you now we have the application running, you now we have the application running, you can open it up inside of this inline can open it up inside of this inline can open it up inside of this inline browser over here. browser over here. browser over here. So you can use cursor 3 as your browser So you can use cursor 3 as your browser So you can use cursor 3 as your browser and kind of keeps you stuck in the same and kind of keeps you stuck in the same and kind of keeps you stuck in the same screen which is a nice user experience screen which is a nice user experience screen which is a nice user experience cuz before it's typically I'm doing a cuz before it's typically I'm doing a cuz before it's typically I'm doing a bunch of like screen shifting like this. bunch of like screen shifting like this. bunch of like screen shifting like this. But now I can actually just like pick on But now I can actually just like pick on But now I can actually just like pick on different things. If you enter design different things. If you enter design different things. If you enter design mode, you can then start clicking on mode, you can then start clicking on mode, you can then start clicking on different nodes and those automatically different nodes and those automatically different nodes and those automatically get added. For example, if I wanted to get added. For example, if I wanted to get added. For example, if I wanted to click on uh this bottom panel which I click on uh this bottom panel which I click on uh this bottom panel which I guess I can't for some reason. I'm not guess I can't for some reason. I'm not guess I can't for some reason. I'm not sure what's going on there but if I were sure what's going on there but if I were sure what's going on there but if I were to click on I don't know, this panel, um to click on I don't know, this panel, um to click on I don't know, this panel, um I can actually start doing inline edits I can actually start doing inline edits I can actually start doing inline edits and tell cursor to change just this and tell cursor to change just this and tell cursor to change just this modal or just this panel or just this modal or just this panel or just this modal or just this panel or just this bottom thing. Now this already kind of bottom thing. Now this already kind of bottom thing. Now this already kind of existed in cursor 2 but it's just kind existed in cursor 2 but it's just kind existed in cursor 2 but it's just kind of a different design of how it kind of of a different design of how it kind of of a different design of how it kind of works. So definitely check out these works. So definitely check out these works. So definitely check out these features. You also have your dev tools. features. You also have your dev tools. features. You also have your dev tools. You can go through here like a You can go through here like a You can go through here like a traditional looking at your network tab traditional looking at your network tab traditional looking at your network tab to see what request the browser made to see what request the browser made to see what request the browser made etc. Yeah, I think that's about the main etc. Yeah, I think that's about the main etc. Yeah, I think that's about the main updates with cursor 3. The main updates with cursor 3. The main updates with cursor 3. The main shortcuts you want to remember is shortcuts you want to remember is shortcuts you want to remember is command B to toggle out this left panel, command B to toggle out this left panel, command B to toggle out this left panel, command shift P to make a new cursor command shift P to make a new cursor command shift P to make a new cursor agent. I don't think I talked about this agent. I don't think I talked about this agent. I don't think I talked about this but command shift P lets you just but command shift P lets you just but command shift P lets you just basically quickly open up a new agent basically quickly open up a new agent basically quickly open up a new agent panel. Uh after I've done that, I can't panel. Uh after I've done that, I can't panel. Uh after I've done that, I can't do it again for some reason so that do it again for some reason so that do it again for some reason so that might be a little bug with uh cursor might be a little bug with uh cursor might be a little bug with uh cursor they got to fix. But hopefully you guys they got to fix. But hopefully you guys they got to fix. But hopefully you guys enjoyed this video. Let me know if enjoyed this video. Let me know if enjoyed this video. Let me know if there's a feature that I missed. Other there's a feature that I missed. Other there's a feature that I missed. Other than that, have a good day and happy than that, have a good day and happy than that, have a good day and happy coding.
