Let's talk about multi- aent Let's talk about multi- aent Let's talk about multi- aent architectures. We talked a lot about architectures. We talked a lot about architectures. We talked a lot about architectures and now I think it's time architectures and now I think it's time architectures and now I think it's time to dig into agentic AI. So we have think to dig into agentic AI. So we have think to dig into agentic AI. So we have think called agent and all of you have already called agent and all of you have already called agent and all of you have already heard about it. But what is an agent? So heard about it. But what is an agent? So heard about it. But what is an agent? So an agent is basically a microser for an agent is basically a microser for an agent is basically a microser for nonAI people. A microser that can nonAI people. A microser that can nonAI people. A microser that can receive a request and the request is receive a request and the request is receive a request and the request is usually going to be a prompt or a usually going to be a prompt or a usually going to be a prompt or a request from a different microser. request from a different microser. request from a different microser. And we need to do something with this And we need to do something with this And we need to do something with this data. All right, we need to return some data. All right, we need to return some data. All right, we need to return some data to the person who requested this data to the person who requested this data to the person who requested this data. So how are we going to do this? data. So how are we going to do this? data. So how are we going to do this? Obviously, we have our LLM and in this Obviously, we have our LLM and in this Obviously, we have our LLM and in this case it's an external service. So our case it's an external service. So our case it's an external service. So our LLM is hosted outside our service. Okay, LLM is hosted outside our service. Okay, LLM is hosted outside our service. Okay, so this microser is detached from this so this microser is detached from this so this microser is detached from this LLM. And before going to the LLM, you LLM. And before going to the LLM, you LLM. And before going to the LLM, you would usually go to a database for some would usually go to a database for some would usually go to a database for some data retrieval and it's a vector data retrieval and it's a vector data retrieval and it's a vector database. So you're going to get some database. So you're going to get some database. So you're going to get some context that you're later going to use context that you're later going to use context that you're later going to use for as a context for your LLM and then for as a context for your LLM and then for as a context for your LLM and then basically you give back the data. Agents basically you give back the data. Agents basically you give back the data. Agents can also have their LMS and databases can also have their LMS and databases can also have their LMS and databases within the same server but this is not within the same server but this is not within the same server but this is not scalable because for example in scalable because for example in scalable because for example in microservices you wouldn't put two microservices you wouldn't put two microservices you wouldn't put two different microservices into one EC2 different microservices into one EC2 different microservices into one EC2 container. You would split them so that container. You would split them so that container. You would split them so that it's easier to scale them both when it's easier to scale them both when it's easier to scale them both when needed. Now why are we talking about needed. Now why are we talking about needed. Now why are we talking about multi- aent architectures? Because multi- aent architectures? Because multi- aent architectures? Because single agents are not that powerful single agents are not that powerful single agents are not that powerful nowadays. So let's take a look at the nowadays. So let's take a look at the nowadays. So let's take a look at the difference. This was a single agent that difference. This was a single agent that difference. This was a single agent that had to perform various actions and it had to perform various actions and it had to perform various actions and it context limit or context window is context limit or context window is context limit or context window is limited. What is a context window? limited. What is a context window? limited. What is a context window? Context window is basically how many Context window is basically how many Context window is basically how many tokens or letters you can feed it. So if tokens or letters you can feed it. So if tokens or letters you can feed it. So if you have a very long question then it's you have a very long question then it's you have a very long question then it's not going to be able to process all of not going to be able to process all of not going to be able to process all of that. I think you remember this that. I think you remember this that. I think you remember this limitation from the earlier versions of limitation from the earlier versions of limitation from the earlier versions of chat GPT your your text had a limitation chat GPT your your text had a limitation chat GPT your your text had a limitation but nowadays it's much much bigger while but nowadays it's much much bigger while but nowadays it's much much bigger while with multiple agents we are already with multiple agents we are already with multiple agents we are already separating the concerns so this looks separating the concerns so this looks separating the concerns so this looks more like a microser architecture more like a microser architecture more like a microser architecture meaning we not only are distributing our meaning we not only are distributing our meaning we not only are distributing our context window so the first agent that context window so the first agent that context window so the first agent that gets a response from or request from the gets a response from or request from the gets a response from or request from the user is going to do something and then user is going to do something and then user is going to do something and then it's going to forward forward its it's going to forward forward its it's going to forward forward its knowledge into the second agent and then knowledge into the second agent and then knowledge into the second agent and then the second agent also gets a much less the second agent also gets a much less the second agent also gets a much less context window and it is able to do some context window and it is able to do some context window and it is able to do some rack. So for example, it can retrieve rack. So for example, it can retrieve rack. So for example, it can retrieve some data from the web from the database some data from the web from the database some data from the web from the database or and then pass it to an LLM or vice or and then pass it to an LLM or vice or and then pass it to an LLM or vice versa. And what are basically the versa. And what are basically the versa. And what are basically the advantages of this architecture of the advantages of this architecture of the advantages of this architecture of the multi- aent architecture? Well, first multi- aent architecture? Well, first multi- aent architecture? Well, first separation of concerns. separation of concerns. separation of concerns. Every agent has a different role. So for Every agent has a different role. So for Every agent has a different role. So for example, this agent was responsible for example, this agent was responsible for example, this agent was responsible for cleaning up the data and then the next cleaning up the data and then the next cleaning up the data and then the next data or the next agent is responsible data or the next agent is responsible data or the next agent is responsible for gathering and organizing the data. for gathering and organizing the data. for gathering and organizing the data. That's why it's also going out to the That's why it's also going out to the That's why it's also going out to the web and to the database. And the most web and to the database. And the most web and to the database. And the most important point is scalability. So for important point is scalability. So for important point is scalability. So for example, as I said, if we pass all the example, as I said, if we pass all the example, as I said, if we pass all the data into one agent, it also has to data into one agent, it also has to data into one agent, it also has to store it in the memory and then on every store it in the memory and then on every store it in the memory and then on every sub subsequent request, it basically sub subsequent request, it basically sub subsequent request, it basically takes the stuff that it has in the takes the stuff that it has in the takes the stuff that it has in the memory and then has to feed it back into memory and then has to feed it back into memory and then has to feed it back into its context window and then it's going its context window and then it's going its context window and then it's going to grow exponentially. That's why to grow exponentially. That's why to grow exponentially. That's why multi-agent architectures for example multi-agent architectures for example multi-agent architectures for example like chapity now chipt version four and like chapity now chipt version four and like chapity now chipt version four and higher or even three I believe 3.5 have higher or even three I believe 3.5 have higher or even three I believe 3.5 have a multi- aent architectures and they're a multi- aent architectures and they're a multi- aent architectures and they're therefore much more powerful. Now we're therefore much more powerful. Now we're therefore much more powerful. Now we're going to talk about different going to talk about different going to talk about different architecture types and how you would architecture types and how you would architecture types and how you would come across them. So the first the most come across them. So the first the most come across them. So the first the most popular architecture would be the popular architecture would be the popular architecture would be the hierarchal vertical architecture. You hierarchal vertical architecture. You hierarchal vertical architecture. You can either call it like this or just can either call it like this or just can either call it like this or just vertical architecture. So what is it? vertical architecture. So what is it? vertical architecture. So what is it? Let's say you get a prompt from the user Let's say you get a prompt from the user Let's say you get a prompt from the user and you would normally have an agent who and you would normally have an agent who and you would normally have an agent who is the orchestrator. All right. In the is the orchestrator. All right. In the is the orchestrator. All right. In the microservices world, it's basically kind microservices world, it's basically kind microservices world, it's basically kind of a gateway. Okay. So the gateway is of a gateway. Okay. So the gateway is of a gateway. Okay. So the gateway is going to forward the request to going to forward the request to going to forward the request to different types of agents and each agent different types of agents and each agent different types of agents and each agent responsible for different things. For responsible for different things. For responsible for different things. For example, this one is responsible for example, this one is responsible for example, this one is responsible for getting some historical data. Of course, getting some historical data. Of course, getting some historical data. Of course, it can also has its own LLM. let's say it can also has its own LLM. let's say it can also has its own LLM. let's say here, but I just didn't put it there. here, but I just didn't put it there. here, but I just didn't put it there. This one gets something from the web and This one gets something from the web and This one gets something from the web and it's responsible for cleaning up the it's responsible for cleaning up the it's responsible for cleaning up the data or summarizing the data data. And data or summarizing the data data. And data or summarizing the data data. And then finally, this agent is responsible then finally, this agent is responsible then finally, this agent is responsible for giving a final decision. Now, how do for giving a final decision. Now, how do for giving a final decision. Now, how do we know which agents to contact? Well, we know which agents to contact? Well, we know which agents to contact? Well, the orchestrator also has its own LLM. the orchestrator also has its own LLM. the orchestrator also has its own LLM. So, it's going to contact it first and So, it's going to contact it first and So, it's going to contact it first and then decide which agents it needs. So, then decide which agents it needs. So, then decide which agents it needs. So, this is how flexible it is. And agents this is how flexible it is. And agents this is how flexible it is. And agents are pretty smart. So if we take a look are pretty smart. So if we take a look are pretty smart. So if we take a look at the web agent class. So let's say at the web agent class. So let's say at the web agent class. So let's say this agent is the web a no actually this this agent is the web a no actually this this agent is the web a no actually this one is the web agent that specifically one is the web agent that specifically one is the web agent that specifically goes out to the web. It's basically a goes out to the web. It's basically a goes out to the web. It's basically a microser and that has a single endpoint microser and that has a single endpoint microser and that has a single endpoint and it's basically going to execute fake and it's basically going to execute fake and it's basically going to execute fake web search. Obviously it's going to be web search. Obviously it's going to be web search. Obviously it's going to be fake. So it's going to retrieve some fake. So it's going to retrieve some fake. So it's going to retrieve some data from the content or or content from data from the content or or content from data from the content or or content from the web rather. And then uh now we don't the web rather. And then uh now we don't the web rather. And then uh now we don't have a summarizer, but let's imagine we have a summarizer, but let's imagine we have a summarizer, but let's imagine we also have its own LLM here. Then it's also have its own LLM here. Then it's also have its own LLM here. Then it's also going to contact its own LLM that's also going to contact its own LLM that's also going to contact its own LLM that's also hosted on a different machine and also hosted on a different machine and also hosted on a different machine and then gather the data and then pass to then gather the data and then pass to then gather the data and then pass to the orchestrator. And finally, the the orchestrator. And finally, the the orchestrator. And finally, the orchestrator is going to return this orchestrator is going to return this orchestrator is going to return this data back. By the way, guys, if you like data back. By the way, guys, if you like data back. By the way, guys, if you like this video so far, make sure to smash a this video so far, make sure to smash a this video so far, make sure to smash a like and don't forget to subscribe. And like and don't forget to subscribe. And like and don't forget to subscribe. And also I have a server for you from the also I have a server for you from the also I have a server for you from the company called Sonar. You probably company called Sonar. You probably company called Sonar. You probably already used one of their products already used one of their products already used one of their products called Sonar Cube and they're conducting called Sonar Cube and they're conducting called Sonar Cube and they're conducting a survey for developers in order to see a survey for developers in order to see a survey for developers in order to see how AI is affecting our day-to-day job. how AI is affecting our day-to-day job. how AI is affecting our day-to-day job. Most of you are already using some AI Most of you are already using some AI Most of you are already using some AI tooling for your work and this survey is tooling for your work and this survey is tooling for your work and this survey is exactly for this to see the impact of exactly for this to see the impact of exactly for this to see the impact of AI. And the first 500 completers or AI. And the first 500 completers or AI. And the first 500 completers or people who complete the survey are going people who complete the survey are going people who complete the survey are going to get a special hat from Sonar Cube. to get a special hat from Sonar Cube. to get a special hat from Sonar Cube. Kind of looks really cool in my opinion, Kind of looks really cool in my opinion, Kind of looks really cool in my opinion, but keep in mind that it's only but keep in mind that it's only but keep in mind that it's only restricted to North America and Europe restricted to North America and Europe restricted to North America and Europe for logistical reasons. But for logistical reasons. But for logistical reasons. But nevertheless, try it out and that would nevertheless, try it out and that would nevertheless, try it out and that would help the community a lot. And we're help the community a lot. And we're help the community a lot. And we're going to move forward. So the second going to move forward. So the second going to move forward. So the second architecture is going to be the human in architecture is going to be the human in architecture is going to be the human in the loop architecture. As you can see, the loop architecture. As you can see, the loop architecture. As you can see, it's pretty much the same. Can also be it's pretty much the same. Can also be it's pretty much the same. Can also be the orchestrator here. The only the orchestrator here. The only the orchestrator here. The only difference is that we're going to have a difference is that we're going to have a difference is that we're going to have a human here. Why do we have a human? human here. Why do we have a human? human here. Why do we have a human? Well, some domains, for example, medical Well, some domains, for example, medical Well, some domains, for example, medical domain, governmental domain, and let's domain, governmental domain, and let's domain, governmental domain, and let's say even YouTube. YouTube is like a say even YouTube. YouTube is like a say even YouTube. YouTube is like a crucial part of our lives, right? So, if crucial part of our lives, right? So, if crucial part of our lives, right? So, if AI starts closing the channels down AI starts closing the channels down AI starts closing the channels down because it thinks that some of the because it thinks that some of the because it thinks that some of the channels are suspicious, channels are suspicious, channels are suspicious, half of the YouTube is going to be wiped half of the YouTube is going to be wiped half of the YouTube is going to be wiped out. That's why there are people working out. That's why there are people working out. That's why there are people working at YouTube who get the answer from LLMs at YouTube who get the answer from LLMs at YouTube who get the answer from LLMs from Agentic AI and then they are able from Agentic AI and then they are able from Agentic AI and then they are able to respond manually with yes this to respond manually with yes this to respond manually with yes this channel is just a spam or no this channel is just a spam or no this channel is just a spam or no this channel is not a spam it's legit. That's channel is not a spam it's legit. That's channel is not a spam it's legit. That's why sometimes we have a this kind of a why sometimes we have a this kind of a why sometimes we have a this kind of a human within the loop. Let's say one of human within the loop. Let's say one of human within the loop. Let's say one of the agents did actually needs an the agents did actually needs an the agents did actually needs an approval from human. And you're going to approval from human. And you're going to approval from human. And you're going to come across this a lot especially in the come across this a lot especially in the come across this a lot especially in the medical as I said fields where the medical as I said fields where the medical as I said fields where the doctor's approval is also needed or doctor's approval is also needed or doctor's approval is also needed or somewhere in the government where uh somewhere in the government where uh somewhere in the government where uh social matters are affected. Now the social matters are affected. Now the social matters are affected. Now the next one will be the network next one will be the network next one will be the network architecture or the swarm architecture architecture or the swarm architecture architecture or the swarm architecture and for example you can run into this and for example you can run into this and for example you can run into this one when drones or unmanned vehicles are one when drones or unmanned vehicles are one when drones or unmanned vehicles are working together like taxis or drones working together like taxis or drones working together like taxis or drones that are flying in the in the sky. So that are flying in the in the sky. So that are flying in the in the sky. So basically you're going to have some basically you're going to have some basically you're going to have some input from the user. But as you can see input from the user. But as you can see input from the user. But as you can see the difference here is that we don't the difference here is that we don't the difference here is that we don't have an orchestrator anymore. So all of have an orchestrator anymore. So all of have an orchestrator anymore. So all of them are main characters so to say and them are main characters so to say and them are main characters so to say and all of the agents are able to talk to all of the agents are able to talk to all of the agents are able to talk to each other. Now you might ask how do we each other. Now you might ask how do we each other. Now you might ask how do we even decide something because we have even decide something because we have even decide something because we have four agents and how are we going to come four agents and how are we going to come four agents and how are we going to come to a decision? Well, within these kind to a decision? Well, within these kind to a decision? Well, within these kind of architectures, so within the swarm of architectures, so within the swarm of architectures, so within the swarm architecture, sometimes we use the architecture, sometimes we use the architecture, sometimes we use the design pattern called shared tools. design pattern called shared tools. design pattern called shared tools. Yeah. Um, agent KA has its own design Yeah. Um, agent KA has its own design Yeah. Um, agent KA has its own design patterns. And shared tools is basically patterns. And shared tools is basically patterns. And shared tools is basically a shared database like this one for a shared database like this one for a shared database like this one for example and which is connected to this example and which is connected to this example and which is connected to this agent. And all the other agents, as soon agent. And all the other agents, as soon agent. And all the other agents, as soon as they make a decision, they're going as they make a decision, they're going as they make a decision, they're going to post it to this agent. And this agent to post it to this agent. And this agent to post it to this agent. And this agent is going to save the decisions of other is going to save the decisions of other is going to save the decisions of other agents within here. And what do I mean agents within here. And what do I mean agents within here. And what do I mean by a decision? It can be a confidence by a decision? It can be a confidence by a decision? It can be a confidence score. It can be a voting decision. score. It can be a voting decision. score. It can be a voting decision. Basically, at the end of the day, we Basically, at the end of the day, we Basically, at the end of the day, we need to come to a consensus. For need to come to a consensus. For need to come to a consensus. For example, we have multiple drones and all example, we have multiple drones and all example, we have multiple drones and all of those drones, let's say, have two of those drones, let's say, have two of those drones, let's say, have two agents within and agents are going to agents within and agents are going to agents within and agents are going to vote whether which drone are we're going vote whether which drone are we're going vote whether which drone are we're going to follow and which direction to fly to, to follow and which direction to fly to, to follow and which direction to fly to, right? So, this is one of those right? So, this is one of those right? So, this is one of those architectures and obviously the agents architectures and obviously the agents architectures and obviously the agents can do web queries. Well, not in the can do web queries. Well, not in the can do web queries. Well, not in the case of drones maybe, but they case of drones maybe, but they case of drones maybe, but they definitely have some limps running definitely have some limps running definitely have some limps running inside it. Um, mining the geospatial inside it. Um, mining the geospatial inside it. Um, mining the geospatial data for example. All right. And the data for example. All right. And the data for example. All right. And the last architecture which is also one of last architecture which is also one of last architecture which is also one of the most popular ones is a sequential the most popular ones is a sequential the most popular ones is a sequential architecture. Sequential architecture is architecture. Sequential architecture is architecture. Sequential architecture is going to be most popular within the how going to be most popular within the how going to be most popular within the how is it called ET ETL extraction is it called ET ETL extraction is it called ET ETL extraction transformation and um I forgot but it's transformation and um I forgot but it's transformation and um I forgot but it's uh it's coming up this pattern is coming uh it's coming up this pattern is coming uh it's coming up this pattern is coming up a lot in data mining. Let's say we up a lot in data mining. Let's say we up a lot in data mining. Let's say we have one agent that's uh taking the user have one agent that's uh taking the user have one agent that's uh taking the user input or some kind of a data from a input or some kind of a data from a input or some kind of a data from a database and we're going to clean it up. database and we're going to clean it up. database and we're going to clean it up. Let's say we're going to remove the Let's say we're going to remove the Let's say we're going to remove the unnecessary content from it. Then this unnecessary content from it. Then this unnecessary content from it. Then this knowledge is going to be passed to a knowledge is going to be passed to a knowledge is going to be passed to a different agent and different agent is different agent and different agent is different agent and different agent is going to take this content as an input going to take this content as an input going to take this content as an input and it's going to contact the vector and it's going to contact the vector and it's going to contact the vector database and do some decisions here. database and do some decisions here. database and do some decisions here. Let's say it's going to pritify the Let's say it's going to pritify the Let's say it's going to pritify the text. It's going to improve the text and text. It's going to improve the text and text. It's going to improve the text and then this improve text is going to be then this improve text is going to be then this improve text is going to be passed from one agent to another. passed from one agent to another. passed from one agent to another. Basically, you get the idea and at the Basically, you get the idea and at the Basically, you get the idea and at the end we're passing the data or the final end we're passing the data or the final end we're passing the data or the final data out. So, as you can see, these data out. So, as you can see, these data out. So, as you can see, these agents are relying on each other. And as agents are relying on each other. And as agents are relying on each other. And as you can imagine this is going to be much you can imagine this is going to be much you can imagine this is going to be much slower for example compared to an slower for example compared to an slower for example compared to an orchestrator because because orchestrator because because orchestrator because because orchestrator orchestrator orchestrator can orchestrate or can ship the messages can orchestrate or can ship the messages can orchestrate or can ship the messages at the same time asynchronously. So here at the same time asynchronously. So here at the same time asynchronously. So here let's say here at the same time and then let's say here at the same time and then let's say here at the same time and then gather the data here uh much faster gather the data here uh much faster gather the data here uh much faster while in this architecture in the while in this architecture in the while in this architecture in the sequential architecture this agent has sequential architecture this agent has sequential architecture this agent has to wait for an answer from this agent to wait for an answer from this agent to wait for an answer from this agent and this agent has to wait for an answer and this agent has to wait for an answer and this agent has to wait for an answer from this agent. So again it doesn't fit from this agent. So again it doesn't fit from this agent. So again it doesn't fit like realtime use cases when you need like realtime use cases when you need like realtime use cases when you need speed. uh but it perfectly fits for uh speed. uh but it perfectly fits for uh speed. uh but it perfectly fits for uh data mining and data extraction and so data mining and data extraction and so data mining and data extraction and so on where the user doesn't have to wait on where the user doesn't have to wait on where the user doesn't have to wait or can wait so long. All right guys, if or can wait so long. All right guys, if or can wait so long. All right guys, if you like the video, smash like and I'm you like the video, smash like and I'm you like the video, smash like and I'm going to see you in the next one.
