So, the HSK with A2B computer template So, the HSK with A2B computer template So, the HSK with A2B computer template lets us get some pretty powerful lets us get some pretty powerful lets us get some pretty powerful behavior with just a couple lines of behavior with just a couple lines of behavior with just a couple lines of code. Here we've created a sandbox using code. Here we've created a sandbox using code. Here we've created a sandbox using the A2B computer use template and we've the A2B computer use template and we've the A2B computer use template and we've given it to an agent. So, the agent can given it to an agent. So, the agent can given it to an agent. So, the agent can use computer to accomplish arbitrary use computer to accomplish arbitrary use computer to accomplish arbitrary tasks, which is, you can imagine, can be tasks, which is, you can imagine, can be tasks, which is, you can imagine, can be quite useful, if not fun. So, for quite useful, if not fun. So, for quite useful, if not fun. So, for instance, let's just go to Hacker News instance, let's just go to Hacker News instance, let's just go to Hacker News and see what's up. So, we can just tell and see what's up. So, we can just tell and see what's up. So, we can just tell it to do that. it to do that. it to do that. All right. And so, it should be able to All right. And so, it should be able to All right. And so, it should be able to then take a screenshot of the computer then take a screenshot of the computer then take a screenshot of the computer and then it'll open Hacker News. Yep. and then it'll open Hacker News. Yep. and then it'll open Hacker News. Yep. All right. So, let's go visit the first All right. So, let's go visit the first All right. So, let's go visit the first link, which happens to be something link, which happens to be something link, which happens to be something about WhatsApp. And he visited the first link. And he visited the first link. And he visited the first link. Great. Great. Great. And so, we can see the agent's kind of And so, we can see the agent's kind of And so, we can see the agent's kind of hooked into the the computer. As far as hooked into the the computer. As far as hooked into the the computer. As far as hooking this in, there's not really much hooking this in, there's not really much hooking this in, there's not really much that we had to do to get it working. So, that we had to do to get it working. So, that we had to do to get it working. So, there's basically four pieces to this, there's basically four pieces to this, there's basically four pieces to this, where we've got a driver, we've got an where we've got a driver, we've got an where we've got a driver, we've got an agent, a loop, and then an entry point. agent, a loop, and then an entry point. agent, a loop, and then an entry point. So, our driver's up here our desktop So, our driver's up here our desktop So, our driver's up here our desktop computer. It's got all the functions computer. It's got all the functions computer. It's got all the functions that we need, where we can click, we can that we need, where we can click, we can that we need, where we can click, we can double click, we can type things, move, double click, we can type things, move, double click, we can type things, move, whatever. That's getting fed into our whatever. That's getting fed into our whatever. That's getting fed into our agent. So, he he's got a little wrapper agent. So, he he's got a little wrapper agent. So, he he's got a little wrapper here for the shell commands that each of here for the shell commands that each of here for the shell commands that each of the interactions with the driver is the interactions with the driver is the interactions with the driver is actually getting run as a shell command. actually getting run as a shell command. actually getting run as a shell command. So, he's got these tools, where as most So, he's got these tools, where as most So, he's got these tools, where as most agents do, with instructions on what to agents do, with instructions on what to agents do, with instructions on what to do on the machine, and between that he's do on the machine, and between that he's do on the machine, and between that he's able to do all the interactions that we able to do all the interactions that we able to do all the interactions that we saw. That's running inside of this run saw. That's running inside of this run saw. That's running inside of this run repple, which is just a loop. Let's just repple, which is just a loop. Let's just repple, which is just a loop. Let's just see the back and forth down here. And see the back and forth down here. And see the back and forth down here. And then an entry point that start up the then an entry point that start up the then an entry point that start up the thing in the first place. thing in the first place. thing in the first place. So, So, So, you know, one of the cool things about you know, one of the cool things about you know, one of the cool things about being on a computer is if the tool that being on a computer is if the tool that being on a computer is if the tool that you're looking for doesn't exist, well, you're looking for doesn't exist, well, you're looking for doesn't exist, well, you can just write it. And so, you can just write it. And so, you can just write it. And so, you know, let's just say there's an you know, let's just say there's an you know, let's just say there's an important task I want to do that the important task I want to do that the important task I want to do that the current program doesn't support, such current program doesn't support, such current program doesn't support, such as, oh, I don't know, I want to play Tic as, oh, I don't know, I want to play Tic as, oh, I don't know, I want to play Tic Tac Toe. That's not on this computer, Tac Toe. That's not on this computer, Tac Toe. That's not on this computer, but the AI can write it for us. In fact, but the AI can write it for us. In fact, but the AI can write it for us. In fact, since we've got a browser, it can write since we've got a browser, it can write since we've got a browser, it can write it in the browser and that's fairly it in the browser and that's fairly it in the browser and that's fairly simple. So, we can be like, "Hey, simple. So, we can be like, "Hey, simple. So, we can be like, "Hey, Tic Tac Toe Tic Tac Toe Tic Tac Toe Tic Tac Toe Tic Tac Toe Tic Tac Toe um game in the browser for two players." um game in the browser for two players." um game in the browser for two players." All right. And so, the AI should be able All right. And so, the AI should be able All right. And so, the AI should be able to make us a Tic Tac Toe game in the to make us a Tic Tac Toe game in the to make us a Tic Tac Toe game in the browser. browser. browser. Then the question's going to be, can it Then the question's going to be, can it Then the question's going to be, can it play with us? And I imagine as the AIs play with us? And I imagine as the AIs play with us? And I imagine as the AIs get better, we'll see better performance get better, we'll see better performance get better, we'll see better performance on this last task. on this last task. on this last task. But for now, But for now, But for now, let's see what it does. All right, he's let's see what it does. All right, he's let's see what it does. All right, he's going. going. going. There we go. There we go. There we go. All right. All right. All right. So, I'll be X and I'm going to click up So, I'll be X and I'm going to click up So, I'll be X and I'm going to click up here. here. here. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. So, I told him I made a move. So, I told him I made a move. So, I told him I made a move. It's now taking a screenshot and it's It's now taking a screenshot and it's It's now taking a screenshot and it's taking the top middle. taking the top middle. taking the top middle. All right. All right. It's move again. All right. All right. It's move again. All right. All right. It's move again. Let's see if it's going to recognize it Let's see if it's going to recognize it Let's see if it's going to recognize it needs to get that middle space. needs to get that middle space. needs to get that middle space. It did not recognize it. It did not recognize it. It did not recognize it. Although, it does see that. Although, it does see that. Although, it does see that. And so, then I'll take this space here. And so, then I'll take this space here. And so, then I'll take this space here. And it could tell that I won. All right. And it could tell that I won. All right. And it could tell that I won. All right. And so, that's pretty cool. All right. And so, that's pretty cool. All right. And so, that's pretty cool. All right. Now, I'm pretty sure future AI, we won't Now, I'm pretty sure future AI, we won't Now, I'm pretty sure future AI, we won't be able to win like this, but at least be able to win like this, but at least be able to win like this, but at least we are able to see, you know, it's able we are able to see, you know, it's able we are able to see, you know, it's able to get the full cycle going that it can to get the full cycle going that it can to get the full cycle going that it can see through the screenshot what's see through the screenshot what's see through the screenshot what's happening and and interact with it that happening and and interact with it that happening and and interact with it that way. So, very powerful as far as the way. So, very powerful as far as the way. So, very powerful as far as the possibilities that this opens up. We possibilities that this opens up. We possibilities that this opens up. We didn't have to really do a whole lot of didn't have to really do a whole lot of didn't have to really do a whole lot of coding and the harness just does it for coding and the harness just does it for coding and the harness just does it for us. So, excited to see what y'all build us. So, excited to see what y'all build us. So, excited to see what y'all build and yeah, it was pretty fun.
