Today we're going to talk about Today we're going to talk about Today we're going to talk about recursive self-improvement. And by the recursive self-improvement. And by the recursive self-improvement. And by the end of this episode, you're going to end of this episode, you're going to end of this episode, you're going to understand how to take something that understand how to take something that understand how to take something that you have done to be able to repeat it you have done to be able to repeat it you have done to be able to repeat it many times where your agents are able to many times where your agents are able to many times where your agents are able to learn from themselves and continue to learn from themselves and continue to learn from themselves and continue to improve without you needing to watch improve without you needing to watch improve without you needing to watch over it and do it yourself. Anthropic over it and do it yourself. Anthropic over it and do it yourself. Anthropic launched a blog yesterday talking about launched a blog yesterday talking about launched a blog yesterday talking about how they are generating eight times more how they are generating eight times more how they are generating eight times more code than they were just a few quarters code than they were just a few quarters code than they were just a few quarters ago because of recursive ago because of recursive ago because of recursive self-improvement. And you're also going self-improvement. And you're also going self-improvement. And you're also going to understand when you apply this to understand when you apply this to understand when you apply this process that I'm going to teach you, process that I'm going to teach you, process that I'm going to teach you, which we've been doing with our agents, which we've been doing with our agents, which we've been doing with our agents, how you create a competitive advantage how you create a competitive advantage how you create a competitive advantage so that as all the AI agents get smarter so that as all the AI agents get smarter so that as all the AI agents get smarter and smarter doing the work, you're and smarter doing the work, you're and smarter doing the work, you're actually reinforcing your advantage. I'm actually reinforcing your advantage. I'm actually reinforcing your advantage. I'm Dennis U. I'm your marketing mechanic. Dennis U. I'm your marketing mechanic. Dennis U. I'm your marketing mechanic. Every Thursday morning, I drop a new Every Thursday morning, I drop a new Every Thursday morning, I drop a new episode. So, I hope that you like, episode. So, I hope that you like, episode. So, I hope that you like, share, subscribe. Let me know what do share, subscribe. Let me know what do share, subscribe. Let me know what do you think. So, the big thing right now you think. So, the big thing right now you think. So, the big thing right now people are talking about is Claude. people are talking about is Claude. people are talking about is Claude. Claude has been outpacing OpenAI because Claude has been outpacing OpenAI because Claude has been outpacing OpenAI because it's B2B and it's doing things for us as it's B2B and it's doing things for us as it's B2B and it's doing things for us as businesses where even though there's businesses where even though there's businesses where even though there's only 60 million users versus the 1 only 60 million users versus the 1 only 60 million users versus the 1 billion that Cache BT just had, those billion that Cache BT just had, those billion that Cache BT just had, those businesses are willing to pay more businesses are willing to pay more businesses are willing to pay more because they're not just dabbling or because they're not just dabbling or because they're not just dabbling or chatting. They want to get work done. chatting. They want to get work done. chatting. They want to get work done. And that means those of us who are And that means those of us who are And that means those of us who are getting work done, we want to get more getting work done, we want to get more getting work done, we want to get more of it done. Not even to have less of it done. Not even to have less of it done. Not even to have less people, but we just want to be able to people, but we just want to be able to people, but we just want to be able to get stuff done that wasn't being done get stuff done that wasn't being done get stuff done that wasn't being done before. So we take basic functions for before. So we take basic functions for before. So we take basic functions for example we have an agent that we've used example we have an agent that we've used example we have an agent that we've used in to prototype initially claude in in to prototype initially claude in in to prototype initially claude in Chrome which is in the browser your Chrome which is in the browser your Chrome which is in the browser your little assistant in the browser where little assistant in the browser where little assistant in the browser where you're learning how to do something you're learning how to do something you're learning how to do something you're already logged in you can check you're already logged in you can check you're already logged in you can check out our previous episodes on how you can out our previous episodes on how you can out our previous episodes on how you can use the Atlas agent or Perplexities use the Atlas agent or Perplexities use the Atlas agent or Perplexities comment where inside your Chrome browser comment where inside your Chrome browser comment where inside your Chrome browser on the side you're talking to it you on the side you're talking to it you on the side you're talking to it you don't have to give it special don't have to give it special don't have to give it special permissions cuz you're already logged permissions cuz you're already logged permissions cuz you're already logged in. So if you're in the browser, it's in. So if you're in the browser, it's in. So if you're in the browser, it's sitting there with you. And as you're sitting there with you. And as you're sitting there with you. And as you're doing something, in our case, we're doing something, in our case, we're doing something, in our case, we're inside WordPress or it could be inside inside WordPress or it could be inside inside WordPress or it could be inside your CRM and we're writing articles, your CRM and we're writing articles, your CRM and we're writing articles, we're running ads, and as we've we're running ads, and as we've we're running ads, and as we've demonstrated how to do something demonstrated how to do something demonstrated how to do something to the assistant, you can press the to the assistant, you can press the to the assistant, you can press the little pointer mouse button and record little pointer mouse button and record little pointer mouse button and record so we can watch and train or you can so we can watch and train or you can so we can watch and train or you can take your Zoom calls and run the take your Zoom calls and run the take your Zoom calls and run the transcript through and have the agent transcript through and have the agent transcript through and have the agent learn. This is creating skills. learn. This is creating skills. learn. This is creating skills. So when you have a skill.md file for a So when you have a skill.md file for a So when you have a skill.md file for a particular agent that's doing a particular agent that's doing a particular agent that's doing a particular task, what we talked about in particular task, what we talked about in particular task, what we talked about in a previous marketing mechanic episode is a previous marketing mechanic episode is a previous marketing mechanic episode is this skill file gets embedded inside this skill file gets embedded inside this skill file gets embedded inside what we call a definitive article. And a what we call a definitive article. And a what we call a definitive article. And a definitive article is saying this is how definitive article is saying this is how definitive article is saying this is how you get this task done. Every time this you get this task done. Every time this you get this task done. Every time this task is done, of course, it's got to task is done, of course, it's got to task is done, of course, it's got to store it down to a file. These are all store it down to a file. These are all store it down to a file. These are all generated files. You can store it in generated files. You can store it in generated files. You can store it in your Obsidian. You could store it your Obsidian. You could store it your Obsidian. You could store it locally. You could store it in a Google locally. You could store it in a Google locally. You could store it in a Google doc. There's many ways to store these doc. There's many ways to store these doc. There's many ways to store these files. We'll talk about that in a files. We'll talk about that in a files. We'll talk about that in a minute. But when we've demonstrated that minute. But when we've demonstrated that minute. But when we've demonstrated that we've done something at least three we've done something at least three we've done something at least three times and we've cycled through this, times and we've cycled through this, times and we've cycled through this, then we have a pretty good idea with us then we have a pretty good idea with us then we have a pretty good idea with us as humans that have done something that as humans that have done something that as humans that have done something that this is because you the more times you this is because you the more times you this is because you the more times you do something, the more you understand do something, the more you understand do something, the more you understand edge cases or you hone in on the edge cases or you hone in on the edge cases or you hone in on the specifics of okay, here's the necessary specifics of okay, here's the necessary specifics of okay, here's the necessary inputs for Jennifer who's our article inputs for Jennifer who's our article inputs for Jennifer who's our article grader. hears her logic and her body of grader. hears her logic and her body of grader. hears her logic and her body of knowledge is getting smarter and smarter knowledge is getting smarter and smarter knowledge is getting smarter and smarter because we can have some kind of because we can have some kind of because we can have some kind of repository on her different rules or repository on her different rules or repository on her different rules or content that she accesses or different content that she accesses or different content that she accesses or different tools that she can call. For example, we tools that she can call. For example, we tools that she can call. For example, we have her call ah refs and there's have her call ah refs and there's have her call ah refs and there's different ways you could use MCPs and different ways you could use MCPs and different ways you could use MCPs and whatnot where these agents as they're whatnot where these agents as they're whatnot where these agents as they're doing the work they have access to where doing the work they have access to where doing the work they have access to where they're posting the work or where they're posting the work or where they're posting the work or where they're getting there's always input they're getting there's always input they're getting there's always input output. That's the whole point of agent. output. That's the whole point of agent. output. That's the whole point of agent. They're not chatting with you. They're not chatting with you. They're not chatting with you. taking stuff from another system, doing taking stuff from another system, doing taking stuff from another system, doing something, and putting it in your CRM, something, and putting it in your CRM, something, and putting it in your CRM, turning ads on, calling up customers, or turning ads on, calling up customers, or turning ads on, calling up customers, or doing something. That's the whole point doing something. That's the whole point doing something. That's the whole point of an agent, right? Instead of a of an agent, right? Instead of a of an agent, right? Instead of a chatbot. So, when that definitive chatbot. So, when that definitive chatbot. So, when that definitive article has been done at least three article has been done at least three article has been done at least three times, then you say, "All right, now I times, then you say, "All right, now I times, then you say, "All right, now I can have someone else on my team be able can have someone else on my team be able can have someone else on my team be able to use this agent." In this case, we'll to use this agent." In this case, we'll to use this agent." In this case, we'll say this is Jennifer. And then we have say this is Jennifer. And then we have say this is Jennifer. And then we have Ethan, who collects, what does Ethan do? Ethan, who collects, what does Ethan do? Ethan, who collects, what does Ethan do? Ethan does knowledge panels. And then Ethan does knowledge panels. And then Ethan does knowledge panels. And then Cam does Cam does Cam does positive comments. You can name them positive comments. You can name them positive comments. You can name them after the actual people that do it, after the actual people that do it, after the actual people that do it, which I think is hilarious because you which I think is hilarious because you which I think is hilarious because you have to treat them like people, not have to treat them like people, not have to treat them like people, not software programs, not SAS. It's people. software programs, not SAS. It's people. software programs, not SAS. It's people. Agents are people that are doing the Agents are people that are doing the Agents are people that are doing the work, right? And you therefore you work, right? And you therefore you work, right? And you therefore you should treat them like people in terms should treat them like people in terms should treat them like people in terms of pay them per task, monitor their of pay them per task, monitor their of pay them per task, monitor their output, on board them as they get better output, on board them as they get better output, on board them as they get better and better. Don't you know you can give and better. Don't you know you can give and better. Don't you know you can give them more things that they can do. Then them more things that they can do. Then them more things that they can do. Then this shifts over into co-work this shifts over into co-work this shifts over into co-work and there's different names for it if and there's different names for it if and there's different names for it if you want to work with another system but you want to work with another system but you want to work with another system but the idea I'm just using anthropic the idea I'm just using anthropic the idea I'm just using anthropic because that's the one all of us are because that's the one all of us are because that's the one all of us are using for now and so now co-work which using for now and so now co-work which using for now and so now co-work which lives on your computer and has lives on your computer and has lives on your computer and has persistence meaning that it can continue persistence meaning that it can continue persistence meaning that it can continue to stay alive instead of this browser to stay alive instead of this browser to stay alive instead of this browser session which just dies every time the session which just dies every time the session which just dies every time the browser dies then that agent dies and it browser dies then that agent dies and it browser dies then that agent dies and it doesn't like to I I guess there's some doesn't like to I I guess there's some doesn't like to I I guess there's some carryover where there's memory and carryover where there's memory and carryover where there's memory and there's dreaming which you've seen there's dreaming which you've seen there's dreaming which you've seen anthropic and chat talk about how the anthropic and chat talk about how the anthropic and chat talk about how the agents are dreaming meaning they're agents are dreaming meaning they're agents are dreaming meaning they're processing memories this weird sci-fi processing memories this weird sci-fi processing memories this weird sci-fi kind of thing but anyway you want kind of thing but anyway you want kind of thing but anyway you want persistence and persistence is when this persistence and persistence is when this persistence and persistence is when this can be done over and over again without can be done over and over again without can be done over and over again without you having to be there. So, because it you having to be there. So, because it you having to be there. So, because it lives on your computer, let's say on lives on your computer, let's say on lives on your computer, let's say on your laptop, a lot of my friends are your laptop, a lot of my friends are your laptop, a lot of my friends are buying MacBook Pros that have at least buying MacBook Pros that have at least buying MacBook Pros that have at least 24 gigs. You get it from Costco because 24 gigs. You get it from Costco because 24 gigs. You get it from Costco because you have the 90-day warranty instead of you have the 90-day warranty instead of you have the 90-day warranty instead of whatever the regular Apple warranty is. whatever the regular Apple warranty is. whatever the regular Apple warranty is. But now But now But now you have these skill MD files, but you you have these skill MD files, but you you have these skill MD files, but you have many of them. And when you have a have many of them. And when you have a have many of them. And when you have a library of these skill MD files, they library of these skill MD files, they library of these skill MD files, they can start to call one another. So, when can start to call one another. So, when can start to call one another. So, when you have a checklist of things, let's you have a checklist of things, let's you have a checklist of things, let's say there's a checklist for building a say there's a checklist for building a say there's a checklist for building a website. You have to be able to collect website. You have to be able to collect website. You have to be able to collect the content. Let's say there's a the content. Let's say there's a the content. Let's say there's a positive mentions agent that Cam has. positive mentions agent that Cam has. positive mentions agent that Cam has. Then you have to spin up the website. Then you have to spin up the website. Then you have to spin up the website. That's another agent. Then you need to That's another agent. Then you need to That's another agent. Then you need to design the look and feel. Then you need design the look and feel. Then you need design the look and feel. Then you need to create a landing page. to create a landing page. to create a landing page. Then you need to set up the ads to be Then you need to set up the ads to be Then you need to set up the ads to be able to sell your stuff, right? get more able to sell your stuff, right? get more able to sell your stuff, right? get more traffic to those top posts. All of these traffic to those top posts. All of these traffic to those top posts. All of these agents can start to trigger one another agents can start to trigger one another agents can start to trigger one another and not trigger as in like cause and not trigger as in like cause and not trigger as in like cause emotional damage or make people whatever emotional damage or make people whatever emotional damage or make people whatever disturbed, but trigger as in when one disturbed, but trigger as in when one disturbed, but trigger as in when one thing is done, then there's the next thing is done, then there's the next thing is done, then there's the next thing that happens. So, what is a I thing that happens. So, what is a I thing that happens. So, what is a I guess you'd call it a there's different guess you'd call it a there's different guess you'd call it a there's different words for this from an engineering words for this from an engineering words for this from an engineering standpoint, but a trigger is like a standpoint, but a trigger is like a standpoint, but a trigger is like a scheduled agent. Every Friday, this scheduled agent. Every Friday, this scheduled agent. Every Friday, this thing wakes up and we do what we call a thing wakes up and we do what we call a thing wakes up and we do what we call a fleet audit. A fleet audit is look fleet audit. A fleet audit is look fleet audit. A fleet audit is look across all the websites or send out the across all the websites or send out the across all the websites or send out the weekly report or do this thing every weekly report or do this thing every weekly report or do this thing every Monday. Cam's positive comments agent Monday. Cam's positive comments agent Monday. Cam's positive comments agent every day wakes up, goes and looks for every day wakes up, goes and looks for every day wakes up, goes and looks for all of the things that people have said all of the things that people have said all of the things that people have said about you on Facebook or YouTube. Like about you on Facebook or YouTube. Like about you on Facebook or YouTube. Like maybe it says Cam is the world's number maybe it says Cam is the world's number maybe it says Cam is the world's number one dunker according to Shaq or whatnot. one dunker according to Shaq or whatnot. one dunker according to Shaq or whatnot. Like it captures things. Maybe there's Like it captures things. Maybe there's Like it captures things. Maybe there's people that are leaving reviews in your people that are leaving reviews in your people that are leaving reviews in your Google business profile. There's a lot Google business profile. There's a lot Google business profile. There's a lot of good things that are being said about of good things that are being said about of good things that are being said about you. These things that are on a schedule you. These things that are on a schedule you. These things that are on a schedule based on something else that just based on something else that just based on something else that just happened which triggers it triggered by happened which triggers it triggered by happened which triggers it triggered by time or triggered by another agent time or triggered by another agent time or triggered by another agent saying, "Oh, I did my thing. Now it's saying, "Oh, I did my thing. Now it's saying, "Oh, I did my thing. Now it's your turn to do your thing." This can your turn to do your thing." This can your turn to do your thing." This can live live live and you can see why this kind of system and you can see why this kind of system and you can see why this kind of system that's able to operate outside of that's able to operate outside of that's able to operate outside of prototyping, which is occurs here, is a prototyping, which is occurs here, is a prototyping, which is occurs here, is a necessary step because you're still necessary step because you're still necessary step because you're still figuring stuff out here. I see a lot of figuring stuff out here. I see a lot of figuring stuff out here. I see a lot of people trying to jump straight to people trying to jump straight to people trying to jump straight to co-work without having done the co-work without having done the co-work without having done the prototyping, which just creates a mess prototyping, which just creates a mess prototyping, which just creates a mess because you haven't tuned the skill because you haven't tuned the skill because you haven't tuned the skill files. files. files. So, you're just scaling something that So, you're just scaling something that So, you're just scaling something that isn't ready to be scaled. When you've isn't ready to be scaled. When you've isn't ready to be scaled. When you've done something multiple times and you've done something multiple times and you've done something multiple times and you've tuned it, this is the thing that tuned it, this is the thing that tuned it, this is the thing that everyone misses. We then as the agent everyone misses. We then as the agent everyone misses. We then as the agent does the work, it then updates what we does the work, it then updates what we does the work, it then updates what we call a meta article. Not meta is in call a meta article. Not meta is in call a meta article. Not meta is in Facebook's new name, but a meta article Facebook's new name, but a meta article Facebook's new name, but a meta article is the agent is documenting what it is the agent is documenting what it is the agent is documenting what it does. And so that writes it down to a does. And so that writes it down to a does. And so that writes it down to a persistent set of files, this big persistent set of files, this big persistent set of files, this big database, and the more times that agent database, and the more times that agent database, and the more times that agent has done helping someone get a knowledge has done helping someone get a knowledge has done helping someone get a knowledge panel or writing an article or turning a panel or writing an article or turning a panel or writing an article or turning a Zoom transcript into a article. There's Zoom transcript into a article. There's Zoom transcript into a article. There's all these things, right? We call it the all these things, right? We call it the all these things, right? We call it the thousand task library. this increments thousand task library. this increments thousand task library. this increments so it goes one two three four and once so it goes one two three four and once so it goes one two three four and once it's done something enough times like it's done something enough times like it's done something enough times like Jennifer's done this thousands of times Jennifer's done this thousands of times Jennifer's done this thousands of times these meta articles where it's taking these meta articles where it's taking these meta articles where it's taking detailed notes because you tell the detailed notes because you tell the detailed notes because you tell the agent hey every time you do something agent hey every time you do something agent hey every time you do something also take notes write down the meta also take notes write down the meta also take notes write down the meta article if you don't know what a meta article if you don't know what a meta article if you don't know what a meta article is look it up Dennis you is article is look it up Dennis you is article is look it up Dennis you is teaching what it is follow those same teaching what it is follow those same teaching what it is follow those same principles that then because it's principles that then because it's principles that then because it's learning and the more times it's done it learning and the more times it's done it learning and the more times it's done it you can see you can see like a list of you can see you can see like a list of you can see you can see like a list of these agents here's agent on these agents here's agent on these agents here's agent on agent two, agent three, and let's say agent two, agent three, and let's say agent two, agent three, and let's say this one's done it a thousand times, this one's done it a thousand times, this one's done it a thousand times, this one's done at 200 times, this one's this one's done at 200 times, this one's this one's done at 200 times, this one's done at 50 times. You get a track done at 50 times. You get a track done at 50 times. You get a track record, and these get stronger and record, and these get stronger and record, and these get stronger and stronger, which continue to update that stronger, which continue to update that stronger, which continue to update that definitive article. In the definitive definitive article. In the definitive definitive article. In the definitive article, you link to the examples that article, you link to the examples that article, you link to the examples that have been done in the meta articles. have been done in the meta articles. have been done in the meta articles. This kind of self-learning loop is how This kind of self-learning loop is how This kind of self-learning loop is how you create recursive self-improvement you create recursive self-improvement you create recursive self-improvement because because because the whole idea of just business in the whole idea of just business in the whole idea of just business in general or math is that when something general or math is that when something general or math is that when something let's say of all these agents and this let's say of all these agents and this let's say of all these agents and this is the one agent that seems to be used is the one agent that seems to be used is the one agent that seems to be used the most for whatever reason because the most for whatever reason because the most for whatever reason because 8020 rule right and therefore this 8020 rule right and therefore this 8020 rule right and therefore this agent's getting smarter and smarter. agent's getting smarter and smarter. agent's getting smarter and smarter. This then helps us update what we're This then helps us update what we're This then helps us update what we're selling for example. Also, think of your selling for example. Also, think of your selling for example. Also, think of your business as a collection of tasks and business as a collection of tasks and business as a collection of tasks and certain tasks are worth more than other certain tasks are worth more than other certain tasks are worth more than other tasks. Wouldn't you want to really zero tasks. Wouldn't you want to really zero tasks. Wouldn't you want to really zero in on the thing that you do the best, in on the thing that you do the best, in on the thing that you do the best, the thing that makes the most impact? the thing that makes the most impact? the thing that makes the most impact? And then you realize, you know what, And then you realize, you know what, And then you realize, you know what, this task, what's our cost? Cuz in the this task, what's our cost? Cuz in the this task, what's our cost? Cuz in the meta article, we're documenting what's meta article, we're documenting what's meta article, we're documenting what's it cost? So maybe it costs 5,000 tokens. it cost? So maybe it costs 5,000 tokens. it cost? So maybe it costs 5,000 tokens. So maybe that's whatever 3 cents. So maybe that's whatever 3 cents. So maybe that's whatever 3 cents. Everything's in tokens. That's how you Everything's in tokens. That's how you Everything's in tokens. That's how you pay your workers, tokens. And then the pay your workers, tokens. And then the pay your workers, tokens. And then the value of it is maybe you could charge $5 value of it is maybe you could charge $5 value of it is maybe you could charge $5 for it, right? Cuz that's how much it for it, right? Cuz that's how much it for it, right? Cuz that's how much it would cost a human to do it. But would cost a human to do it. But would cost a human to do it. But instead, you're like, you know, we're instead, you're like, you know, we're instead, you're like, you know, we're going to charge a dollar for it, right? going to charge a dollar for it, right? going to charge a dollar for it, right? So this agent every time it does So this agent every time it does So this agent every time it does something, you can it's like Costco, something, you can it's like Costco, something, you can it's like Costco, right? You don't charge the max that right? You don't charge the max that right? You don't charge the max that someone will pay. You charge something someone will pay. You charge something someone will pay. You charge something above your cost. That's the boundary of above your cost. That's the boundary of above your cost. That's the boundary of what you can charge for something. So what you can charge for something. So what you can charge for something. So you say, Jennifer, you are a worker. you say, Jennifer, you are a worker. you say, Jennifer, you are a worker. You're going out into this marketplace You're going out into this marketplace You're going out into this marketplace and internally it's costing us a penny. and internally it's costing us a penny. and internally it's costing us a penny. it's worth $ five dollar, but we're it's worth $ five dollar, but we're it's worth $ five dollar, but we're gonna pay you a dollar for that. And so, gonna pay you a dollar for that. And so, gonna pay you a dollar for that. And so, as these get smarter and smarter and you as these get smarter and smarter and you as these get smarter and smarter and you figure out what the margin is on what figure out what the margin is on what figure out what the margin is on what it's worth or whatnot, now you've it's worth or whatnot, now you've it's worth or whatnot, now you've created kind of this next phase. This is created kind of this next phase. This is created kind of this next phase. This is what I call the the upwork of agents. what I call the the upwork of agents. what I call the the upwork of agents. So, instead of humans or VAS or whatnot, So, instead of humans or VAS or whatnot, So, instead of humans or VAS or whatnot, you have a two-sided marketplace. Some you have a two-sided marketplace. Some you have a two-sided marketplace. Some people like it because I've been people like it because I've been people like it because I've been mentioning the Upwork of this. So these mentioning the Upwork of this. So these mentioning the Upwork of this. So these you have an agent marketplace and this you have an agent marketplace and this you have an agent marketplace and this is when you move into you can manage is when you move into you can manage is when you move into you can manage this through clawed code. Well there's this through clawed code. Well there's this through clawed code. Well there's different ways to do this but you have different ways to do this but you have different ways to do this but you have agents you have a whole network and agents you have a whole network and agents you have a whole network and these are the workers and they're in these are the workers and they're in these are the workers and they're in this marketplace and they do all these this marketplace and they do all these this marketplace and they do all these different things. You can imagine what different things. You can imagine what different things. You can imagine what happens in the marketplace. You go to happens in the marketplace. You go to happens in the marketplace. You go to Fiverr you go to any sort of freelance Fiverr you go to any sort of freelance Fiverr you go to any sort of freelance network and you have the network and you have the network and you have the supply you have the demand here. So supply you have the demand here. So supply you have the demand here. So supply and demand. So you have people supply and demand. So you have people supply and demand. So you have people that are paying for the jobs. These are that are paying for the jobs. These are that are paying for the jobs. These are your customers. And you allow anyone to your customers. And you allow anyone to your customers. And you allow anyone to come here and hire any of the workers come here and hire any of the workers come here and hire any of the workers that you have. And that way it's better that you have. And that way it's better that you have. And that way it's better than a SAS. A SAS is you're just paying than a SAS. A SAS is you're just paying than a SAS. A SAS is you're just paying like a $100 a month or $50 per user per like a $100 a month or $50 per user per like a $100 a month or $50 per user per month. But here you're not treating it month. But here you're not treating it month. But here you're not treating it like that. You're treating these as like that. You're treating these as like that. You're treating these as workers that can be hired. They're just workers that can be hired. They're just workers that can be hired. They're just not from the Philippines. They're from not from the Philippines. They're from not from the Philippines. They're from another country. And you've trained them another country. And you've trained them another country. And you've trained them up. You've done it enough times up. You've done it enough times up. You've done it enough times initially yourself, then to your team. initially yourself, then to your team. initially yourself, then to your team. Then you put it out there in the Then you put it out there in the Then you put it out there in the marketplace and we see folks on our team marketplace and we see folks on our team marketplace and we see folks on our team that are creating these agents that they that are creating these agents that they that are creating these agents that they needed it for themselves and they needed it for themselves and they needed it for themselves and they realize Scott Clint does this for Sloan realize Scott Clint does this for Sloan realize Scott Clint does this for Sloan Appliances. They've got a hundred repair Appliances. They've got a hundred repair Appliances. They've got a hundred repair technicians and they find, you know technicians and they find, you know technicians and they find, you know what, there's a lot of other repair what, there's a lot of other repair what, there's a lot of other repair appliance repair companies that use the appliance repair companies that use the appliance repair companies that use the same CRM that have to price out parts same CRM that have to price out parts same CRM that have to price out parts and schedule jobs and do stuff in the and schedule jobs and do stuff in the and schedule jobs and do stuff in the same way our company does it. Now, this same way our company does it. Now, this same way our company does it. Now, this agent can come over here once it's done agent can come over here once it's done agent can come over here once it's done it enough times because you don't want it enough times because you don't want it enough times because you don't want to release an agent that does crap and to release an agent that does crap and to release an agent that does crap and it becomes another agent in your it becomes another agent in your it becomes another agent in your marketplace. So, you are like an e- marketplace. So, you are like an e- marketplace. So, you are like an e- pimp. You're an agent pimp where you've pimp. You're an agent pimp where you've pimp. You're an agent pimp where you've got all these agents that are working got all these agents that are working got all these agents that are working for you. And as you test more and get for you. And as you test more and get for you. And as you test more and get more agents here and more agents in the more agents here and more agents in the more agents here and more agents in the marketplace, make them better, adjust marketplace, make them better, adjust marketplace, make them better, adjust dynamic pricing on maybe these agents dynamic pricing on maybe these agents dynamic pricing on maybe these agents get smarter and smarter and now it's get smarter and smarter and now it's get smarter and smarter and now it's costing you 10,000 tokens, charge $2 or costing you 10,000 tokens, charge $2 or costing you 10,000 tokens, charge $2 or whatever it might be. Maybe there's whatever it might be. Maybe there's whatever it might be. Maybe there's other efficiencies that happen along the other efficiencies that happen along the other efficiencies that happen along the way. Now all of us in the most like I way. Now all of us in the most like I way. Now all of us in the most like I have a master's degree in economics and have a master's degree in economics and have a master's degree in economics and I learned that the value like what you I learned that the value like what you I learned that the value like what you can charge someone is based on the sum can charge someone is based on the sum can charge someone is based on the sum of the underlying raw materials with of the underlying raw materials with of the underlying raw materials with some kind of markup because you added some kind of markup because you added some kind of markup because you added some value in coordinating orchestrating some value in coordinating orchestrating some value in coordinating orchestrating that. Why wouldn't we look at your that. Why wouldn't we look at your that. Why wouldn't we look at your business? Let's say you're a plumber, business? Let's say you're a plumber, business? Let's say you're a plumber, you're a roofer, you're doing as many you're a roofer, you're doing as many you're a roofer, you're doing as many jobs as you can at a certain margin. jobs as you can at a certain margin. jobs as you can at a certain margin. That is the net income that you're able That is the net income that you're able That is the net income that you're able to generate every month. Right? Your EBA to generate every month. Right? Your EBA to generate every month. Right? Your EBA is based on how many jobs can be done is based on how many jobs can be done is based on how many jobs can be done and the amount of incremental value and the amount of incremental value and the amount of incremental value that's generated for you and the that's generated for you and the that's generated for you and the underlying client each time you do that underlying client each time you do that underlying client each time you do that job. If you are job. If you are job. If you are outsourcing, if you will. So whether you outsourcing, if you will. So whether you outsourcing, if you will. So whether you outsource to another company or outsource to another company or outsource to another company or outsource to humans, you're outsourcing outsource to humans, you're outsourcing outsource to humans, you're outsourcing to agents or having having agents to agents or having having agents to agents or having having agents working your company. That's creating working your company. That's creating working your company. That's creating efficiency and margin for you. If you efficiency and margin for you. If you efficiency and margin for you. If you were a digital marketer, you're in our were a digital marketer, you're in our were a digital marketer, you're in our AI operator program and you were AI operator program and you were AI operator program and you were previously being an agency. This is what previously being an agency. This is what previously being an agency. This is what people did before. This is so hilarious people did before. This is so hilarious people did before. This is so hilarious because the funny thing is they were because the funny thing is they were because the funny thing is they were called agencies. Tai Lopez is taught to called agencies. Tai Lopez is taught to called agencies. Tai Lopez is taught to start your social media marketing start your social media marketing start your social media marketing agency. Yeah, you're still doing an agency. Yeah, you're still doing an agency. Yeah, you're still doing an agency, but now you literally are using agency, but now you literally are using agency, but now you literally are using RSI to have the agents do the work in RSI to have the agents do the work in RSI to have the agents do the work in your agency. And then you are doing your agency. And then you are doing your agency. And then you are doing things that are scaling and training and things that are scaling and training and things that are scaling and training and managing these agents, talking to the managing these agents, talking to the managing these agents, talking to the clients. But think about the beauty of clients. But think about the beauty of clients. But think about the beauty of recursive self-improvement. This whole recursive self-improvement. This whole recursive self-improvement. This whole thing here, I think everyone understands thing here, I think everyone understands thing here, I think everyone understands the idea that everything's moving the idea that everything's moving the idea that everything's moving towards eventually the agents are taking towards eventually the agents are taking towards eventually the agents are taking over stuff that's more and more complex over stuff that's more and more complex over stuff that's more and more complex until all that's left is the human until all that's left is the human until all that's left is the human relationships, right? But we know this. relationships, right? But we know this. relationships, right? But we know this. So what is it that you do? Can you So what is it that you do? Can you So what is it that you do? Can you define it down to a set of definitive define it down to a set of definitive define it down to a set of definitive articles? Can we look at your past Zoom articles? Can we look at your past Zoom articles? Can we look at your past Zoom calls or your CRM or whatnot to have calls or your CRM or whatnot to have calls or your CRM or whatnot to have evidence of the work? Maybe we can look evidence of the work? Maybe we can look evidence of the work? Maybe we can look inside your call rail or whatever you're inside your call rail or whatever you're inside your call rail or whatever you're doing to track that the work is being doing to track that the work is being doing to track that the work is being done and turn them test here. So you can done and turn them test here. So you can done and turn them test here. So you can train up these agents just like you train up these agents just like you train up these agents just like you train up a new hire employee. But the train up a new hire employee. But the train up a new hire employee. But the beauty the difference here is that when beauty the difference here is that when beauty the difference here is that when an agent here learns, all the other an agent here learns, all the other an agent here learns, all the other agents you have automatically learn. You agents you have automatically learn. You agents you have automatically learn. You don't have to train up the same person don't have to train up the same person don't have to train up the same person over and over again. You break the work over and over again. You break the work over and over again. You break the work into different agents. You you don't try into different agents. You you don't try into different agents. You you don't try to train the one Superman agent that to train the one Superman agent that to train the one Superman agent that does everything. And then there's no does everything. And then there's no does everything. And then there's no loop. There's no clear path of loop. There's no clear path of loop. There's no clear path of improvement. There's no separation of improvement. There's no separation of improvement. There's no separation of the thing that creates the value. And the thing that creates the value. And the thing that creates the value. And now you're generating income because now you're generating income because now you're generating income because you've broken your stuff into clear you've broken your stuff into clear you've broken your stuff into clear SOPs. Now, even before the world of AI SOPs. Now, even before the world of AI SOPs. Now, even before the world of AI and whatever, we heard, oh yeah, you and whatever, we heard, oh yeah, you and whatever, we heard, oh yeah, you have to have SOPs. You have to track the have to have SOPs. You have to track the have to have SOPs. You have to track the results. What gets measured gets results. What gets measured gets results. What gets measured gets managed. This is just the agent AI managed. This is just the agent AI managed. This is just the agent AI derivation of that. So think about what derivation of that. So think about what derivation of that. So think about what does this mean for you? Do you see does this mean for you? Do you see does this mean for you? Do you see things that are repetitive but can be things that are repetitive but can be things that are repetitive but can be clearly documented and hand it off to clearly documented and hand it off to clearly documented and hand it off to another agent if that agent has access another agent if that agent has access another agent if that agent has access to the right systems? It's trained to the right systems? It's trained to the right systems? It's trained properly. You don't move it over into properly. You don't move it over into properly. You don't move it over into running on an ongoing basis until you've running on an ongoing basis until you've running on an ongoing basis until you've demonstrated that it works the first few demonstrated that it works the first few demonstrated that it works the first few times obviously. And then once it works times obviously. And then once it works times obviously. And then once it works here, you can move it over into the here, you can move it over into the here, you can move it over into the cloud. And this is where people, if you cloud. And this is where people, if you cloud. And this is where people, if you get to this point, this is where I see get to this point, this is where I see get to this point, this is where I see people goof it up because you have to people goof it up because you have to people goof it up because you have to have it live in the cloud. can't just have it live in the cloud. can't just have it live in the cloud. can't just have it live in your personal Claude 20X have it live in your personal Claude 20X have it live in your personal Claude 20X Max account, right? For it to then live Max account, right? For it to then live Max account, right? For it to then live in a marketplace. For a marketplace to in a marketplace. For a marketplace to in a marketplace. For a marketplace to exist, you have to have payments. You exist, you have to have payments. You exist, you have to have payments. You have to have this interface. You have to have to have this interface. You have to have to have this interface. You have to have things that are outside of your have things that are outside of your have things that are outside of your computer. Yes, you can have persistence computer. Yes, you can have persistence computer. Yes, you can have persistence on your computer. You can set up the on your computer. You can set up the on your computer. You can set up the adrenaline or what is it called? adrenaline or what is it called? adrenaline or what is it called? Amphetamine on Mac or you can have the Amphetamine on Mac or you can have the Amphetamine on Mac or you can have the thing never go to sleep so it's always thing never go to sleep so it's always thing never go to sleep so it's always on or set up your machine that talks on or set up your machine that talks on or set up your machine that talks back through dispatch. Yes, you can do back through dispatch. Yes, you can do back through dispatch. Yes, you can do all that, but in order to not be all that, but in order to not be all that, but in order to not be dependent upon a particular machine dependent upon a particular machine dependent upon a particular machine that's in your office, but to live here that's in your office, but to live here that's in your office, but to live here on AWS and whatnot, there's a few more on AWS and whatnot, there's a few more on AWS and whatnot, there's a few more things you have to do, right? And so, things you have to do, right? And so, things you have to do, right? And so, we've been we have most of our stuff we've been we have most of our stuff we've been we have most of our stuff here right now. And we've been moving here right now. And we've been moving here right now. And we've been moving stuff here on behalf of some partners stuff here on behalf of some partners stuff here on behalf of some partners that we're working with. And this is the that we're working with. And this is the that we're working with. And this is the last thing I'll say, the most important last thing I'll say, the most important last thing I'll say, the most important point. Glad you made it here, is that point. Glad you made it here, is that point. Glad you made it here, is that when you've done something enough times, when you've done something enough times, when you've done something enough times, that's generating proof. that's generating proof. that's generating proof. that creates a moat, meaning AI can get that creates a moat, meaning AI can get that creates a moat, meaning AI can get better and better. You're not going to better and better. You're not going to better and better. You're not going to be crushed by the AI because you've done be crushed by the AI because you've done be crushed by the AI because you've done this thing so many times this thing so many times this thing so many times that this then turns into your that this then turns into your that this then turns into your marketing. One of the things that you marketing. One of the things that you marketing. One of the things that you may see us doing is that as we've may see us doing is that as we've may see us doing is that as we've demonstrated something enough times demonstrated something enough times demonstrated something enough times because we've written meta articles that because we've written meta articles that because we've written meta articles that turn into definitive article, this turns turn into definitive article, this turns turn into definitive article, this turns into blogs. This turns into YouTube into blogs. This turns into YouTube into blogs. This turns into YouTube videos and Zoom calls and even here like videos and Zoom calls and even here like videos and Zoom calls and even here like this YouTube channel. There's tons and this YouTube channel. There's tons and this YouTube channel. There's tons and tons of proof so people can inspect what tons of proof so people can inspect what tons of proof so people can inspect what we've done. We open source this stuff. we've done. We open source this stuff. we've done. We open source this stuff. We open source these components because We open source these components because We open source these components because we want people to see Jennifer's done we want people to see Jennifer's done we want people to see Jennifer's done this thing thousands of times. You could this thing thousands of times. You could this thing thousands of times. You could take the skill.md file, but the fact take the skill.md file, but the fact take the skill.md file, but the fact that Jennifer has this experience, that Jennifer has this experience, that Jennifer has this experience, that's something you don't have. that's something you don't have. that's something you don't have. Facebook's open sourced their code to Facebook's open sourced their code to Facebook's open sourced their code to run the social network, they're not run the social network, they're not run the social network, they're not worried about it because they have all worried about it because they have all worried about it because they have all the data. They have this lock in. The the data. They have this lock in. The the data. They have this lock in. The real value is not that we've created and real value is not that we've created and real value is not that we've created and some people say this is an intellectual some people say this is an intellectual some people say this is an intellectual property. Yeah, but that's the but the property. Yeah, but that's the but the property. Yeah, but that's the but the the way this thing is going. The value the way this thing is going. The value the way this thing is going. The value is the relationships, the proof, and the is the relationships, the proof, and the is the relationships, the proof, and the customers that you want. They could try customers that you want. They could try customers that you want. They could try to vibe code their own thing, but to vibe code their own thing, but to vibe code their own thing, but they're going to pay a minor premium, a they're going to pay a minor premium, a they're going to pay a minor premium, a fair markup. You could charge $5 and we fair markup. You could charge $5 and we fair markup. You could charge $5 and we could charge 2 cents and the real the could charge 2 cents and the real the could charge 2 cents and the real the good price is somewhere in the middle. good price is somewhere in the middle. good price is somewhere in the middle. We tend to be on this side. So, there's We tend to be on this side. So, there's We tend to be on this side. So, there's more value that acrus to the buyer like more value that acrus to the buyer like more value that acrus to the buyer like the Costco model. And this creates a the Costco model. And this creates a the Costco model. And this creates a repeating advantage where we are making repeating advantage where we are making repeating advantage where we are making money by serving a lot of people versus money by serving a lot of people versus money by serving a lot of people versus trying to high ticket salesperson trying to high ticket salesperson trying to high ticket salesperson extract one at a time off of other extract one at a time off of other extract one at a time off of other folks. So let me know if you believe in folks. So let me know if you believe in folks. So let me know if you believe in creating impact instead of more income. creating impact instead of more income. creating impact instead of more income. Ironically, you're going to make more Ironically, you're going to make more Ironically, you're going to make more money by serving more people. You're money by serving more people. You're money by serving more people. You're going to have a defensive competitive going to have a defensive competitive going to have a defensive competitive advantage. Our agents can work with your advantage. Our agents can work with your advantage. Our agents can work with your agents. All of us can share our agents. All of us can share our agents. All of us can share our different agents because an agent that different agents because an agent that different agents because an agent that does one thing with me and I see that does one thing with me and I see that does one thing with me and I see that George Paduk has an AI call center George Paduk has an AI call center George Paduk has an AI call center agent. Like why wouldn't I pass work agent. Like why wouldn't I pass work agent. Like why wouldn't I pass work over here inside a marketplace?
