People assume they won't be able to use People assume they won't be able to use People assume they won't be able to use Claude Code if they're not technical, Claude Code if they're not technical, Claude Code if they're not technical, but that is not true at all. Anyone can but that is not true at all. Anyone can but that is not true at all. Anyone can use it to build apps, websites, use it to build apps, websites, use it to build apps, websites, automations, designs, Chrome extensions, automations, designs, Chrome extensions, automations, designs, Chrome extensions, productivity tools, and more. And you productivity tools, and more. And you productivity tools, and more. And you don't need to know any code. This is the don't need to know any code. This is the don't need to know any code. This is the full guide to start building today even full guide to start building today even full guide to start building today even as a complete beginner. First, you do need any paid Claude First, you do need any paid Claude First, you do need any paid Claude account. You can use it on the Pro plan, account. You can use it on the Pro plan, account. You can use it on the Pro plan, then you get more usage on the Max plan. then you get more usage on the Max plan. then you get more usage on the Max plan. You'll also need to download the desktop You'll also need to download the desktop You'll also need to download the desktop app. This isn't done through the web app. This isn't done through the web app. This isn't done through the web version. Just download that, you can version. Just download that, you can version. Just download that, you can click it from the Claude interface, or click it from the Claude interface, or click it from the Claude interface, or I'll link to it in the description as I'll link to it in the description as I'll link to it in the description as well. Install that like any app, and well. Install that like any app, and well. Install that like any app, and you're good to go. Once the desktop app you're good to go. Once the desktop app you're good to go. Once the desktop app is installed, you'll see three tabs, the is installed, you'll see three tabs, the is installed, you'll see three tabs, the chat tab, which is the same as the web chat tab, which is the same as the web chat tab, which is the same as the web version you're used to, the co-work tab, version you're used to, the co-work tab, version you're used to, the co-work tab, and then the code tab. Click in there, and then the code tab. Click in there, and then the code tab. Click in there, and this is where the building happens. Getting started is really simple. Type Getting started is really simple. Type Getting started is really simple. Type what you want in the prompt box, just what you want in the prompt box, just what you want in the prompt box, just like you would when you're prompting any like you would when you're prompting any like you would when you're prompting any AI tool. I will say, "Build me a game AI tool. I will say, "Build me a game AI tool. I will say, "Build me a game that teaches me how to type faster. Make that teaches me how to type faster. Make that teaches me how to type faster. Make it visual, gamified, fun, and it visual, gamified, fun, and it visual, gamified, fun, and effective." So, that's a very basic effective." So, that's a very basic effective." So, that's a very basic prompt on purpose, and this will be a prompt on purpose, and this will be a prompt on purpose, and this will be a fun one to kick it off. I'll do a fun one to kick it off. I'll do a fun one to kick it off. I'll do a practical build as well after covering a practical build as well after covering a practical build as well after covering a couple of the core concepts. And next, couple of the core concepts. And next, couple of the core concepts. And next, Claude needs somewhere to work. A big Claude needs somewhere to work. A big Claude needs somewhere to work. A big difference between Claude Chat and difference between Claude Chat and difference between Claude Chat and Claude Code is code actually creates and Claude Code is code actually creates and Claude Code is code actually creates and edits files directly on your computer. edits files directly on your computer. edits files directly on your computer. So, we need to give it access to a So, we need to give it access to a So, we need to give it access to a folder to do all that in. And to stay folder to do all that in. And to stay folder to do all that in. And to stay more organized, I have a dedicated more organized, I have a dedicated more organized, I have a dedicated Claude Code folder. Then I create Claude Code folder. Then I create Claude Code folder. Then I create subfolders within that for each new subfolders within that for each new subfolders within that for each new project. And I'm creating a new folder. project. And I'm creating a new folder. project. And I'm creating a new folder. You could give it an existing folder as You could give it an existing folder as You could give it an existing folder as well. And now this is where Claude will well. And now this is where Claude will well. And now this is where Claude will create and edit everything. Next, come create and edit everything. Next, come create and edit everything. Next, come down and switch it to plan mode. Instead down and switch it to plan mode. Instead down and switch it to plan mode. Instead of building right away, Claude will lay of building right away, Claude will lay of building right away, Claude will lay out the whole plan for you to adjust or out the whole plan for you to adjust or out the whole plan for you to adjust or approve. It's much easier to adjust the approve. It's much easier to adjust the approve. It's much easier to adjust the plan up front than fix things after it's plan up front than fix things after it's plan up front than fix things after it's already started building. That's all we already started building. That's all we already started building. That's all we need, send it off. need, send it off. need, send it off. Your first time using it, it will ask Your first time using it, it will ask Your first time using it, it will ask you for permission to work in that you for permission to work in that you for permission to work in that folder. Just approve it. Then usually it folder. Just approve it. Then usually it folder. Just approve it. Then usually it will have a few questions. This is will have a few questions. This is will have a few questions. This is asking the style of game I want. I think asking the style of game I want. I think asking the style of game I want. I think a racing game sounds good. Then the type a racing game sounds good. Then the type a racing game sounds good. Then the type of learning. I'll just do pure arcade of learning. I'll just do pure arcade of learning. I'll just do pure arcade for a demo. Then how to structure it. for a demo. Then how to structure it. for a demo. Then how to structure it. Then it came up with a couple more Then it came up with a couple more Then it came up with a couple more questions. The visual theme. I think questions. The visual theme. I think questions. The visual theme. I think synthwave car sounds cool. Then I'll do synthwave car sounds cool. Then I'll do synthwave car sounds cool. Then I'll do fun quotes and sentences for what to fun quotes and sentences for what to fun quotes and sentences for what to type. Now, it's off. And now just from type. Now, it's off. And now just from type. Now, it's off. And now just from my two sentence prompt, it came back my two sentence prompt, it came back my two sentence prompt, it came back with a full detailed plan. The gameplay with a full detailed plan. The gameplay with a full detailed plan. The gameplay loop, why it's effective, architecture, loop, why it's effective, architecture, loop, why it's effective, architecture, build sequence. If you want to make any build sequence. If you want to make any build sequence. If you want to make any changes, you can highlight a section and changes, you can highlight a section and changes, you can highlight a section and give Claude notes. Otherwise, if you give Claude notes. Otherwise, if you give Claude notes. Otherwise, if you like it, accept the plan and Claude will like it, accept the plan and Claude will like it, accept the plan and Claude will start building. It's all done building start building. It's all done building start building. It's all done building and it looks awesome. So, let's test it. That is functioning perfectly all from That is functioning perfectly all from That is functioning perfectly all from that basic prompt I had and answering that basic prompt I had and answering that basic prompt I had and answering five simple questions. That is insane to five simple questions. That is insane to five simple questions. That is insane to be able to do. And now to make any be able to do. And now to make any be able to do. And now to make any changes, all you do is ask for them. changes, all you do is ask for them. changes, all you do is ask for them. Like one quick thing I noticed is Claude Like one quick thing I noticed is Claude Like one quick thing I noticed is Claude left its own score of 173 words per left its own score of 173 words per left its own score of 173 words per minute from when it was testing. So, minute from when it was testing. So, minute from when it was testing. So, I'll actually take a screenshot then ask I'll actually take a screenshot then ask I'll actually take a screenshot then ask it to remove that. Anytime there's it to remove that. Anytime there's it to remove that. Anytime there's something you want changed where a something you want changed where a something you want changed where a visual would help, just take a visual would help, just take a visual would help, just take a screenshot and drop it in. That's really screenshot and drop it in. That's really screenshot and drop it in. That's really helpful. That also works if you want it helpful. That also works if you want it helpful. That also works if you want it to replicate something you've seen. You to replicate something you've seen. You to replicate something you've seen. You could mock up an element or website and could mock up an element or website and could mock up an element or website and Claude can recreate it in your build. Claude can recreate it in your build. Claude can recreate it in your build. That was a simple change and it's fixed. That was a simple change and it's fixed. That was a simple change and it's fixed. And anytime you want some clarity, you And anytime you want some clarity, you And anytime you want some clarity, you can ask questions. Then Claude will know can ask questions. Then Claude will know can ask questions. Then Claude will know not to build. Like I don't want to play not to build. Like I don't want to play not to build. Like I don't want to play through a bunch of levels to understand through a bunch of levels to understand through a bunch of levels to understand the whole game yet, and I won't look the whole game yet, and I won't look the whole game yet, and I won't look through any of the code. I'll just ask through any of the code. I'll just ask through any of the code. I'll just ask Claude to explain it. So, I'm just going Claude to explain it. So, I'm just going Claude to explain it. So, I'm just going to ask just how this works if it's going to ask just how this works if it's going to ask just how this works if it's going to be getting progressively harder. Then to be getting progressively harder. Then to be getting progressively harder. Then instead of building, it knows to answer instead of building, it knows to answer instead of building, it knows to answer my question. It explains how all the my question. It explains how all the my question. It explains how all the gameplay logic works. I can ask for gameplay logic works. I can ask for gameplay logic works. I can ask for changes from there now that I understand changes from there now that I understand changes from there now that I understand it, like adding difficulty levels. Then it, like adding difficulty levels. Then it, like adding difficulty levels. Then it starts building again. Then you just it starts building again. Then you just it starts building again. Then you just go back and forth from there using go back and forth from there using go back and forth from there using natural language like this. You don't natural language like this. You don't natural language like this. You don't need to understand the code, just need to understand the code, just need to understand the code, just describe what you want the same way you describe what you want the same way you describe what you want the same way you would explain it to a person. We've would explain it to a person. We've would explain it to a person. We've already built something pretty complex, already built something pretty complex, already built something pretty complex, and it was really that easy. Before I and it was really that easy. Before I and it was really that easy. Before I cover more concepts, I want to go back cover more concepts, I want to go back cover more concepts, I want to go back and show what happened and what makes and show what happened and what makes and show what happened and what makes this so powerful. After I approved the this so powerful. After I approved the this so powerful. After I approved the plan, it started building. As part of plan, it started building. As part of plan, it started building. As part of that process, it used a bunch of tools, that process, it used a bunch of tools, that process, it used a bunch of tools, then it started testing the game. And it then it started testing the game. And it then it started testing the game. And it can adapt to new information from that can adapt to new information from that can adapt to new information from that testing. Right here it says, "I need to testing. Right here it says, "I need to testing. Right here it says, "I need to correct course." So, it was using the correct course." So, it was using the correct course." So, it was using the wrong parameters. It discovered that and wrong parameters. It discovered that and wrong parameters. It discovered that and fixed the error and then went back to fixed the error and then went back to fixed the error and then went back to testing. That's a good example of what testing. That's a good example of what testing. That's a good example of what an agentic model like this can do. It an agentic model like this can do. It an agentic model like this can do. It can take action on its own. Instead of can take action on its own. Instead of can take action on its own. Instead of just responding, it tests, adjusts, and just responding, it tests, adjusts, and just responding, it tests, adjusts, and corrects course without you asking it corrects course without you asking it corrects course without you asking it to. And along the way, it's actually to. And along the way, it's actually to. And along the way, it's actually testing the game. It pulls it up, clicks testing the game. It pulls it up, clicks testing the game. It pulls it up, clicks buttons, it types to make it through a buttons, it types to make it through a buttons, it types to make it through a level, and made sure everything was level, and made sure everything was level, and made sure everything was functioning. It does all of that on its functioning. It does all of that on its functioning. It does all of that on its own before delivering the end result to own before delivering the end result to own before delivering the end result to you. I think this will always be amazing you. I think this will always be amazing you. I think this will always be amazing to me. This game was actually pretty to me. This game was actually pretty to me. This game was actually pretty fun, so I made some more changes, added fun, so I made some more changes, added fun, so I made some more changes, added different levels of difficulty. Like different levels of difficulty. Like different levels of difficulty. Like hard includes a bunch of symbols and hard includes a bunch of symbols and hard includes a bunch of symbols and numbers. I also added a full testing numbers. I also added a full testing numbers. I also added a full testing mode that's like a real typing test to mode that's like a real typing test to mode that's like a real typing test to understand where you're at, and then it understand where you're at, and then it understand where you're at, and then it can place you in the levels from that. can place you in the levels from that. can place you in the levels from that. Just a few different things like that Just a few different things like that Just a few different things like that using the same process I already showed. using the same process I already showed. using the same process I already showed. Just describe it, Claude builds it. If Just describe it, Claude builds it. If Just describe it, Claude builds it. If you want to use Claude code for you want to use Claude code for you want to use Claude code for marketing work, we've got a free guide marketing work, we've got a free guide marketing work, we've got a free guide for you. It has four workflows and 12 for you. It has four workflows and 12 for you. It has four workflows and 12 prompts that you can copy paste to go prompts that you can copy paste to go prompts that you can copy paste to go from idea to finished product in a from idea to finished product in a from idea to finished product in a single session. Things like building a single session. Things like building a single session. Things like building a lead magnet or testing a positioning lead magnet or testing a positioning lead magnet or testing a positioning angle the same day you think of it. You angle the same day you think of it. You angle the same day you think of it. You can even launch a campaign without can even launch a campaign without can even launch a campaign without writing a single line of code. If you writing a single line of code. If you writing a single line of code. If you don't know exactly what to build after don't know exactly what to build after don't know exactly what to build after watching this video, this has real-world watching this video, this has real-world watching this video, this has real-world use cases that are easy to get started use cases that are easy to get started use cases that are easy to get started with. That's free, just click the link with. That's free, just click the link with. That's free, just click the link in the description. Now, I want to touch on the different Now, I want to touch on the different Now, I want to touch on the different models. You'll see a drop down with a models. You'll see a drop down with a models. You'll see a drop down with a big list of models to choose from. These big list of models to choose from. These big list of models to choose from. These change all the time, so I don't want to change all the time, so I don't want to change all the time, so I don't want to focus on specific model numbers, but the focus on specific model numbers, but the focus on specific model numbers, but the reason this choice matters is because reason this choice matters is because reason this choice matters is because Claude has usage limits based on how Claude has usage limits based on how Claude has usage limits based on how many tokens you use, and the better many tokens you use, and the better many tokens you use, and the better models also use more tokens. The models models also use more tokens. The models models also use more tokens. The models change, but the good rule of thumb is if change, but the good rule of thumb is if change, but the good rule of thumb is if you're on the pro plan, use the highest you're on the pro plan, use the highest you're on the pro plan, use the highest model like Opus or Fable for the plan model like Opus or Fable for the plan model like Opus or Fable for the plan and first build, then switch to a lower and first build, then switch to a lower and first build, then switch to a lower model for the follow-up edits. If you're model for the follow-up edits. If you're model for the follow-up edits. If you're on the max plan, you'll usually be fine on the max plan, you'll usually be fine on the max plan, you'll usually be fine sticking with the highest model all the sticking with the highest model all the sticking with the highest model all the time. I've got the game built and made some I've got the game built and made some I've got the game built and made some edits. From here, there's something edits. From here, there's something edits. From here, there's something you'll always want to do, so Claude has you'll always want to do, so Claude has you'll always want to do, so Claude has persistent memory of your project. persistent memory of your project. persistent memory of your project. Create a Claude.md file, a permanent Create a Claude.md file, a permanent Create a Claude.md file, a permanent reference document that holds everything reference document that holds everything reference document that holds everything Claude needs to know about the project Claude needs to know about the project Claude needs to know about the project long-term. To do that, just type long-term. To do that, just type long-term. To do that, just type {forward slash} init, then send it, and {forward slash} init, then send it, and {forward slash} init, then send it, and Claude knows exactly what to do. It Claude knows exactly what to do. It Claude knows exactly what to do. It reads through all the code and the chat reads through all the code and the chat reads through all the code and the chat history, then creates a markdown file history, then creates a markdown file history, then creates a markdown file that contains all of the important that contains all of the important that contains all of the important aspects. This is what the file looks aspects. This is what the file looks aspects. This is what the file looks like. It was added right to the project like. It was added right to the project like. It was added right to the project folder. This is just markdown, it's not folder. This is just markdown, it's not folder. This is just markdown, it's not code or anything. All these symbols are code or anything. All these symbols are code or anything. All these symbols are just for formatting. If I open this in just for formatting. If I open this in just for formatting. If I open this in an app like Obsidian that uses markdown, an app like Obsidian that uses markdown, an app like Obsidian that uses markdown, this is what the file looks like. You this is what the file looks like. You this is what the file looks like. You don't need to use Obsidian, I just don't need to use Obsidian, I just don't need to use Obsidian, I just wanted to show that this is a simple wanted to show that this is a simple wanted to show that this is a simple text file, not some code base or text file, not some code base or text file, not some code base or anything. And really, you don't even anything. And really, you don't even anything. And really, you don't even have to look at that, but that file will have to look at that, but that file will have to look at that, but that file will be there as a permanent reference file be there as a permanent reference file be there as a permanent reference file for Claude, and you can ask Claude to for Claude, and you can ask Claude to for Claude, and you can ask Claude to update it with any specifics at any update it with any specifics at any update it with any specifics at any time. Or after a long session, you can time. Or after a long session, you can time. Or after a long session, you can just say, "Update the Claude.md file just say, "Update the Claude.md file just say, "Update the Claude.md file with anything important that we with anything important that we with anything important that we covered." Now, this game still lives covered." Now, this game still lives covered." Now, this game still lives only on my computer, but before I show only on my computer, but before I show only on my computer, but before I show how to actually deploy this live, I want how to actually deploy this live, I want how to actually deploy this live, I want to show you some features that make to show you some features that make to show you some features that make Claude code much more powerful. You can build a ton of stuff with what You can build a ton of stuff with what You can build a ton of stuff with what I've already shown, but there's some I've already shown, but there's some I've already shown, but there's some pretty easy power-ups to help. First is pretty easy power-ups to help. First is pretty easy power-ups to help. First is MCPs. These connect Claude to external MCPs. These connect Claude to external MCPs. These connect Claude to external tools. These are under customize, then tools. These are under customize, then tools. These are under customize, then Anthropic calls them connectors, which Anthropic calls them connectors, which Anthropic calls them connectors, which is a more understandable name for them. is a more understandable name for them. is a more understandable name for them. But, you'll also hear them called MCPs But, you'll also hear them called MCPs But, you'll also hear them called MCPs because that's the name of the protocol because that's the name of the protocol because that's the name of the protocol they use. You can come up to the plus they use. You can come up to the plus they use. You can come up to the plus button, then browse connectors. Then button, then browse connectors. Then button, then browse connectors. Then there's pre-built connectors for a there's pre-built connectors for a there's pre-built connectors for a massive list of tools. Common ones like massive list of tools. Common ones like massive list of tools. Common ones like Gmail, Google Calendar, and Notion. Gmail, Google Calendar, and Notion. Gmail, Google Calendar, and Notion. Those are major ones, but there's tons Those are major ones, but there's tons Those are major ones, but there's tons more in here for most tools you can more in here for most tools you can more in here for most tools you can think of. One I'd recommend everyone think of. One I'd recommend everyone think of. One I'd recommend everyone connect is called Context 7. It pulls in connect is called Context 7. It pulls in connect is called Context 7. It pulls in up-to-date documentation for things like up-to-date documentation for things like up-to-date documentation for things like React, Expo, Tailwind, Vercel, and a lot React, Expo, Tailwind, Vercel, and a lot React, Expo, Tailwind, Vercel, and a lot more. These tools change and Claude may more. These tools change and Claude may more. These tools change and Claude may have been trained on an older version or have been trained on an older version or have been trained on an older version or pull up outdated info from the web. pull up outdated info from the web. pull up outdated info from the web. Context 7 makes sure it's always working Context 7 makes sure it's always working Context 7 makes sure it's always working from current documentation. So, from current documentation. So, from current documentation. So, definitely worth connecting, then it definitely worth connecting, then it definitely worth connecting, then it will always be there and it will use it will always be there and it will use it will always be there and it will use it whenever it needs to. That reduces a lot whenever it needs to. That reduces a lot whenever it needs to. That reduces a lot of hallucinations when it's implementing of hallucinations when it's implementing of hallucinations when it's implementing those frameworks. And I'll disconnect those frameworks. And I'll disconnect those frameworks. And I'll disconnect mine just to show this. To connect any mine just to show this. To connect any mine just to show this. To connect any of these, you just click connect, then of these, you just click connect, then of these, you just click connect, then it will have you log in through the it will have you log in through the it will have you log in through the platform. Then you're good to go. And while we're in here, there's also And while we're in here, there's also And while we're in here, there's also plugins. These are packages of skills plugins. These are packages of skills plugins. These are packages of skills and tools. There's pre-built plugins and tools. There's pre-built plugins and tools. There's pre-built plugins from Anthropic that are very powerful from Anthropic that are very powerful from Anthropic that are very powerful and they ship new ones regularly. You and they ship new ones regularly. You and they ship new ones regularly. You can look through to see what might be can look through to see what might be can look through to see what might be useful to what you're building. One I'd useful to what you're building. One I'd useful to what you're building. One I'd recommend is called Superpowers. It adds recommend is called Superpowers. It adds recommend is called Superpowers. It adds a bunch of different skills Claude can a bunch of different skills Claude can a bunch of different skills Claude can call automatically when needed to help call automatically when needed to help call automatically when needed to help with all sorts of things like with all sorts of things like with all sorts of things like brainstorming, sub-agents, debugging, brainstorming, sub-agents, debugging, brainstorming, sub-agents, debugging, and more. Definitely a useful one to and more. Definitely a useful one to and more. Definitely a useful one to install. Then Claude will utilize any of install. Then Claude will utilize any of install. Then Claude will utilize any of these skills automatically whenever it's these skills automatically whenever it's these skills automatically whenever it's relevant to a task. And I mentioned relevant to a task. And I mentioned relevant to a task. And I mentioned skills, these are reusable processes skills, these are reusable processes skills, these are reusable processes that Claude will follow to achieve that Claude will follow to achieve that Claude will follow to achieve repeatable tasks. They have pre-built repeatable tasks. They have pre-built repeatable tasks. They have pre-built skills that are awesome, but you can skills that are awesome, but you can skills that are awesome, but you can also create your own skill. So, how I also create your own skill. So, how I also create your own skill. So, how I typically do that is whenever I go typically do that is whenever I go typically do that is whenever I go through a process myself that involves through a process myself that involves through a process myself that involves multiple prompts and iterations, if multiple prompts and iterations, if multiple prompts and iterations, if that's a process I want to repeat again that's a process I want to repeat again that's a process I want to repeat again in the future, you can say package that in the future, you can say package that in the future, you can say package that up as a skill, then Claude will analyze up as a skill, then Claude will analyze up as a skill, then Claude will analyze everything you did and turn that into a everything you did and turn that into a everything you did and turn that into a reusable skill, which will get called reusable skill, which will get called reusable skill, which will get called and executed in the same way every time and executed in the same way every time and executed in the same way every time moving forward. Here's a quick example moving forward. Here's a quick example moving forward. Here's a quick example of a skill. I'll ask Claude to do a of a skill. I'll ask Claude to do a of a skill. I'll ask Claude to do a security review. Now, it has a built-in security review. Now, it has a built-in security review. Now, it has a built-in process for doing this and walks through process for doing this and walks through process for doing this and walks through the whole thing. And this is a super the whole thing. And this is a super the whole thing. And this is a super important step before pushing anything important step before pushing anything important step before pushing anything public. Claude will find public. Claude will find public. Claude will find vulnerabilities, exposed API keys, vulnerabilities, exposed API keys, vulnerabilities, exposed API keys, things like that, which could lead to things like that, which could lead to things like that, which could lead to issues. There's nothing present that issues. There's nothing present that issues. There's nothing present that would be an issue for a project like would be an issue for a project like would be an issue for a project like this, but you can see Claude identified this, but you can see Claude identified this, but you can see Claude identified the main attack surfaces for this type the main attack surfaces for this type the main attack surfaces for this type of game. Then it searched through, went of game. Then it searched through, went of game. Then it searched through, went to see if any of those vulnerabilities to see if any of those vulnerabilities to see if any of those vulnerabilities were present. And that one's a useful were present. And that one's a useful were present. And that one's a useful skill, but they can be for anything. skill, but they can be for anything. skill, but they can be for anything. Like I have one for writing social media Like I have one for writing social media Like I have one for writing social media posts and critiquing YouTube scripts. posts and critiquing YouTube scripts. posts and critiquing YouTube scripts. There's one for front-end design, There's one for front-end design, There's one for front-end design, creating payment systems. Basically, any creating payment systems. Basically, any creating payment systems. Basically, any task you can do in Claude, you can task you can do in Claude, you can task you can do in Claude, you can create a skill to streamline it. And create a skill to streamline it. And create a skill to streamline it. And those three things can get mixed up, so those three things can get mixed up, so those three things can get mixed up, so MCPs connect Claude to tools, skills MCPs connect Claude to tools, skills MCPs connect Claude to tools, skills give Claude a process to follow, plugins give Claude a process to follow, plugins give Claude a process to follow, plugins can bundle multiple skills, MCPs, and can bundle multiple skills, MCPs, and can bundle multiple skills, MCPs, and more together. Now, I want to show you something more Now, I want to show you something more Now, I want to show you something more practical, closer to what you'd actually practical, closer to what you'd actually practical, closer to what you'd actually build for work, a real productivity tool build for work, a real productivity tool build for work, a real productivity tool using your existing apps. I'll go back using your existing apps. I'll go back using your existing apps. I'll go back to my connectors. to my connectors. to my connectors. And you can see I have Granola And you can see I have Granola And you can see I have Granola connected. I use that for meeting notes. connected. I use that for meeting notes. connected. I use that for meeting notes. I can make sure the permissions I want I can make sure the permissions I want I can make sure the permissions I want it to have are available, then go back it to have are available, then go back it to have are available, then go back to my chat, and I'll use this prompt. to my chat, and I'll use this prompt. to my chat, and I'll use this prompt. Build a Kanban-style app for extracting Build a Kanban-style app for extracting Build a Kanban-style app for extracting action items from meeting notes into a action items from meeting notes into a action items from meeting notes into a to-do list where cards move between to to-do list where cards move between to to-do list where cards move between to do, in progress, and done. Use the do, in progress, and done. Use the do, in progress, and done. Use the connected Granola MCP to pull in meeting connected Granola MCP to pull in meeting connected Granola MCP to pull in meeting Now, I'll create a new folder for Claude Now, I'll create a new folder for Claude Now, I'll create a new folder for Claude to work in, to work in, to work in, switch to plan mode, and send it off. Answer a few questions, and Claude comes Answer a few questions, and Claude comes Answer a few questions, and Claude comes back with a plan. I approve that plan, back with a plan. I approve that plan, back with a plan. I approve that plan, then it gets to work. then it gets to work. then it gets to work. Now, here's what it came back with. It Now, here's what it came back with. It Now, here's what it came back with. It pulled my most recent meeting, pulled my most recent meeting, pulled my most recent meeting, identified all the action items and who identified all the action items and who identified all the action items and who they're for. I can move those around to they're for. I can move those around to they're for. I can move those around to in progress and done. in progress and done. in progress and done. That was a simple build, but pretty That was a simple build, but pretty That was a simple build, but pretty useful, and it nailed it completely on useful, and it nailed it completely on useful, and it nailed it completely on the first try. Once you start connecting the first try. Once you start connecting the first try. Once you start connecting tools you already use and building them tools you already use and building them tools you already use and building them into new interfaces and systems, you can into new interfaces and systems, you can into new interfaces and systems, you can massively open up what you're able to massively open up what you're able to massively open up what you're able to achieve and start making really achieve and start making really achieve and start making really time-saving tools for yourself. Now, time-saving tools for yourself. Now, time-saving tools for yourself. Now, I'll go ahead and run forward slash I'll go ahead and run forward slash I'll go ahead and run forward slash init, so Claude will create that init, so Claude will create that init, so Claude will create that claude.md file. And another reason this claude.md file. And another reason this claude.md file. And another reason this file is important is if your chat file is important is if your chat file is important is if your chat history gets too long, you can start a history gets too long, you can start a history gets too long, you can start a brand new chat, point it at that folder, brand new chat, point it at that folder, brand new chat, point it at that folder, and Claude can read that and know and Claude can read that and know and Claude can read that and know everything about the project. Down here, everything about the project. Down here, everything about the project. Down here, you can hover to see how much of your you can hover to see how much of your you can hover to see how much of your context window is filled. Your context context window is filled. Your context context window is filled. Your context window is basically Claude's working window is basically Claude's working window is basically Claude's working memory for that conversation, and memory for that conversation, and memory for that conversation, and there's a limit to how much it can hold there's a limit to how much it can hold there's a limit to how much it can hold at once. Claude will automatically at once. Claude will automatically at once. Claude will automatically compact that when it gets too full, but compact that when it gets too full, but compact that when it gets too full, but over time it will start losing details over time it will start losing details over time it will start losing details or getting confused. After a while, it's or getting confused. After a while, it's or getting confused. After a while, it's better to open a new chat, and I'll better to open a new chat, and I'll better to open a new chat, and I'll usually ask Claude for a summary before usually ask Claude for a summary before usually ask Claude for a summary before doing that as well with a prompt like doing that as well with a prompt like doing that as well with a prompt like this. That's especially helpful if this. That's especially helpful if this. That's especially helpful if you're actively working on a feature, or you're actively working on a feature, or you're actively working on a feature, or there's more you'll be building that it there's more you'll be building that it there's more you'll be building that it knows about. Things like that wouldn't knows about. Things like that wouldn't knows about. Things like that wouldn't typically be in the claude.md file. typically be in the claude.md file. typically be in the claude.md file. Then, you just open a new chat, paste Then, you just open a new chat, paste Then, you just open a new chat, paste that response it gave, point it at the that response it gave, point it at the that response it gave, point it at the same folder, then it will also read the same folder, then it will also read the same folder, then it will also read the claude.md file, and you're good to pick claude.md file, and you're good to pick claude.md file, and you're good to pick up right where you left off, but without up right where you left off, but without up right where you left off, but without a messy context history. All right, you a messy context history. All right, you a messy context history. All right, you know how to build things now, but this know how to build things now, but this know how to build things now, but this still lives only on your computer. You still lives only on your computer. You still lives only on your computer. You may want to share your project with may want to share your project with may want to share your project with someone or deploy it live to the public. someone or deploy it live to the public. someone or deploy it live to the public. That process is simple, although Now, That process is simple, although Now, That process is simple, although Now, takes a little bit of setup the first takes a little bit of setup the first takes a little bit of setup the first time you do it. You'll need to install time you do it. You'll need to install time you do it. You'll need to install Git if you don't have it and connect Git if you don't have it and connect Git if you don't have it and connect Claude to GitHub. So, first we need Git installed locally. So, first we need Git installed locally. So, first we need Git installed locally. On a newer Mac, it's already installed. On a newer Mac, it's already installed. On a newer Mac, it's already installed. Windows users will have slightly Windows users will have slightly Windows users will have slightly different steps, but since we're asking different steps, but since we're asking different steps, but since we're asking Claude, it'll give you the right Claude, it'll give you the right Claude, it'll give you the right instructions for your specific setup instructions for your specific setup instructions for your specific setup automatically. Just start with this automatically. Just start with this automatically. Just start with this prompt, check if I have Git installed, prompt, check if I have Git installed, prompt, check if I have Git installed, if not, install it for me. And mine is if not, install it for me. And mine is if not, install it for me. And mine is already installed because it came with already installed because it came with already installed because it came with my Mac out of the box. If yours isn't, my Mac out of the box. If yours isn't, my Mac out of the box. If yours isn't, Claude will walk you through it. Just Claude will walk you through it. Just Claude will walk you through it. Just follow what it says. And next, we need follow what it says. And next, we need follow what it says. And next, we need to connect a GitHub account. GitHub is a to connect a GitHub account. GitHub is a to connect a GitHub account. GitHub is a cloud platform for hosting code. Once cloud platform for hosting code. Once cloud platform for hosting code. Once your project is there, you can access it your project is there, you can access it your project is there, you can access it from any device, share it with others, from any device, share it with others, from any device, share it with others, or deploy it to the web. It also handles or deploy it to the web. It also handles or deploy it to the web. It also handles version control, like an undo button for version control, like an undo button for version control, like an undo button for your whole project. You always have a your whole project. You always have a your whole project. You always have a saved snapshot, so you can roll back to saved snapshot, so you can roll back to saved snapshot, so you can roll back to any previous state if something goes any previous state if something goes any previous state if something goes wrong. Just ask Claude to connect to wrong. Just ask Claude to connect to wrong. Just ask Claude to connect to GitHub so it can push code on your GitHub so it can push code on your GitHub so it can push code on your behalf and to walk you through anything behalf and to walk you through anything behalf and to walk you through anything that needs manual input. Claude will that needs manual input. Claude will that needs manual input. Claude will walk you through it, and the steps will walk you through it, and the steps will walk you through it, and the steps will be a little different depending on your be a little different depending on your be a little different depending on your setup, especially Windows versus Mac. setup, especially Windows versus Mac. setup, especially Windows versus Mac. But I do want to walk through them on But I do want to walk through them on But I do want to walk through them on screen, even though yours may be screen, even though yours may be screen, even though yours may be different. This is the most tedious part different. This is the most tedious part different. This is the most tedious part so far and the easiest to get lost in. so far and the easiest to get lost in. so far and the easiest to get lost in. So, this will show you what it feels So, this will show you what it feels So, this will show you what it feels like to go through these, and some of like to go through these, and some of like to go through these, and some of the steps will be the same for every the steps will be the same for every the steps will be the same for every setup. And what's nice is you only need setup. And what's nice is you only need setup. And what's nice is you only need to do this process once. So, it will to do this process once. So, it will to do this process once. So, it will tell me the four-step process we're tell me the four-step process we're tell me the four-step process we're going to go through to do that. going to go through to do that. going to go through to do that. Installing Homebrew is the first step of Installing Homebrew is the first step of Installing Homebrew is the first step of that process. So, I'll tell it to start that process. So, I'll tell it to start that process. So, I'll tell it to start that. Then it comes back and tells me I that. Then it comes back and tells me I that. Then it comes back and tells me I need to copy and paste a command into need to copy and paste a command into need to copy and paste a command into the terminal. So, this is where we need the terminal. So, this is where we need the terminal. So, this is where we need to actually interact with the terminal to actually interact with the terminal to actually interact with the terminal ourselves to run a couple commands. ourselves to run a couple commands. ourselves to run a couple commands. Claude makes this easy. You can use the Claude makes this easy. You can use the Claude makes this easy. You can use the same panel button you use for the same panel button you use for the same panel button you use for the preview window and open up the terminal preview window and open up the terminal preview window and open up the terminal right here. Then it's just copy, paste, right here. Then it's just copy, paste, right here. Then it's just copy, paste, and hit enter. Then it asks me to put in and hit enter. Then it asks me to put in and hit enter. Then it asks me to put in my password. This is the password to my my password. This is the password to my my password. This is the password to my computer. And when you type this, it computer. And when you type this, it computer. And when you type this, it won't actually do anything as you're won't actually do anything as you're won't actually do anything as you're typing. The cursor doesn't move. That's typing. The cursor doesn't move. That's typing. The cursor doesn't move. That's just how it hides passwords by default. just how it hides passwords by default. just how it hides passwords by default. So, just type in the full password and So, just type in the full password and So, just type in the full password and hit enter. And just wait a minute, then hit enter. And just wait a minute, then hit enter. And just wait a minute, then when the input field reappears, it's when the input field reappears, it's when the input field reappears, it's done. Then tell Claude that Homebrew is done. Then tell Claude that Homebrew is done. Then tell Claude that Homebrew is installed and ask what next. Now, it installed and ask what next. Now, it installed and ask what next. Now, it popped up asking if it can run a popped up asking if it can run a popped up asking if it can run a terminal command itself to install the terminal command itself to install the terminal command itself to install the GitHub CLI. Oh, I will allow. Then it GitHub CLI. Oh, I will allow. Then it GitHub CLI. Oh, I will allow. Then it installs it. And the last part is it installs it. And the last part is it installs it. And the last part is it needs me to run one or more terminal needs me to run one or more terminal needs me to run one or more terminal commands to authenticate, to actually commands to authenticate, to actually commands to authenticate, to actually connect to my GitHub account. So, we're connect to my GitHub account. So, we're connect to my GitHub account. So, we're almost there. For this step, you do need almost there. For this step, you do need almost there. For this step, you do need a GitHub account. If you don't have one, a GitHub account. If you don't have one, a GitHub account. If you don't have one, it's free, set it up like any other it's free, set it up like any other it's free, set it up like any other account. Once you're ready, copy the account. Once you're ready, copy the account. Once you're ready, copy the command Claude gave, paste it into the command Claude gave, paste it into the command Claude gave, paste it into the terminal, and hit enter. Then it will terminal, and hit enter. Then it will terminal, and hit enter. Then it will ask a few questions. And Claude actually ask a few questions. And Claude actually ask a few questions. And Claude actually told me exactly what to answer for each told me exactly what to answer for each told me exactly what to answer for each of those questions already. I use it on of those questions already. I use it on of those questions already. I use it on github.com. Preferred protocol is HTTPS. github.com. Preferred protocol is HTTPS. github.com. Preferred protocol is HTTPS. Then authenticate by logging in with a Then authenticate by logging in with a Then authenticate by logging in with a web browser. Now, it gives me a code to web browser. Now, it gives me a code to web browser. Now, it gives me a code to copy. Copy that. Then hit enter to open copy. Copy that. Then hit enter to open copy. Copy that. Then hit enter to open the link it gave. Continue with my the link it gave. Continue with my the link it gave. Continue with my account, paste the code, then authorize account, paste the code, then authorize account, paste the code, then authorize GitHub. Then it sends a code to that GitHub. Then it sends a code to that GitHub. Then it sends a code to that email. Enter that here, and we're all email. Enter that here, and we're all email. Enter that here, and we're all set. GitHub is officially connected. set. GitHub is officially connected. set. GitHub is officially connected. Back in Claude Code, I'll say done. Now, Back in Claude Code, I'll say done. Now, Back in Claude Code, I'll say done. Now, it's just verifying it works. it's just verifying it works. it's just verifying it works. It did. So, it says it can now push It did. So, it says it can now push It did. So, it says it can now push code, create and clone repos, and open code, create and clone repos, and open code, create and clone repos, and open PRs on my behalf. Perfect. Now that it's PRs on my behalf. Perfect. Now that it's PRs on my behalf. Perfect. Now that it's set up, you won't ever have to do that set up, you won't ever have to do that set up, you won't ever have to do that again. You can just ask Claude to create again. You can just ask Claude to create again. You can just ask Claude to create a new GitHub repository for this project a new GitHub repository for this project a new GitHub repository for this project and push all the current code. Just and push all the current code. Just and push all the current code. Just answer a quick question if I want it answer a quick question if I want it answer a quick question if I want it public or private, then it's done with a public or private, then it's done with a public or private, then it's done with a direct link to the repo it just created. direct link to the repo it just created. direct link to the repo it just created. I'll open that up, and this is the I'll open that up, and this is the I'll open that up, and this is the repository on GitHub with all the files repository on GitHub with all the files repository on GitHub with all the files that have been created so far. Now, that have been created so far. Now, that have been created so far. Now, probably felt like a lot if you're new probably felt like a lot if you're new probably felt like a lot if you're new to all of this. That's why I walked to all of this. That's why I walked to all of this. That's why I walked through every step. The good news is, through every step. The good news is, through every step. The good news is, again, you only need to do the initial again, you only need to do the initial again, you only need to do the initial setup once. From here, for any new setup once. From here, for any new setup once. From here, for any new project, you just ask it to push it to project, you just ask it to push it to project, you just ask it to push it to GitHub, and it handles it all. Now that we have a GitHub repository, Now that we have a GitHub repository, Now that we have a GitHub repository, it's really easy to push that live to it's really easy to push that live to it's really easy to push that live to the web using Vercel. First, you'll need the web using Vercel. First, you'll need the web using Vercel. First, you'll need to create a Vercel account. You can sign to create a Vercel account. You can sign to create a Vercel account. You can sign up for free using your GitHub account. up for free using your GitHub account. up for free using your GitHub account. Then it will take you to this page. Then Then it will take you to this page. Then Then it will take you to this page. Then right in this box where it says import right in this box where it says import right in this box where it says import Git repository, I'll click the button Git repository, I'll click the button Git repository, I'll click the button continue with GitHub, click install, and continue with GitHub, click install, and continue with GitHub, click install, and it will connect Vercel to my GitHub it will connect Vercel to my GitHub it will connect Vercel to my GitHub account. I'll select all repositories account. I'll select all repositories account. I'll select all repositories and install. Then that box populates and install. Then that box populates and install. Then that box populates with the repositories I have on GitHub. with the repositories I have on GitHub. with the repositories I have on GitHub. So I'll click import on Neon Type Racer. So I'll click import on Neon Type Racer. So I'll click import on Neon Type Racer. Then I don't need to change anything on Then I don't need to change anything on Then I don't need to change anything on this page, just hit deploy, and that's this page, just hit deploy, and that's this page, just hit deploy, and that's it. Wait a few seconds for it to finish, it. Wait a few seconds for it to finish, it. Wait a few seconds for it to finish, then the game is live on the web. At then the game is live on the web. At then the game is live on the web. At least that's normally all it takes, but least that's normally all it takes, but least that's normally all it takes, but I have an error, which is perfect to I have an error, which is perfect to I have an error, which is perfect to show. I'll take a screenshot, drop it show. I'll take a screenshot, drop it show. I'll take a screenshot, drop it into Claude, and ask why it doesn't into Claude, and ask why it doesn't into Claude, and ask why it doesn't work. work. work. It identified the exact issue, which is It identified the exact issue, which is It identified the exact issue, which is just that my file had spaces, but just that my file had spaces, but just that my file had spaces, but websites can't, so Vercel used dashes. websites can't, so Vercel used dashes. websites can't, so Vercel used dashes. Um it proposed solutions, so I'll pick Um it proposed solutions, so I'll pick Um it proposed solutions, so I'll pick one, then Claude will fix it. And what's one, then Claude will fix it. And what's one, then Claude will fix it. And what's nice is Vercel will automatically detect nice is Vercel will automatically detect nice is Vercel will automatically detect any changes in GitHub and redeploy with any changes in GitHub and redeploy with any changes in GitHub and redeploy with the newest update. You don't have to do the newest update. You don't have to do the newest update. You don't have to do anything. Claude is finished, so let's anything. Claude is finished, so let's anything. Claude is finished, so let's check Vercel, and it looks like it check Vercel, and it looks like it check Vercel, and it looks like it worked. The domain is right here that worked. The domain is right here that worked. The domain is right here that this is playable at. This is a live URL this is playable at. This is a live URL this is playable at. This is a live URL I can send to anyone to play right now. And everything is working perfectly. So And everything is working perfectly. So And everything is working perfectly. So that's how to build a working web app, that's how to build a working web app, that's how to build a working web app, connect it to real tools, use skills and connect it to real tools, use skills and connect it to real tools, use skills and plugins, and deploy it live. This is all plugins, and deploy it live. This is all plugins, and deploy it live. This is all you need to get started, and the best you need to get started, and the best you need to get started, and the best way to learn more is to just start way to learn more is to just start way to learn more is to just start building. Then anytime you run into a building. Then anytime you run into a building. Then anytime you run into a problem, ask Claude for help, and you'll problem, ask Claude for help, and you'll problem, ask Claude for help, and you'll learn more along the way. Just pick learn more along the way. Just pick learn more along the way. Just pick something you would actually use and something you would actually use and something you would actually use and build that.
