So there's a little bit of a debate So there's a little bit of a debate So there's a little bit of a debate going on in the AI world. We've had both going on in the AI world. We've had both going on in the AI world. We've had both Open Claw and Claw Desktop out for a Open Claw and Claw Desktop out for a Open Claw and Claw Desktop out for a while now, and they're both really cool while now, and they're both really cool while now, and they're both really cool systems, but some people love how Open systems, but some people love how Open systems, but some people love how Open Claw can run 24/7 on your messaging Claw can run 24/7 on your messaging Claw can run 24/7 on your messaging systems. It can act like your personal systems. It can act like your personal systems. It can act like your personal assistant. And other people love the assistant. And other people love the assistant. And other people love the polished, very professional quality polished, very professional quality polished, very professional quality experience with the Claw models. But experience with the Claw models. But experience with the Claw models. But there is a third horse in the race that there is a third horse in the race that there is a third horse in the race that you probably haven't heard of that you probably haven't heard of that you probably haven't heard of that actually beat the Claw models with a actually beat the Claw models with a actually beat the Claw models with a recent release in which was intended to recent release in which was intended to recent release in which was intended to basically pull together the best of both basically pull together the best of both basically pull together the best of both worlds from Open Claw and Claw Desktop. worlds from Open Claw and Claw Desktop. worlds from Open Claw and Claw Desktop. So the editor is going to put all the So the editor is going to put all the So the editor is going to put all the benefits on the screen that you can benefits on the screen that you can benefits on the screen that you can expect from what we're about to look expect from what we're about to look expect from what we're about to look into, and it's called the Minimax Agent. into, and it's called the Minimax Agent. into, and it's called the Minimax Agent. It's a really cool system. In this It's a really cool system. In this It's a really cool system. In this video, I'm going to show you everything video, I'm going to show you everything video, I'm going to show you everything and how to become more productive as an and how to become more productive as an and how to become more productive as an individual for your company with this individual for your company with this individual for your company with this platform and set of tools. Going to be a platform and set of tools. Going to be a platform and set of tools. Going to be a good one. Let's go. So first, what is good one. Let's go. So first, what is good one. Let's go. So first, what is the Minimax Agent? So their tagline is the Minimax Agent? So their tagline is the Minimax Agent? So their tagline is an AI native workspace where everyone is an AI native workspace where everyone is an AI native workspace where everyone is an agent designer. I like agent an agent designer. I like agent an agent designer. I like agent designer. That feels like a very cool designer. That feels like a very cool designer. That feels like a very cool new age job title to me. But I think new age job title to me. But I think new age job title to me. But I think that tagline covers it pretty well. It's that tagline covers it pretty well. It's that tagline covers it pretty well. It's a platform built from the ground up a platform built from the ground up a platform built from the ground up around AI agents. So AI that builds around AI agents. So AI that builds around AI agents. So AI that builds things, deploys things, runs things, deploys things, runs things, deploys things, runs autonomously, and can complete tasks autonomously, and can complete tasks autonomously, and can complete tasks potentially continuously. So 24/7 if you potentially continuously. So 24/7 if you potentially continuously. So 24/7 if you want them to. And Minimax, the company want them to. And Minimax, the company want them to. And Minimax, the company behind it, is one of the leading AI labs behind it, is one of the leading AI labs behind it, is one of the leading AI labs or companies globally. They're publicly or companies globally. They're publicly or companies globally. They're publicly listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. And they build their own foundation And they build their own foundation And they build their own foundation models, and they made a lot of news and models, and they made a lot of news and models, and they made a lot of news and headlines just a few weeks ago when they headlines just a few weeks ago when they headlines just a few weeks ago when they released a model that was Opus Claw released a model that was Opus Claw released a model that was Opus Claw level, so insanely good, like frontier level, so insanely good, like frontier level, so insanely good, like frontier good, but for a tiny fraction of the good, but for a tiny fraction of the good, but for a tiny fraction of the cost of Opus. So this is a legit player cost of Opus. So this is a legit player cost of Opus. So this is a legit player and a legit stab at the current throne and a legit stab at the current throne and a legit stab at the current throne of Claw Co-work and Open Claw. And they of Claw Co-work and Open Claw. And they of Claw Co-work and Open Claw. And they build their own foundation models, and build their own foundation models, and build their own foundation models, and that also ties into why I'm making this that also ties into why I'm making this that also ties into why I'm making this video now. So their M2.7 model just video now. So their M2.7 model just video now. So their M2.7 model just launched recently. And this is a launched recently. And this is a launched recently. And this is a self-evolving model, which means it self-evolving model, which means it self-evolving model, which means it actually taught itself in part during actually taught itself in part during actually taught itself in part during its training phase. And on SWE Pro, its training phase. And on SWE Pro, its training phase. And on SWE Pro, which is one of the world's hardest which is one of the world's hardest which is one of the world's hardest software engineering benchmarks, it software engineering benchmarks, it software engineering benchmarks, it scored around 56%. That matches the scored around 56%. That matches the scored around 56%. That matches the performance of models like Opus, so the performance of models like Opus, so the performance of models like Opus, so the best of the best at a fraction of the best of the best at a fraction of the best of the best at a fraction of the cost. It's also really good at cost. It's also really good at cost. It's also really good at real-world tasks across platforms like real-world tasks across platforms like real-world tasks across platforms like Excel, PowerPoint, and Word. And again, Excel, PowerPoint, and Word. And again, Excel, PowerPoint, and Word. And again, it does that at like 1/10 to 1/20 the it does that at like 1/10 to 1/20 the it does that at like 1/10 to 1/20 the cost of alternatives. And that's the cost of alternatives. And that's the cost of alternatives. And that's the trademark of Minimax as a lab. They make trademark of Minimax as a lab. They make trademark of Minimax as a lab. They make these really good models at a tiny these really good models at a tiny these really good models at a tiny fraction of the cost of competitors. And fraction of the cost of competitors. And fraction of the cost of competitors. And so that new model is what is going to so that new model is what is going to so that new model is what is going to drive all the updates and the features I drive all the updates and the features I drive all the updates and the features I want to show you throughout these demos. want to show you throughout these demos. want to show you throughout these demos. And that in mind, we're going to dive And that in mind, we're going to dive And that in mind, we're going to dive into my computer now. I'm going to give into my computer now. I'm going to give into my computer now. I'm going to give you the rundown on the Minimax Agent. you the rundown on the Minimax Agent. you the rundown on the Minimax Agent. Now if you want to follow along with Now if you want to follow along with Now if you want to follow along with this video and learn better, just copy this video and learn better, just copy this video and learn better, just copy what I'm doing on the screen, then you what I'm doing on the screen, then you what I'm doing on the screen, then you can head to this link on the screen or can head to this link on the screen or can head to this link on the screen or in the description. It takes about 30 in the description. It takes about 30 in the description. It takes about 30 seconds to set up, and you do help seconds to set up, and you do help seconds to set up, and you do help support the channel. If you do just want support the channel. If you do just want support the channel. If you do just want to watch and learn, that is completely to watch and learn, that is completely to watch and learn, that is completely fine as well. And that in mind, let's fine as well. And that in mind, let's fine as well. And that in mind, let's jump into my computer. Okay, so here we jump into my computer. Okay, so here we jump into my computer. Okay, so here we are inside the Minimax platform. This is are inside the Minimax platform. This is are inside the Minimax platform. This is at agent.minimax.io. at agent.minimax.io. at agent.minimax.io. Now there is a lot to cover here. This Now there is a lot to cover here. This Now there is a lot to cover here. This is the main portal or interface to is the main portal or interface to is the main portal or interface to interact with the meta, like the interact with the meta, like the interact with the meta, like the high-level Minimax Agent. There's two high-level Minimax Agent. There's two high-level Minimax Agent. There's two modes. We have air, which is faster modes. We have air, which is faster modes. We have air, which is faster response time, thinks through things response time, thinks through things response time, thinks through things less. And then max for the highest level less. And then max for the highest level less. And then max for the highest level of intelligence. We can access different of intelligence. We can access different of intelligence. We can access different skills here, all kinds of different skills here, all kinds of different skills here, all kinds of different experts. We're going to get into all of experts. We're going to get into all of experts. We're going to get into all of this. And in terms of the higher-level this. And in terms of the higher-level this. And in terms of the higher-level automations, the agentic work right automations, the agentic work right automations, the agentic work right here, we can access sub-agents and MCP here, we can access sub-agents and MCP here, we can access sub-agents and MCP capabilities. Again, there is a lot to capabilities. Again, there is a lot to capabilities. Again, there is a lot to get in here, and we are going to do a get in here, and we are going to do a get in here, and we are going to do a deep dive into all of it. And I want to deep dive into all of it. And I want to deep dive into all of it. And I want to start off here with one of the primary start off here with one of the primary start off here with one of the primary use cases for agents, and that is just use cases for agents, and that is just use cases for agents, and that is just their ability to code and program. So their ability to code and program. So their ability to code and program. So that could be web apps, that could be that could be web apps, that could be that could be web apps, that could be animations, anything that you need to animations, anything that you need to animations, anything that you need to exist, organize data, visualize, to exist, organize data, visualize, to exist, organize data, visualize, to perform a given function. You can do perform a given function. You can do perform a given function. You can do that with programming. So I want to show that with programming. So I want to show that with programming. So I want to show you just a few web apps that we can you just a few web apps that we can you just a few web apps that we can build with the Minimax Agent. And then build with the Minimax Agent. And then build with the Minimax Agent. And then we'll dive into the main story of we'll dive into the main story of we'll dive into the main story of today's video, which is Max Claw. And today's video, which is Max Claw. And today's video, which is Max Claw. And we're going to get into that in a few we're going to get into that in a few we're going to get into that in a few minutes. Now for these app builds, I'm minutes. Now for these app builds, I'm minutes. Now for these app builds, I'm going to give two prompts to the agent. going to give two prompts to the agent. going to give two prompts to the agent. First, it's going to be build a First, it's going to be build a First, it's going to be build a real-time investment research dashboard real-time investment research dashboard real-time investment research dashboard for tracking AI companies. So like a for tracking AI companies. So like a for tracking AI companies. So like a Bloomberg terminal style meets a modern Bloomberg terminal style meets a modern Bloomberg terminal style meets a modern SaaS product. As far as the model being SaaS product. As far as the model being SaaS product. As far as the model being used, this will be Minimax M2.7. used, this will be Minimax M2.7. used, this will be Minimax M2.7. We won't add any skills or experts. I We won't add any skills or experts. I We won't add any skills or experts. I will leave this on max, and let's go. will leave this on max, and let's go. will leave this on max, and let's go. Now on a second tab, I'm going to do the Now on a second tab, I'm going to do the Now on a second tab, I'm going to do the same thing just so we can contrast and same thing just so we can contrast and same thing just so we can contrast and compare. And this will be a premium compare. And this will be a premium compare. And this will be a premium freelance agency website for a freelance agency website for a freelance agency website for a one-person AI consulting studio. So one-person AI consulting studio. So one-person AI consulting studio. So let's say you're starting a new let's say you're starting a new let's say you're starting a new business, and you want a website for business, and you want a website for business, and you want a website for that. Same settings, and let's go ahead that. Same settings, and let's go ahead that. Same settings, and let's go ahead and start. Okay, and we can see the and start. Okay, and we can see the and start. Okay, and we can see the agent thinking and going ahead and agent thinking and going ahead and agent thinking and going ahead and building the app. And as far as the building the app. And as far as the building the app. And as far as the architecture goes on this model and architecture goes on this model and architecture goes on this model and platform, basically the way it works is platform, basically the way it works is platform, basically the way it works is the one agent kind of manages the the one agent kind of manages the the one agent kind of manages the project, and then it pulls from all project, and then it pulls from all project, and then it pulls from all these other specialized skills, which go these other specialized skills, which go these other specialized skills, which go and do specific things. Like let's say and do specific things. Like let's say and do specific things. Like let's say the visuals, the UI/UX, the logos, the the visuals, the UI/UX, the logos, the the visuals, the UI/UX, the logos, the design, whatever it may be. And so design, whatever it may be. And so design, whatever it may be. And so that's how it's able to, as you're about that's how it's able to, as you're about that's how it's able to, as you're about to see, create these extremely developed to see, create these extremely developed to see, create these extremely developed web apps from a single prompt. And then web apps from a single prompt. And then web apps from a single prompt. And then there's a really special feature on the there's a really special feature on the there's a really special feature on the web dev side of things that you'll see web dev side of things that you'll see web dev side of things that you'll see as well once we have these demos up and as well once we have these demos up and as well once we have these demos up and running. Okay, we can go ahead and see running. Okay, we can go ahead and see running. Okay, we can go ahead and see both results. Let's jump into the first both results. Let's jump into the first both results. Let's jump into the first one right here. We'll open it at a one right here. We'll open it at a one right here. We'll open it at a deployed URL hosted by Minimax. And this deployed URL hosted by Minimax. And this deployed URL hosted by Minimax. And this is that AI consulting premium site with is that AI consulting premium site with is that AI consulting premium site with all kinds of interactions, project all kinds of interactions, project all kinds of interactions, project status, and so on. Basically, it's status, and so on. Basically, it's status, and so on. Basically, it's exactly what we want. Contact form, exactly what we want. Contact form, exactly what we want. Contact form, premium site, lots of interactions. And premium site, lots of interactions. And premium site, lots of interactions. And then we'll jump over here into the more then we'll jump over here into the more then we'll jump over here into the more complex build of the two. And we can see complex build of the two. And we can see complex build of the two. And we can see that stock AI and private company that stock AI and private company that stock AI and private company watchlist and the various research tools watchlist and the various research tools watchlist and the various research tools along with a newsfeed. So that is along with a newsfeed. So that is along with a newsfeed. So that is completely one shot, one prompt, and we completely one shot, one prompt, and we completely one shot, one prompt, and we get pretty complete builds here. And I get pretty complete builds here. And I get pretty complete builds here. And I show you this as a demonstration of the show you this as a demonstration of the show you this as a demonstration of the inherent quality of the Minimax Agent. inherent quality of the Minimax Agent. inherent quality of the Minimax Agent. With that in mind, I want to jump into With that in mind, I want to jump into With that in mind, I want to jump into the big story of this platform, which is the big story of this platform, which is the big story of this platform, which is Max Claw. And so let's go there now. You Max Claw. And so let's go there now. You Max Claw. And so let's go there now. You may have heard about that in the news. may have heard about that in the news. may have heard about that in the news. It has been blowing up over the past few It has been blowing up over the past few It has been blowing up over the past few months. And I really do want to stress, months. And I really do want to stress, months. And I really do want to stress, Open Claw and Max Claw are not like a Open Claw and Max Claw are not like a Open Claw and Max Claw are not like a chatbot. Instead, they run 24/7. They chatbot. Instead, they run 24/7. They chatbot. Instead, they run 24/7. They run everywhere, and they can interact run everywhere, and they can interact run everywhere, and they can interact and control all different kinds of apps and control all different kinds of apps and control all different kinds of apps and screens. And finally, the way you and screens. And finally, the way you and screens. And finally, the way you interact with them isn't through a interact with them isn't through a interact with them isn't through a website or an app. It can be through website or an app. It can be through website or an app. It can be through anything or anywhere. You can anything or anywhere. You can anything or anywhere. You can communicate with your agent on WhatsApp. communicate with your agent on WhatsApp. communicate with your agent on WhatsApp. You can talk to them in Slack. This You can talk to them in Slack. This You can talk to them in Slack. This thing is like a 24/7 assistant or AI thing is like a 24/7 assistant or AI thing is like a 24/7 assistant or AI employee that you can set up. You can employee that you can set up. You can employee that you can set up. You can give them their own social media give them their own social media give them their own social media accounts, their own email, and they can accounts, their own email, and they can accounts, their own email, and they can just keep running, keep learning, and just keep running, keep learning, and just keep running, keep learning, and keep improving over time. And now the keep improving over time. And now the keep improving over time. And now the problem with the standard Open Claw is problem with the standard Open Claw is problem with the standard Open Claw is that you need Docker, you need API keys. that you need Docker, you need API keys. that you need Docker, you need API keys. You need to go through some kind of You need to go through some kind of You need to go through some kind of effort to set this thing up. And for effort to set this thing up. And for effort to set this thing up. And for those who are not as technical, that can those who are not as technical, that can those who are not as technical, that can be a bit of an impediment. But Max Claw be a bit of an impediment. But Max Claw be a bit of an impediment. But Max Claw is basically the user-friendly version is basically the user-friendly version is basically the user-friendly version of that. You can deploy Max Claw in of that. You can deploy Max Claw in of that. You can deploy Max Claw in about 10 seconds, like we're about to about 10 seconds, like we're about to about 10 seconds, like we're about to do. There's no API keys, no terminal, no do. There's no API keys, no terminal, no do. There's no API keys, no terminal, no nothing required to do that. And then it nothing required to do that. And then it nothing required to do that. And then it will run 24/7 across Discord, Slack, any will run 24/7 across Discord, Slack, any will run 24/7 across Discord, Slack, any app, literally. And then everything will app, literally. And then everything will app, literally. And then everything will sync as well to the Minimax platform sync as well to the Minimax platform sync as well to the Minimax platform here. So let's jump into it. I'm going here. So let's jump into it. I'm going here. So let's jump into it. I'm going to go to the Max Claw tab, and we can to go to the Max Claw tab, and we can to go to the Max Claw tab, and we can see a fun interpretation if you aren't see a fun interpretation if you aren't see a fun interpretation if you aren't familiar with the original branding familiar with the original branding familiar with the original branding around Open Claw. I'm going to click around Open Claw. I'm going to click around Open Claw. I'm going to click start now. Now I can select a specific start now. Now I can select a specific start now. Now I can select a specific configuration. I'm just going to go for configuration. I'm just going to go for configuration. I'm just going to go for default for this demo, and then I will default for this demo, and then I will default for this demo, and then I will click I'm ready. And Max Claw is waking click I'm ready. And Max Claw is waking click I'm ready. And Max Claw is waking up for us. Okay, there we go. And our up for us. Okay, there we go. And our up for us. Okay, there we go. And our assistant is set up. Now the first thing assistant is set up. Now the first thing assistant is set up. Now the first thing you want to do is just connect it. you want to do is just connect it. you want to do is just connect it. Connect it to your social apps so you Connect it to your social apps so you Connect it to your social apps so you can talk to it. Connect it to apps that can talk to it. Connect it to apps that can talk to it. Connect it to apps that it needs to do valuable things for you. it needs to do valuable things for you. it needs to do valuable things for you. And I think it's summed up well here And I think it's summed up well here And I think it's summed up well here from cron jobs that are scheduled, so it from cron jobs that are scheduled, so it from cron jobs that are scheduled, so it runs autonomously all the time, runs autonomously all the time, runs autonomously all the time, automations, you name it, this thing can automations, you name it, this thing can automations, you name it, this thing can actually do valuable work for you and actually do valuable work for you and actually do valuable work for you and engage autonomously. So I'll go click engage autonomously. So I'll go click engage autonomously. So I'll go click try on Minimax app. And so right here on try on Minimax app. And so right here on try on Minimax app. And so right here on the app, I can talk to my agent. So I the app, I can talk to my agent. So I the app, I can talk to my agent. So I can control my desktop or all kinds of can control my desktop or all kinds of can control my desktop or all kinds of things or apps that it engages with on things or apps that it engages with on things or apps that it engages with on the computer from my phone just by the computer from my phone just by the computer from my phone just by texting it. Or what we'll do now in the texting it. Or what we'll do now in the texting it. Or what we'll do now in the computer is connect it, for example, computer is connect it, for example, computer is connect it, for example, with Slack so that we can talk to our with Slack so that we can talk to our with Slack so that we can talk to our agent on that platform as well and just agent on that platform as well and just agent on that platform as well and just ask it to do tasks for us. So I'll say ask it to do tasks for us. So I'll say ask it to do tasks for us. So I'll say set up Slack, and then here are the set up Slack, and then here are the set up Slack, and then here are the instructions to set up that Slack app. instructions to set up that Slack app. instructions to set up that Slack app. If I want to do the same for Telegram, If I want to do the same for Telegram, If I want to do the same for Telegram, I'll go ahead and say collect connect I'll go ahead and say collect connect I'll go ahead and say collect connect Telegram. And then I can rinse and Telegram. And then I can rinse and Telegram. And then I can rinse and repeat that process there as well. So repeat that process there as well. So repeat that process there as well. So that's how we can actually talk to this that's how we can actually talk to this that's how we can actually talk to this agent to start to get it to do things agent to start to get it to do things agent to start to get it to do things for us. I can also click skills right for us. I can also click skills right for us. I can also click skills right here. I can click manage skills. I can here. I can click manage skills. I can here. I can click manage skills. I can click create with Max Claw. And then click create with Max Claw. And then click create with Max Claw. And then let's just say, what else can I do with let's just say, what else can I do with let's just say, what else can I do with Max Claw? And then what I suggest you do Max Claw? And then what I suggest you do Max Claw? And then what I suggest you do as a second step is start connecting it as a second step is start connecting it as a second step is start connecting it again with the actual apps that it will again with the actual apps that it will again with the actual apps that it will do work in. So Google Docs, social media do work in. So Google Docs, social media do work in. So Google Docs, social media accounts, etc. And from that point accounts, etc. And from that point accounts, etc. And from that point onward, just ask it to complete tasks onward, just ask it to complete tasks onward, just ask it to complete tasks for you, to check on things, to pull for you, to check on things, to pull for you, to check on things, to pull data. Or you can set up what are called data. Or you can set up what are called data. Or you can set up what are called cron jobs, which are basically scheduled cron jobs, which are basically scheduled cron jobs, which are basically scheduled tasks on your computer. And then you can tasks on your computer. And then you can tasks on your computer. And then you can say, every 24 hours do this, or just say, every 24 hours do this, or just say, every 24 hours do this, or just every 5 minutes do this. Whatever that every 5 minutes do this. Whatever that every 5 minutes do this. Whatever that task may be, you can ask the agent to do task may be, you can ask the agent to do task may be, you can ask the agent to do it as often and as autonomously as it as often and as autonomously as it as often and as autonomously as needed. And that overall is probably the needed. And that overall is probably the needed. And that overall is probably the most user-friendly version of Open Claw most user-friendly version of Open Claw most user-friendly version of Open Claw I have seen, period. Okay, now before we I have seen, period. Okay, now before we I have seen, period. Okay, now before we get into the whole set of expert and get into the whole set of expert and get into the whole set of expert and skill features, I do want to touch on skill features, I do want to touch on skill features, I do want to touch on the desktop version of the Minimax the desktop version of the Minimax the desktop version of the Minimax Agent. You can download that at this Agent. You can download that at this Agent. You can download that at this URL, that's agent.minimax.io/download. URL, that's agent.minimax.io/download. URL, that's agent.minimax.io/download. And it is functionally everything you And it is functionally everything you And it is functionally everything you get on the web version, except it can get on the web version, except it can get on the web version, except it can also interact in your computer with your also interact in your computer with your also interact in your computer with your files. And what it looks like is just files. And what it looks like is just files. And what it looks like is just like this. So, we can see the same lab like this. So, we can see the same lab like this. So, we can see the same lab elements, open claws, skills on the left elements, open claws, skills on the left elements, open claws, skills on the left here as well as experts. Now, to give here as well as experts. Now, to give here as well as experts. Now, to give you an example of how the agent can you an example of how the agent can you an example of how the agent can interact with your files, I'll click interact with your files, I'll click interact with your files, I'll click under projects here and then I can under projects here and then I can under projects here and then I can select the folder I want to work out of. select the folder I want to work out of. select the folder I want to work out of. So, for example, I have this folder with So, for example, I have this folder with So, for example, I have this folder with YouTube scripts. I could select that. YouTube scripts. I could select that. YouTube scripts. I could select that. I'll say trust workspace and then I can I'll say trust workspace and then I can I'll say trust workspace and then I can say something like extract a list of say something like extract a list of say something like extract a list of tools used for these scripts and videos. tools used for these scripts and videos. tools used for these scripts and videos. So, in sum, you get all of the features So, in sum, you get all of the features So, in sum, you get all of the features you get on the web and then that extra you get on the web and then that extra you get on the web and then that extra layer of interactivity. And if you like layer of interactivity. And if you like layer of interactivity. And if you like that, then you'll want to use the that, then you'll want to use the that, then you'll want to use the desktop platform. Now, one quick note as desktop platform. Now, one quick note as desktop platform. Now, one quick note as well on skills as delineated from well on skills as delineated from well on skills as delineated from experts. Experts are trained on a custom experts. Experts are trained on a custom experts. Experts are trained on a custom knowledge base like you saw me just knowledge base like you saw me just knowledge base like you saw me just upload, whereas skills detail a certain upload, whereas skills detail a certain upload, whereas skills detail a certain protocol that you can plug into your protocol that you can plug into your protocol that you can plug into your agents. So, for example, let's say agents. So, for example, let's say agents. So, for example, let's say generally speaking, I want to generate a generally speaking, I want to generate a generally speaking, I want to generate a research paper in a certain format that research paper in a certain format that research paper in a certain format that normal agents are not that good at. What normal agents are not that good at. What normal agents are not that good at. What I could do right here is just click add I could do right here is just click add I could do right here is just click add to my skills and then now my agent is to my skills and then now my agent is to my skills and then now my agent is going to be really good at generating going to be really good at generating going to be really good at generating research papers in that specific format. research papers in that specific format. research papers in that specific format. Same thing with here for deep research, Same thing with here for deep research, Same thing with here for deep research, polymarket expert. These are just polymarket expert. These are just polymarket expert. These are just protocols that are compressed into a protocols that are compressed into a protocols that are compressed into a skill that you can use for your agents. skill that you can use for your agents. skill that you can use for your agents. And the way you want to materially use And the way you want to materially use And the way you want to materially use that when you're going about and working that when you're going about and working that when you're going about and working on the Minimax platform search for on the Minimax platform search for on the Minimax platform search for whatever you're working on. For example, whatever you're working on. For example, whatever you're working on. For example, that's polymarket, then I'd go ahead, that's polymarket, then I'd go ahead, that's polymarket, then I'd go ahead, I'd just by default add this to my I'd just by default add this to my I'd just by default add this to my skill. If I was doing something related skill. If I was doing something related skill. If I was doing something related to YouTube, I would just go ahead before to YouTube, I would just go ahead before to YouTube, I would just go ahead before I start the work and I would install all I start the work and I would install all I start the work and I would install all of these skills to my agent if it comes of these skills to my agent if it comes of these skills to my agent if it comes up has access to those. Also guys, a up has access to those. Also guys, a up has access to those. Also guys, a quick reminder, if you still do at this quick reminder, if you still do at this quick reminder, if you still do at this point want to follow along with point want to follow along with point want to follow along with everything that I'm doing, you can go to everything that I'm doing, you can go to everything that I'm doing, you can go to agent.minimax.io. agent.minimax.io. agent.minimax.io. There's a completely free, no-risk trial There's a completely free, no-risk trial There's a completely free, no-risk trial to get you started there so you learn to get you started there so you learn to get you started there so you learn better while you are spending time to better while you are spending time to better while you are spending time to watch this video. Again, that is watch this video. Again, that is watch this video. Again, that is completely free and if you don't want to completely free and if you don't want to completely free and if you don't want to give it a test spin right now, no give it a test spin right now, no give it a test spin right now, no worries at all and let's get back to it. worries at all and let's get back to it. worries at all and let's get back to it. Okay, now I want to show you the last Okay, now I want to show you the last Okay, now I want to show you the last major set of features inside Minimax and major set of features inside Minimax and major set of features inside Minimax and this is the Minimax agent in a sense, this is the Minimax agent in a sense, this is the Minimax agent in a sense, but it takes that even farther and it is but it takes that even farther and it is but it takes that even farther and it is derivative experts from the Minimax derivative experts from the Minimax derivative experts from the Minimax agent. So, it's a Minimax agent or the agent. So, it's a Minimax agent or the agent. So, it's a Minimax agent or the same underlying model that is trained on same underlying model that is trained on same underlying model that is trained on other information to become an expert at other information to become an expert at other information to become an expert at one specific thing or workflow. And then one specific thing or workflow. And then one specific thing or workflow. And then you can use that kind of trained version you can use that kind of trained version you can use that kind of trained version of the agent to do that specific task of the agent to do that specific task of the agent to do that specific task for you. And not only can you use for you. And not only can you use for you. And not only can you use generally available experts, generally available experts, generally available experts, quote-unquote, you can also create your quote-unquote, you can also create your quote-unquote, you can also create your own and that's the last demo that I want own and that's the last demo that I want own and that's the last demo that I want to show you here. So, you've seen this to show you here. So, you've seen this to show you here. So, you've seen this explore experts tab on the left. Let's explore experts tab on the left. Let's explore experts tab on the left. Let's go ahead and press on that and this is go ahead and press on that and this is go ahead and press on that and this is where we can see the community of where we can see the community of where we can see the community of different experts that are taken from or different experts that are taken from or different experts that are taken from or based upon the underlying Minimax agent. based upon the underlying Minimax agent. based upon the underlying Minimax agent. So, for example, let's say we want to So, for example, let's say we want to So, for example, let's say we want to create PowerPoints in the same exact create PowerPoints in the same exact create PowerPoints in the same exact create a chat with this expert which has create a chat with this expert which has create a chat with this expert which has been trained on that specific PowerPoint been trained on that specific PowerPoint been trained on that specific PowerPoint automatically going to be able to create automatically going to be able to create automatically going to be able to create super high quality presentations just super high quality presentations just super high quality presentations just like McKinsey would. So, that's half of like McKinsey would. So, that's half of like McKinsey would. So, that's half of it. That's the community portion of the it. That's the community portion of the it. That's the community portion of the experts and then we can go into my experts and then we can go into my experts and then we can go into my experts here. And in a previous video experts here. And in a previous video experts here. And in a previous video about how I actually use AI to about how I actually use AI to about how I actually use AI to materially save me or make me money on a materially save me or make me money on a materially save me or make me money on a month-by-month basis, I mentioned a month-by-month basis, I mentioned a month-by-month basis, I mentioned a script writer which functions in a very script writer which functions in a very script writer which functions in a very similar way to this. So, I want to similar way to this. So, I want to similar way to this. So, I want to rebuild that kind of a workflow as a rebuild that kind of a workflow as a rebuild that kind of a workflow as a Minimax agent. Let's go ahead and click Minimax agent. Let's go ahead and click Minimax agent. Let's go ahead and click create and then what I'll say here is I create and then what I'll say here is I create and then what I'll say here is I want an expert that writes YouTube want an expert that writes YouTube want an expert that writes YouTube scripts in my script style based on scripts in my script style based on scripts in my script style based on previous scripts that I have written as previous scripts that I have written as previous scripts that I have written as a human. Let's just give it that. And a human. Let's just give it that. And a human. Let's just give it that. And here's the response from the meta agent. here's the response from the meta agent. here's the response from the meta agent. It's going to go ahead and help us It's going to go ahead and help us It's going to go ahead and help us create this script and this is where I'm create this script and this is where I'm create this script and this is where I'm going to upload some examples of prior going to upload some examples of prior going to upload some examples of prior scripts that I, as a human, have written scripts that I, as a human, have written scripts that I, as a human, have written that I want the agent to base scripts that I want the agent to base scripts that I want the agent to base scripts off of. So, these are real scripts. I'll off of. So, these are real scripts. I'll off of. So, these are real scripts. I'll go ahead, I'll copy all of those into go ahead, I'll copy all of those into go ahead, I'll copy all of those into here. So, I'll say, "Here are the sample here. So, I'll say, "Here are the sample here. So, I'll say, "Here are the sample scripts." And then it had a few other scripts." And then it had a few other scripts." And then it had a few other questions here as well. So, I'll say, questions here as well. So, I'll say, questions here as well. So, I'll say, "Educational only, tone is professional "Educational only, tone is professional "Educational only, tone is professional and engaging, medium length with call to and engaging, medium length with call to and engaging, medium length with call to actions." And now it's going to go ahead actions." And now it's going to go ahead actions." And now it's going to go ahead and create that expert for us. Okay, and and create that expert for us. Okay, and and create that expert for us. Okay, and here we can see the configured agent. here we can see the configured agent. here we can see the configured agent. So, we have the name, the model, a So, we have the name, the model, a So, we have the name, the model, a description. We have a set of description. We have a set of description. We have a set of instructions based on the provided instructions based on the provided instructions based on the provided context, conversation starters, context, conversation starters, context, conversation starters, capabilities, and conversation starters capabilities, and conversation starters capabilities, and conversation starters as well. And so, basically, this agent as well. And so, basically, this agent as well. And so, basically, this agent will now write scripts in my voice and will now write scripts in my voice and will now write scripts in my voice and I'll go ahead and click create. I'll I'll go ahead and click create. I'll I'll go ahead and click create. I'll create it for only me and then I'll create it for only me and then I'll create it for only me and then I'll click chat with expert. So, now what I click chat with expert. So, now what I click chat with expert. So, now what I can do is I can say, "Write a YouTube can do is I can say, "Write a YouTube can do is I can say, "Write a YouTube script in my style based on this script in my style based on this script in my style based on this information." And then I would upload, information." And then I would upload, information." And then I would upload, for example, a brief or my notes or an for example, a brief or my notes or an for example, a brief or my notes or an idea and then it would flesh that out idea and then it would flesh that out idea and then it would flesh that out into different segments and an outline. into different segments and an outline. into different segments and an outline. And that is an example of just how you And that is an example of just how you And that is an example of just how you can very easily automate work in your can very easily automate work in your can very easily automate work in your life by taking the prior work you've life by taking the prior work you've life by taking the prior work you've done, basically telling an expert like done, basically telling an expert like done, basically telling an expert like this how exactly to do it and then just this how exactly to do it and then just this how exactly to do it and then just letting it do some of the legwork. It letting it do some of the legwork. It letting it do some of the legwork. It doesn't mean these experts can do doesn't mean these experts can do doesn't mean these experts can do everything, but there is a really wide everything, but there is a really wide everything, but there is a really wide range of capabilities that you can range of capabilities that you can range of capabilities that you can unlock by just creating these yourself unlock by just creating these yourself unlock by just creating these yourself and even if you don't, there's this and even if you don't, there's this and even if you don't, there's this whole community right here across every whole community right here across every whole community right here across every white-collar domain. And that in mind, white-collar domain. And that in mind, white-collar domain. And that in mind, that is everything I wanted to show you that is everything I wanted to show you that is everything I wanted to show you about Minimax. This has been a pretty about Minimax. This has been a pretty about Minimax. This has been a pretty cool video, whether the open claw side, cool video, whether the open claw side, cool video, whether the open claw side, the desktop platform, experts, you name the desktop platform, experts, you name the desktop platform, experts, you name it. I think this is 100% one of the it. I think this is 100% one of the it. I think this is 100% one of the leading platforms for doing work leading platforms for doing work leading platforms for doing work autonomously and dealing with agents and autonomously and dealing with agents and autonomously and dealing with agents and I'm very excited to see everything I'm very excited to see everything I'm very excited to see everything coming out of this lab. And there you coming out of this lab. And there you coming out of this lab. And there you go, that is all four demos and pretty go, that is all four demos and pretty go, that is all four demos and pretty much all of what I wanted to cover about much all of what I wanted to cover about much all of what I wanted to cover about Minimax. Like I said, I think this Minimax. Like I said, I think this Minimax. Like I said, I think this presents a really strong set of use presents a really strong set of use presents a really strong set of use cases for white-collar work. So, if you cases for white-collar work. So, if you cases for white-collar work. So, if you work in finance, e-commerce, any kind of work in finance, e-commerce, any kind of work in finance, e-commerce, any kind of Excel, PowerPoint, Word kind of document Excel, PowerPoint, Word kind of document Excel, PowerPoint, Word kind of document work, freelancing, etc., I think there's work, freelancing, etc., I think there's work, freelancing, etc., I think there's a ton of tasks there that something like a ton of tasks there that something like a ton of tasks there that something like the Minimax agent can essentially do for the Minimax agent can essentially do for the Minimax agent can essentially do for you. And hopefully this video helps you you. And hopefully this video helps you you. And hopefully this video helps you learn how you can go ahead and actually learn how you can go ahead and actually learn how you can go ahead and actually do that for your own work. So again, if do that for your own work. So again, if do that for your own work. So again, if you want to try any of that yourself and you want to try any of that yourself and you want to try any of that yourself and you want to support the channel, you can you want to support the channel, you can you want to support the channel, you can head to agent.minimax.io. head to agent.minimax.io. head to agent.minimax.io. That link is on the screen or in the That link is on the screen or in the That link is on the screen or in the description. And that in mind, I hope description. And that in mind, I hope description. And that in mind, I hope you found this one useful. Appreciate you found this one useful. Appreciate you found this one useful. Appreciate your time in being here and I will see your time in being here and I will see your time in being here and I will see you in the next one.
