Hey, hello everyone. Welcome to another Hey, hello everyone. Welcome to another Hey, hello everyone. Welcome to another episode of .NET Community Standup episode of .NET Community Standup episode of .NET Community Standup talking about AI. Super happy today talking about AI. Super happy today talking about AI. Super happy today because we are going to basically have because we are going to basically have because we are going to basically have all of the checks. We are going to talk all of the checks. We are going to talk all of the checks. We are going to talk about .NET, AI, Foundry, Hosted Agents, about .NET, AI, Foundry, Hosted Agents, about .NET, AI, Foundry, Hosted Agents, Aspire. Hey, we have everything. Aspire. Hey, we have everything. Aspire. Hey, we have everything. And also super happy because first time And also super happy because first time And also super happy because first time doing something with Tommaso. So, hey doing something with Tommaso. So, hey doing something with Tommaso. So, hey Tommaso, how are you? Tommaso, how are you? Tommaso, how are you? &gt;&gt; I'm fine. Thank you for having me, &gt;&gt; I'm fine. Thank you for having me, &gt;&gt; I'm fine. Thank you for having me, Bruno. Nice to meet you. Bruno. Nice to meet you. Bruno. Nice to meet you. &gt;&gt; No, no, no. I I I appreciate because &gt;&gt; No, no, no. I I I appreciate because &gt;&gt; No, no, no. I I I appreciate because this is kind of the way that we work this is kind of the way that we work this is kind of the way that we work today. This is Daniel a couple of days today. This is Daniel a couple of days today. This is Daniel a couple of days ago saying, "Hey, we have this amazing ago saying, "Hey, we have this amazing ago saying, "Hey, we have this amazing blog post in the I think it's in the blog post in the I think it's in the blog post in the I think it's in the Aspire or in the Azure Framework blog Aspire or in the Azure Framework blog Aspire or in the Azure Framework blog talking about this and that. We need to talking about this and that. We need to talking about this and that. We need to talk about this." And talk about this." And talk about this." And 5 minutes later, I said, "Tommaso, do 5 minutes later, I said, "Tommaso, do 5 minutes later, I said, "Tommaso, do you want to be part of this?" He said, you want to be part of this?" He said, you want to be part of this?" He said, "Yes." And here we are talking about "Yes." And here we are talking about "Yes." And here we are talking about that. And by the way, that. And by the way, that. And by the way, &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I'm the worst host ever. I need to &gt;&gt; I'm the worst host ever. I need to &gt;&gt; I'm the worst host ever. I need to introduce myself and ask you to introduce myself and ask you to introduce myself and ask you to introduce. So, my name is Bruno. I'm introduce. So, my name is Bruno. I'm introduce. So, my name is Bruno. I'm part of that brilliant GitHub/Microsoft. part of that brilliant GitHub/Microsoft. part of that brilliant GitHub/Microsoft. Super happy to be here. Super happy to be here. Super happy to be here. Tommaso, can you please introduce Tommaso, can you please introduce Tommaso, can you please introduce yourself? And I'm so sorry about this. yourself? And I'm so sorry about this. yourself? And I'm so sorry about this. &gt;&gt; Yeah, no, sure. Uh I'm a cloud solution &gt;&gt; Yeah, no, sure. Uh I'm a cloud solution &gt;&gt; Yeah, no, sure. Uh I'm a cloud solution architect. So, I work I work in the architect. So, I work I work in the architect. So, I work I work in the field. Um field. Um field. Um and sometimes I find myself like and sometimes I find myself like and sometimes I find myself like collaborating with some internal team at collaborating with some internal team at collaborating with some internal team at Microsoft. And this case, I I I'm super Microsoft. And this case, I I I'm super Microsoft. And this case, I I I'm super like I'm super into Aspire. I love like I'm super into Aspire. I love like I'm super into Aspire. I love Aspire. And of course, Foundry is like Aspire. And of course, Foundry is like Aspire. And of course, Foundry is like the main big thing we have right now. the main big thing we have right now. the main big thing we have right now. So, I wanted to actually uh So, I wanted to actually uh So, I wanted to actually uh close the gaps between Aspire and close the gaps between Aspire and close the gaps between Aspire and Foundry to make them cooperate better. Foundry to make them cooperate better. Foundry to make them cooperate better. And an actual software engineer from the And an actual software engineer from the And an actual software engineer from the uh Foundry team started this a long time uh Foundry team started this a long time uh Foundry team started this a long time ago. He started working on the Foundry ago. He started working on the Foundry ago. He started working on the Foundry integration itself. And he had like like integration itself. And he had like like integration itself. And he had like like 80% of the work there. But we were 80% of the work there. But we were 80% of the work there. But we were missing some real support for um the new missing some real support for um the new missing some real support for um the new version of the Hosted Agent and the version of the Hosted Agent and the version of the Hosted Agent and the Prompt Agent. So, I was like, "Yeah, Prompt Agent. So, I was like, "Yeah, Prompt Agent. So, I was like, "Yeah, I'll I'll take on that." And with the I'll I'll take on that." And with the I'll I'll take on that." And with the help of the Aspire team, of course, and help of the Aspire team, of course, and help of the Aspire team, of course, and Eric Edlund has been like amazing Eric Edlund has been like amazing Eric Edlund has been like amazing helping me out closing all the PRs. We helping me out closing all the PRs. We helping me out closing all the PRs. We were able to publish with 13.4 working were able to publish with 13.4 working were able to publish with 13.4 working version of the support for the whole version of the support for the whole version of the support for the whole Foundry world inside Aspire and that's Foundry world inside Aspire and that's Foundry world inside Aspire and that's been great. I think it's a great use been great. I think it's a great use been great. I think it's a great use that experience. that experience. that experience. &gt;&gt; Yes, and I don't know where we are &gt;&gt; Yes, and I don't know where we are &gt;&gt; Yes, and I don't know where we are today. Let me share my screen a little. today. Let me share my screen a little. today. Let me share my screen a little. Let's talk a little about this. Let's do Let's talk a little about this. Let's do Let's talk a little about this. Let's do an Aspire stop here because one we were an Aspire stop here because one we were an Aspire stop here because one we were literally talking about this. Something literally talking about this. Something literally talking about this. Something that I really really like and not like that I really really like and not like that I really really like and not like about Aspire. So, I have here 13.4.3 about Aspire. So, I have here 13.4.3 about Aspire. So, I have here 13.4.3 whatever, but I'm sure if I do an Aspire whatever, but I'm sure if I do an Aspire whatever, but I'm sure if I do an Aspire update self, I will get and I am going update self, I will get and I am going update self, I will get and I am going to go stable. This is where I live. I to go stable. This is where I live. I to go stable. This is where I live. I need to I don't I am not going crazy need to I don't I am not going crazy need to I don't I am not going crazy with daily and more, but I'm I was doing with daily and more, but I'm I was doing with daily and more, but I'm I was doing yes yesterday this this for another yes yesterday this this for another yes yesterday this this for another event and more. Yes, we have a new event and more. Yes, we have a new event and more. Yes, we have a new version. So, version. So, version. So, we have version of Aspire literally we have version of Aspire literally we have version of Aspire literally every day. I think it's a day that's the every day. I think it's a day that's the every day. I think it's a day that's the daily daily daily I think we it's a daily and it's super I think we it's a daily and it's super I think we it's a daily and it's super nice because every time we have new nice because every time we have new nice because every time we have new stuff about. But hey, before going there stuff about. But hey, before going there stuff about. But hey, before going there super quickly and let me switch here. super quickly and let me switch here. super quickly and let me switch here. Couple of links that we we we usually Couple of links that we we we usually Couple of links that we we we usually always start with a couple of links to always start with a couple of links to always start with a couple of links to see here. see here. see here. Dan Dan Dan make a nice recap of the session that we make a nice recap of the session that we make a nice recap of the session that we hosted at Build. hosted at Build. hosted at Build. By the way, this is recorded. We haven't By the way, this is recorded. We haven't By the way, this is recorded. We haven't talked about that, but if you're talked about that, but if you're talked about that, but if you're watching this, I am going to be in watching this, I am going to be in watching this, I am going to be in Spain. Tomas is in Milan. Spain. Tomas is in Milan. Spain. Tomas is in Milan. The time zone didn't work great for both The time zone didn't work great for both The time zone didn't work great for both of us. So, we are recording this. So, of us. So, we are recording this. So, of us. So, we are recording this. So, this is one week for us, but this is two this is one week for us, but this is two this is one week for us, but this is two week when you are watching the week when you are watching the week when you are watching the recording. And I like that we have a recording. And I like that we have a recording. And I like that we have a couple of new focus C# sessions like couple of new focus C# sessions like couple of new focus C# sessions like union types and 11.net 11. I haven't union types and 11.net 11. I haven't union types and 11.net 11. I haven't played I I did my hello world here. I played I I did my hello world here. I played I I did my hello world here. I haven't go deep in the new versions. haven't go deep in the new versions. haven't go deep in the new versions. Then I did this one around AI building Then I did this one around AI building Then I did this one around AI building blocks and we have also authentic with blocks and we have also authentic with blocks and we have also authentic with .NET 11 .NET 11 .NET 11 taking the Maui and the edge. So, there taking the Maui and the edge. So, there taking the Maui and the edge. So, there are a lot of sessions. Take a look here are a lot of sessions. Take a look here are a lot of sessions. Take a look here the ones that we have and I really the ones that we have and I really the ones that we have and I really really and again this is going to happen really and again this is going to happen really and again this is going to happen in a in a in a 2 days after you 2 days before you seen 2 days after you 2 days before you seen 2 days after you 2 days before you seen this on Monday. We are hosting a full this on Monday. We are hosting a full this on Monday. We are hosting a full day. It's full day. It's a couple of day. It's full day. It's a couple of day. It's full day. It's a couple of hours 30 minutes session around hours 30 minutes session around hours 30 minutes session around authentic modernizations for .NET authentic modernizations for .NET authentic modernizations for .NET project .NET solution .NET code and it's project .NET solution .NET code and it's project .NET solution .NET code and it's a super nice story because I was a super nice story because I was a super nice story because I was watching some of the recordings and the watching some of the recordings and the watching some of the recordings and the contents and I learned a lot of stuff contents and I learned a lot of stuff contents and I learned a lot of stuff that I didn't know that we can do with that I didn't know that we can do with that I didn't know that we can do with Copilot doing modernizations and more. Copilot doing modernizations and more. Copilot doing modernizations and more. So, take a look at this So, take a look at this So, take a look at this really really focus on if you have any really really focus on if you have any really really focus on if you have any questions and more you know where to questions and more you know where to questions and more you know where to find this, but this was a fun one find this, but this was a fun one find this, but this was a fun one because there are still a lot of code because there are still a lot of code because there are still a lot of code there that need to be upgraded to the there that need to be upgraded to the there that need to be upgraded to the latest and greatest .NET and not just latest and greatest .NET and not just latest and greatest .NET and not just that adding stuff on top of that adding that adding stuff on top of that adding that adding stuff on top of that adding making the application more smarter. making the application more smarter. making the application more smarter. It's so much easier today. But but today It's so much easier today. But but today It's so much easier today. But but today we are here to talk about this. we are here to talk about this. we are here to talk about this. Let me put it here with a nice zoom. So, Let me put it here with a nice zoom. So, Let me put it here with a nice zoom. So, let's talk about multi-agent systems and let's talk about multi-agent systems and let's talk about multi-agent systems and Aspire Microsoft isn't framework more Aspire Microsoft isn't framework more Aspire Microsoft isn't framework more and you can see here Tommaso as the and you can see here Tommaso as the and you can see here Tommaso as the author and I really really like this and author and I really really like this and author and I really really like this and I really really like when literally was I really really like when literally was I really really like when literally was what? 2 days ago? 3 days ago? I can't what? 2 days ago? 3 days ago? I can't what? 2 days ago? 3 days ago? I can't remember. remember. remember. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Tommaso. &gt;&gt; Tommaso. &gt;&gt; Tommaso. &gt;&gt; Uh 2 days ago I think. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Uh 2 days ago I think. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Uh 2 days ago I think. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yes and hey, do you want to give us kind &gt;&gt; Yes and hey, do you want to give us kind &gt;&gt; Yes and hey, do you want to give us kind of an overview of the blog post? I mean of an overview of the blog post? I mean of an overview of the blog post? I mean &gt;&gt; Sure thing. &gt;&gt; Sure thing. &gt;&gt; Sure thing. &gt;&gt; talk about this, but you are the author. &gt;&gt; talk about this, but you are the author. &gt;&gt; talk about this, but you are the author. I feel very bad. I feel very bad. I feel very bad. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; That's the reason why I'm here, right? &gt;&gt; That's the reason why I'm here, right? &gt;&gt; That's the reason why I'm here, right? Yeah. So, the the main idea behind this Yeah. So, the the main idea behind this Yeah. So, the the main idea behind this blog post is to showcase like everything blog post is to showcase like everything blog post is to showcase like everything you like first the news and then you like first the news and then you like first the news and then everything you can do with all the the everything you can do with all the the everything you can do with all the the tools that we give you as developers. tools that we give you as developers. tools that we give you as developers. So, the main thing of course the big So, the main thing of course the big So, the main thing of course the big thing is uh, the Foundry supporting thing is uh, the Foundry supporting thing is uh, the Foundry supporting Aspire. So, not only, because in the Aspire. So, not only, because in the Aspire. So, not only, because in the previous version we only had Foundry previous version we only had Foundry previous version we only had Foundry resource and deployment. But now, you resource and deployment. But now, you resource and deployment. But now, you know, Foundry has evolved towards, uh, know, Foundry has evolved towards, uh, know, Foundry has evolved towards, uh, the use of projects and all the hosted the use of projects and all the hosted the use of projects and all the hosted agent, prompts agent, and there was like agent, prompts agent, and there was like agent, prompts agent, and there was like nothing of that. So, we add the support nothing of that. So, we add the support nothing of that. So, we add the support to cover that scenario, so that we you to cover that scenario, so that we you to cover that scenario, so that we you can actually map your up host to, uh, can actually map your up host to, uh, can actually map your up host to, uh, the modern Foundry version, uh, of of the modern Foundry version, uh, of of the modern Foundry version, uh, of of things. And that's the first part of the things. And that's the first part of the things. And that's the first part of the log, so where I introduced the Foundry log, so where I introduced the Foundry log, so where I introduced the Foundry accounts, project model deployment, accounts, project model deployment, accounts, project model deployment, prompt agent, and hosted agent. And prompt agent, and hosted agent. And prompt agent, and hosted agent. And then, uh, the actual demo, which I'm then, uh, the actual demo, which I'm then, uh, the actual demo, which I'm going to show you, uh, you live today, going to show you, uh, you live today, going to show you, uh, you live today, but, uh, the demo is something that I but, uh, the demo is something that I but, uh, the demo is something that I use myself, uh, use myself, uh, use myself, uh, in my daily job, because I need to have in my daily job, because I need to have in my daily job, because I need to have demos to, uh, talk about all the, uh, demos to, uh, talk about all the, uh, demos to, uh, talk about all the, uh, all the Microsoft world, uh, when it all the Microsoft world, uh, when it all the Microsoft world, uh, when it comes to, uh, AI, uh, AI apps, uh, comes to, uh, AI, uh, AI apps, uh, comes to, uh, AI, uh, AI apps, uh, coding, and the development and coding, and the development and coding, and the development and deployment. So, I have like shoved deployment. So, I have like shoved deployment. So, I have like shoved everything in there, like H2A agents, everything in there, like H2A agents, everything in there, like H2A agents, agent test tool, Microsoft agent agent test tool, Microsoft agent agent test tool, Microsoft agent framework, Aspire, Foundry. Uh, that's a framework, Aspire, Foundry. Uh, that's a framework, Aspire, Foundry. Uh, that's a scenario that I've created myself, the scenario that I've created myself, the scenario that I've created myself, the the the the ski resort demo, just the the the ski resort demo, just the the the ski resort demo, just because I am passionate about skiing. because I am passionate about skiing. because I am passionate about skiing. That's what I like to do in my, uh, That's what I like to do in my, uh, That's what I like to do in my, uh, spare time, when when I can. spare time, when when I can. spare time, when when I can. And so, I've created this like, uh, fake And so, I've created this like, uh, fake And so, I've created this like, uh, fake ski resort dashboard demo, where you ski resort dashboard demo, where you ski resort dashboard demo, where you have all the data for the the slopes, have all the data for the the slopes, have all the data for the the slopes, and you have an agent, and you can talk and you have an agent, and you can talk and you have an agent, and you can talk with the agent, and ask him like how to with the agent, and ask him like how to with the agent, and ask him like how to plan your day, and have some sort of plan your day, and have some sort of plan your day, and have some sort of coaching on certain things. coaching on certain things. coaching on certain things. And all the different scenarios mapped And all the different scenarios mapped And all the different scenarios mapped pretty well to a distributed agent pretty well to a distributed agent pretty well to a distributed agent scenario, and of course, Aspire is great scenario, and of course, Aspire is great scenario, and of course, Aspire is great when you have to deal with distributed when you have to deal with distributed when you have to deal with distributed applications. applications. applications. So, my idea is basically to, uh, borrow So, my idea is basically to, uh, borrow So, my idea is basically to, uh, borrow the architecture from the microservices the architecture from the microservices the architecture from the microservices world, where you segregate all the world, where you segregate all the world, where you segregate all the different agents into very specific different agents into very specific different agents into very specific tools. tools. tools. Uh, so, you have the weather agent, and Uh, so, you have the weather agent, and Uh, so, you have the weather agent, and that only cares about weather and the that only cares about weather and the that only cares about weather and the live traffic agent, safety agent, all live traffic agent, safety agent, all live traffic agent, safety agent, all the all these agents are very vertical the all these agents are very vertical the all these agents are very vertical and specified on certain things. Of and specified on certain things. Of and specified on certain things. Of course, you can do this with skills. course, you can do this with skills. course, you can do this with skills. That's another way to do that. But in That's another way to do that. But in That's another way to do that. But in this case I did it with agent because this case I did it with agent because this case I did it with agent because that's what I wanted to show all the that's what I wanted to show all the that's what I wanted to show all the different ways you can code an agent in different ways you can code an agent in different ways you can code an agent in different languages, Python and .NET. different languages, Python and .NET. different languages, Python and .NET. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's not let me put a pin there &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's not let me put a pin there &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's not let me put a pin there because you are not the first one where because you are not the first one where because you are not the first one where I heard and I also have the same idea I heard and I also have the same idea I heard and I also have the same idea that everything that we learn about that everything that we learn about that everything that we learn about microservices and we we we work with microservices and we we we work with microservices and we we we work with microservices for 10 plus year, microservices for 10 plus year, microservices for 10 plus year, whatever. whatever. whatever. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Can be easily applied when we start to &gt;&gt; Can be easily applied when we start to &gt;&gt; Can be easily applied when we start to feel about how we can have agents, how feel about how we can have agents, how feel about how we can have agents, how we can scale with agents, how the agent we can scale with agents, how the agent we can scale with agents, how the agent can talk together. Again, you are not can talk together. Again, you are not can talk together. Again, you are not the first but I'm happy that oh yeah, he the first but I'm happy that oh yeah, he the first but I'm happy that oh yeah, he has the same idea. has the same idea. has the same idea. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah. &gt;&gt; Very smart people going in that &gt;&gt; Very smart people going in that &gt;&gt; Very smart people going in that direction, which is great. And more with direction, which is great. And more with direction, which is great. And more with this because if people are new here this because if people are new here this because if people are new here and I I scroll this very fast, this is and I I scroll this very fast, this is and I I scroll this very fast, this is kind of the two versions and there are kind of the two versions and there are kind of the two versions and there are more but bear with us for a moment. This more but bear with us for a moment. This more but bear with us for a moment. This is the kind of the two versions of agent is the kind of the two versions of agent is the kind of the two versions of agent that we have today. We have kind of that we have today. We have kind of that we have today. We have kind of declarative agents, the one that you declarative agents, the one that you declarative agents, the one that you create a tool where here and then you create a tool where here and then you create a tool where here and then you say hey, create the prompt agents. You say hey, create the prompt agents. You say hey, create the prompt agents. You have your instructions. The agent is a have your instructions. The agent is a have your instructions. The agent is a tied to attached to a model, GPT-5 mini tied to attached to a model, GPT-5 mini tied to attached to a model, GPT-5 mini or whatever. Go crazy and use cloud. or whatever. Go crazy and use cloud. or whatever. Go crazy and use cloud. Now we have cloud. No, cloud no, we have Now we have cloud. No, cloud no, we have Now we have cloud. No, cloud no, we have fable five, if I the most expensive and fable five, if I the most expensive and fable five, if I the most expensive and amazing model ever. But hey, this is an amazing model ever. But hey, this is an amazing model ever. But hey, this is an agent that bases on the declaration and agent that bases on the declaration and agent that bases on the declaration and then you have it here and that's it. And then you have it here and that's it. And then you have it here and that's it. And then we have also hosted agents. then we have also hosted agents. then we have also hosted agents. And hosted agents are different in the And hosted agents are different in the And hosted agents are different in the sense that sense that sense that are coded agents that you run locally are coded agents that you run locally are coded agents that you run locally and give me honest here, Tommaso, if I and give me honest here, Tommaso, if I and give me honest here, Tommaso, if I say something that is not like this. say something that is not like this. say something that is not like this. That you basically code and run locally That you basically code and run locally That you basically code and run locally and work everything local and then when and work everything local and then when and work everything local and then when you are going to when your agent is you are going to when your agent is you are going to when your agent is ready to be back and and deploy, you ready to be back and and deploy, you ready to be back and and deploy, you basically containerize the agent and you basically containerize the agent and you basically containerize the agent and you deploy that in foundry. And in foundry deploy that in foundry. And in foundry deploy that in foundry. And in foundry what you have, I don't think I have I what you have, I don't think I have I what you have, I don't think I have I have this is a new sorry, this is a new have this is a new sorry, this is a new have this is a new sorry, this is a new No, I only have prompt agent. And in No, I only have prompt agent. And in No, I only have prompt agent. And in Foundry, when you go to your project and Foundry, when you go to your project and Foundry, when you go to your project and you start to see you will see agents, you start to see you will see agents, you start to see you will see agents, you will see the type and you will have you will see the type and you will have you will see the type and you will have hosted and you will have hosted and you will have hosted and you will have the prompt agent. But what is important, the prompt agent. But what is important, the prompt agent. But what is important, what I really really like, is that as a what I really really like, is that as a what I really really like, is that as a developer, as a .NET developer, the flow developer, as a .NET developer, the flow developer, as a .NET developer, the flow of having locally something and then of having locally something and then of having locally something and then moving to the cloud to Foundry with moving to the cloud to Foundry with moving to the cloud to Foundry with hosted agent, it's very very natural. hosted agent, it's very very natural. hosted agent, it's very very natural. It's literally ABC. And it was hard in It's literally ABC. And it was hard in It's literally ABC. And it was hard in the past. We need to figure out ways to the past. We need to figure out ways to the past. We need to figure out ways to do this with container apps and here and do this with container apps and here and do this with container apps and here and there. Right now, there. Right now, there. Right now, Microsoft Agent Framework, Foundry, and Microsoft Agent Framework, Foundry, and Microsoft Agent Framework, Foundry, and now also Aspire give us everything that now also Aspire give us everything that now also Aspire give us everything that we need to do that and I really really we need to do that and I really really we need to do that and I really really like it. So, sorry to to interrupt. It like it. So, sorry to to interrupt. It like it. So, sorry to to interrupt. It was kind of a to try to set up the was kind of a to try to set up the was kind of a to try to set up the content if someone is new to to hear content if someone is new to to hear content if someone is new to to hear because I really really like that and I because I really really like that and I because I really really like that and I also like that you have real-time voice also like that you have real-time voice also like that you have real-time voice agents. I'm a big fan of real-time. And agents. I'm a big fan of real-time. And agents. I'm a big fan of real-time. And And I hate I hate I love this. Let me go And I hate I hate I love this. Let me go And I hate I hate I love this. Let me go back here a little. Uh I hate and I love back here a little. Uh I hate and I love back here a little. Uh I hate and I love this because hey, this is amazing. Just this because hey, this is amazing. Just this because hey, this is amazing. Just one line to deploy a real-time model. It one line to deploy a real-time model. It one line to deploy a real-time model. It I love this. I did this in the past and I love this. I did this in the past and I love this. I did this in the past and my vision was crazy and the hacks here my vision was crazy and the hacks here my vision was crazy and the hacks here and there was Right now, hey, you want a and there was Right now, hey, you want a and there was Right now, hey, you want a real-time model? There it is and there real-time model? There it is and there real-time model? There it is and there you have it. So, you have it. So, you have it. So, I love it. Sorry sorry to interrupt, but I love it. Sorry sorry to interrupt, but I love it. Sorry sorry to interrupt, but I love it and I really really like the I love it and I really really like the I love it and I really really like the idea of of the reason. idea of of the reason. idea of of the reason. &gt;&gt; it was an important specification that &gt;&gt; it was an important specification that &gt;&gt; it was an important specification that Yeah, it's the the difference between I Yeah, it's the the difference between I Yeah, it's the the difference between I mean, I think that the main mean, I think that the main mean, I think that the main the main update that Foundry had is like the main update that Foundry had is like the main update that Foundry had is like it that Foundry is now a computer it that Foundry is now a computer it that Foundry is now a computer resource itself. resource itself. resource itself. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; You can use Foundry the same way as you &gt;&gt; You can use Foundry the same way as you &gt;&gt; You can use Foundry the same way as you Actually, Foundry uses ACA Azure Actually, Foundry uses ACA Azure Actually, Foundry uses ACA Azure Container Apps in the background, of Container Apps in the background, of Container Apps in the background, of course, but the fact that you can deploy course, but the fact that you can deploy course, but the fact that you can deploy your agent your custom agents to Foundry your agent your custom agents to Foundry your agent your custom agents to Foundry shows that Foundry has evolved really as shows that Foundry has evolved really as shows that Foundry has evolved really as a resource into different and new a resource into different and new a resource into different and new capabilities capabilities capabilities and those are really really important. and those are really really important. and those are really really important. Uh the yeah, the main difference between Uh the yeah, the main difference between Uh the yeah, the main difference between prompt agents and OC agents is basically prompt agents and OC agents is basically prompt agents and OC agents is basically the that the prompt agent is when you the that the prompt agent is when you the that the prompt agent is when you need to use like something uh pretty need to use like something uh pretty need to use like something uh pretty small as just a prompt and few small as just a prompt and few small as just a prompt and few pre-configured tools pre-configured tools pre-configured tools and that's your agent that you don't and that's your agent that you don't and that's your agent that you don't need to do like anything fancy and want need to do like anything fancy and want need to do like anything fancy and want to handle the actual code inside the to handle the actual code inside the to handle the actual code inside the agent, uh prompt agents are great on agent, uh prompt agents are great on agent, uh prompt agents are great on that side. that side. that side. Uh and the advisor agent the sorry, the Uh and the advisor agent the sorry, the Uh and the advisor agent the sorry, the OC agent is a more complex scenario OC agent is a more complex scenario OC agent is a more complex scenario which is what I do here basically when I which is what I do here basically when I which is what I do here basically when I need to create an orchestrator that uses need to create an orchestrator that uses need to create an orchestrator that uses multiple sub-agents as tools, multiple sub-agents as tools, multiple sub-agents as tools, uh that's when you want to move towards uh that's when you want to move towards uh that's when you want to move towards a more like complex agent as this. And a more like complex agent as this. And a more like complex agent as this. And once again, there are many many once again, there are many many once again, there are many many different ways to do what I do in this different ways to do what I do in this different ways to do what I do in this demo. This demo is demo. This demo is demo. This demo is I chose a path just because I wanted to I chose a path just because I wanted to I chose a path just because I wanted to show uh a certain level of integration show uh a certain level of integration show uh a certain level of integration between different things such as between different things such as between different things such as all the different sub-agents are exposed all the different sub-agents are exposed all the different sub-agents are exposed via HWA via HWA via HWA and I specifically choose to host them and I specifically choose to host them and I specifically choose to host them in Azure Container Apps. So, HWA is if in Azure Container Apps. So, HWA is if in Azure Container Apps. So, HWA is if you don't know about that is you don't know about that is you don't know about that is agent-to-agent protocol. It's basically agent-to-agent protocol. It's basically agent-to-agent protocol. It's basically a protocol to expose agents and interact a protocol to expose agents and interact a protocol to expose agents and interact with those with those agents. Basically, with those with those agents. Basically, with those with those agents. Basically, uh you say that your agents uh you say that your agents uh you say that your agents will reply if you invoke a certain local will reply if you invoke a certain local will reply if you invoke a certain local a certain path a certain endpoint at a certain path a certain endpoint at a certain path a certain endpoint at slash message slash message slash message stream and if you send a certain payload stream and if you send a certain payload stream and if you send a certain payload and respect the protocol, the agent will and respect the protocol, the agent will and respect the protocol, the agent will respond with the corresponding payload. respond with the corresponding payload. respond with the corresponding payload. So, it's a way to standardize the way So, it's a way to standardize the way So, it's a way to standardize the way you invoke the agents, but you have you invoke the agents, but you have you invoke the agents, but you have other other other protocols such as MCP and you also have protocols such as MCP and you also have protocols such as MCP and you also have of course responses API which are the of course responses API which are the of course responses API which are the one that Foundry OC agent is. one that Foundry OC agent is. one that Foundry OC agent is. Uh but in this case, I wanted to Uh but in this case, I wanted to Uh but in this case, I wanted to actually show how you can combine and a actually show how you can combine and a actually show how you can combine and a foundry hosted agent which is exposed foundry hosted agent which is exposed foundry hosted agent which is exposed via responses API with sub agents as via responses API with sub agents as via responses API with sub agents as tool exposed in HOA and those sub agents tool exposed in HOA and those sub agents tool exposed in HOA and those sub agents are actually hosted inside Azure are actually hosted inside Azure are actually hosted inside Azure container ups but foundry can go ahead container ups but foundry can go ahead container ups but foundry can go ahead and take the endpoint from Azure and take the endpoint from Azure and take the endpoint from Azure container ups and use them to configure container ups and use them to configure container ups and use them to configure its own sub agents its own sub agents its own sub agents and of course this is where a spire like and of course this is where a spire like and of course this is where a spire like become more and more useful because this become more and more useful because this become more and more useful because this is is is in theory a mess to configure in theory a mess to configure in theory a mess to configure &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; but if you have a spire you have like a &gt;&gt; but if you have a spire you have like a &gt;&gt; but if you have a spire you have like a clear view of what you're doing and what clear view of what you're doing and what clear view of what you're doing and what you're not doing and once again for the you're not doing and once again for the you're not doing and once again for the voice advisory agent you can actually voice advisory agent you can actually voice advisory agent you can actually take a foundry hosted agent and simple take a foundry hosted agent and simple take a foundry hosted agent and simple tick enable voice API's. tick enable voice API's. tick enable voice API's. &gt;&gt; Yes that's something that you can find I &gt;&gt; Yes that's something that you can find I &gt;&gt; Yes that's something that you can find I don't know where I don't know when don't know where I don't know when don't know where I don't know when I think it's still in preview but yes I think it's still in preview but yes I think it's still in preview but yes this is it you can pick up any agent I this is it you can pick up any agent I this is it you can pick up any agent I haven't I haven't answered with haven't I haven't answered with haven't I haven't answered with sorry I'm sorry with voice but when you sorry I'm sorry with voice but when you sorry I'm sorry with voice but when you do this that's it you need to pick up do this that's it you need to pick up do this that's it you need to pick up the model that you want to use by the the model that you want to use by the the model that you want to use by the way we have transcribed here I seen I way we have transcribed here I seen I way we have transcribed here I seen I seen this yesterday two days ago it was seen this yesterday two days ago it was seen this yesterday two days ago it was oh my god oh my god oh my god the new Microsoft AI models are already the new Microsoft AI models are already the new Microsoft AI models are already here or your custom model and that's it here or your custom model and that's it here or your custom model and that's it and then you need to define your which and then you need to define your which and then you need to define your which what you want to do how you are going to what you want to do how you are going to what you want to do how you are going to do the path and more so this is all real do the path and more so this is all real do the path and more so this is all real time and I really like it and the time and I really like it and the time and I really like it and the important part as you mentioned is that important part as you mentioned is that important part as you mentioned is that this is a prompt agent I don't have a this is a prompt agent I don't have a this is a prompt agent I don't have a I'm going to quickly deploy one custom I'm going to quickly deploy one custom I'm going to quickly deploy one custom agent or we switch to your screen you agent or we switch to your screen you agent or we switch to your screen you probably have one but everything else probably have one but everything else probably have one but everything else I don't want to say everything else that I don't want to say everything else that I don't want to say everything else that you have in example in terms of traces you have in example in terms of traces you have in example in terms of traces monitoring evaluation is the same for a monitoring evaluation is the same for a monitoring evaluation is the same for a hosted agent and for the prompt agent so hosted agent and for the prompt agent so hosted agent and for the prompt agent so if you want to monitor and see the if you want to monitor and see the if you want to monitor and see the traces and you want to monitor with traces and you want to monitor with traces and you want to monitor with Azure monitor API insights or whatever Azure monitor API insights or whatever Azure monitor API insights or whatever I'm old school I'm old school I'm old school hey it's going to be the same what is hey it's going to be the same what is hey it's going to be the same what is what is nice here is an example in what is nice here is an example in what is nice here is an example in in this agent is that you can define the in this agent is that you can define the in this agent is that you can define the identity and you can also I already have identity and you can also I already have identity and you can also I already have this one enabled with A2A protocol. So this one enabled with A2A protocol. So this one enabled with A2A protocol. So it's also be able to talk with this it's also be able to talk with this it's also be able to talk with this because yes, A2A is the way to go this because yes, A2A is the way to go this because yes, A2A is the way to go this day. And I think day. And I think day. And I think &gt;&gt; One of the ways, one of the ways for &gt;&gt; One of the ways, one of the ways for &gt;&gt; One of the ways, one of the ways for sure. Yeah. sure. Yeah. sure. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yes, everybody is excited with this. We &gt;&gt; Yes, everybody is excited with this. We &gt;&gt; Yes, everybody is excited with this. We were doing sessions with the Nvidia were doing sessions with the Nvidia were doing sessions with the Nvidia people people people and the Nvidia isn't toolkit also goes and the Nvidia isn't toolkit also goes and the Nvidia isn't toolkit also goes by default to A2A and as you have it by default to A2A and as you have it by default to A2A and as you have it here, it's kind of easy to have a Python here, it's kind of easy to have a Python here, it's kind of easy to have a Python agent exposed with A2A with a dotnet agent exposed with A2A with a dotnet agent exposed with A2A with a dotnet agent and because Microsoft agent agent and because Microsoft agent agent and because Microsoft agent framework support A2A, all of the glue framework support A2A, all of the glue framework support A2A, all of the glue it's easier and as you mentioned and it's easier and as you mentioned and it's easier and as you mentioned and orchestration right now as far as I make orchestration right now as far as I make orchestration right now as far as I make it look kind of nice and clean and more it look kind of nice and clean and more it look kind of nice and clean and more because otherwise I like what you because otherwise I like what you because otherwise I like what you mentioned it was usually a mess. But mentioned it was usually a mess. But mentioned it was usually a mess. But sorry, sorry about this. sorry, sorry about this. sorry, sorry about this. &gt;&gt; I think A2A works like super fine when &gt;&gt; I think A2A works like super fine when &gt;&gt; I think A2A works like super fine when you want to implement a pattern such as you want to implement a pattern such as you want to implement a pattern such as the one I'm using of like agent as the one I'm using of like agent as the one I'm using of like agent as tools. So you can find an agent that's tools. So you can find an agent that's tools. So you can find an agent that's supposed to be A2A, it's really really supposed to be A2A, it's really really supposed to be A2A, it's really really simple. A2A has this simple. A2A has this simple. A2A has this specification where the agent exposes specification where the agent exposes specification where the agent exposes a card, an agent card is called which is a card, an agent card is called which is a card, an agent card is called which is basically the basically the basically the the ID document of the agent, right? the ID document of the agent, right? the ID document of the agent, right? It's saying like I am name, I run at It's saying like I am name, I run at It's saying like I am name, I run at endpoint and I have these certain skills endpoint and I have these certain skills endpoint and I have these certain skills and you can invoke me in streaming or and you can invoke me in streaming or and you can invoke me in streaming or non-streaming mode. So that anyone can non-streaming mode. So that anyone can non-streaming mode. So that anyone can actually read the card and yeah, infer actually read the card and yeah, infer actually read the card and yeah, infer from that how to actually use the agent from that how to actually use the agent from that how to actually use the agent itself. And the agent card path is itself. And the agent card path is itself. And the agent card path is usually exposed as well-known agent card usually exposed as well-known agent card usually exposed as well-known agent card of JSON. of JSON. of JSON. So when you do that you can actually So when you do that you can actually So when you do that you can actually create your own like uh create your own like uh create your own like uh basket of agents that you can reuse basket of agents that you can reuse basket of agents that you can reuse among among among among multiple applications or in among multiple applications or in among multiple applications or in different places and that's where the different places and that's where the different places and that's where the microservices uh microservices uh microservices uh metaphor comes to to mind because the metaphor comes to to mind because the metaphor comes to to mind because the the way you do with the way you do with the way you do with with with with when you deploy a single like when you deploy a single like when you deploy a single like microservice and you reuse that in microservice and you reuse that in microservice and you reuse that in different part of your application. different part of your application. different part of your application. That's one of the advantages of using of That's one of the advantages of using of That's one of the advantages of using of like thinking of agents as like thinking of agents as like thinking of agents as microservices. And A2A is really really microservices. And A2A is really really microservices. And A2A is really really helpful in this scenario I think. You helpful in this scenario I think. You helpful in this scenario I think. You can do that like once again in many many can do that like once again in many many can do that like once again in many many different times ways as different times ways as different times ways as I usually think of the joke. You know I usually think of the joke. You know I usually think of the joke. You know the the the old joke about the the the old joke about the the the old joke about IT and tech where you have like four IT and tech where you have like four IT and tech where you have like four existing protocols and one one guy came existing protocols and one one guy came existing protocols and one one guy came along and says, along and says, along and says, "Four is too much. We need to create a "Four is too much. We need to create a "Four is too much. We need to create a unified protocol." And now you have five unified protocol." And now you have five unified protocol." And now you have five protocols. protocols. protocols. &gt;&gt; You have five. &gt;&gt; You have five. &gt;&gt; You have five. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's what's happening with &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's what's happening with &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's what's happening with agents and AI and it's kind of crazy to agents and AI and it's kind of crazy to agents and AI and it's kind of crazy to keep up with that. New frameworks come keep up with that. New frameworks come keep up with that. New frameworks come out every day and new protocols come out out every day and new protocols come out out every day and new protocols come out every day. So you can do this with MCP, every day. So you can do this with MCP, every day. So you can do this with MCP, HOA responses. That's just my way to do HOA responses. That's just my way to do HOA responses. That's just my way to do this because I want to show different this because I want to show different this because I want to show different things in this application. But yeah. things in this application. But yeah. things in this application. But yeah. &gt;&gt; And before going to see some code and &gt;&gt; And before going to see some code and &gt;&gt; And before going to see some code and going to to your screen, going to to your screen, going to to your screen, what I want to do you want me to share what I want to do you want me to share what I want to do you want me to share your screen? your screen? your screen? &gt;&gt; Yeah, you can go ahead and share my &gt;&gt; Yeah, you can go ahead and share my &gt;&gt; Yeah, you can go ahead and share my screen. screen. screen. &gt;&gt; Perfect. So what I really really like &gt;&gt; Perfect. So what I really really like &gt;&gt; Perfect. So what I really really like about all of this also is that they are about all of this also is that they are about all of this also is that they are very I mean A2A. We talk about MCP. We very I mean A2A. We talk about MCP. We very I mean A2A. We talk about MCP. We talk about responses and more. The talk about responses and more. The talk about responses and more. The frameworks that we have right now, the frameworks that we have right now, the frameworks that we have right now, the libraries that we have right now, libraries that we have right now, libraries that we have right now, Microsoft attention for AI, Microsoft Microsoft attention for AI, Microsoft Microsoft attention for AI, Microsoft agent framework and more are very very agent framework and more are very very agent framework and more are very very well supported here. So if you want to well supported here. So if you want to well supported here. So if you want to do A2A, I think A2A as a specification do A2A, I think A2A as a specification do A2A, I think A2A as a specification is already on GA. I don't know if the is already on GA. I don't know if the is already on GA. I don't know if the agent framework implementation is there agent framework implementation is there agent framework implementation is there or still in preview, but it's going to or still in preview, but it's going to or still in preview, but it's going to get there more, but everything is well get there more, but everything is well get there more, but everything is well supported. So it's crazy. So hey, let's supported. So it's crazy. So hey, let's supported. So it's crazy. So hey, let's see some code. Oh, I love it. see some code. Oh, I love it. see some code. Oh, I love it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, so this is a &gt;&gt; Yeah, so this is a &gt;&gt; Yeah, so this is a basic sample that I had lying around basic sample that I had lying around basic sample that I had lying around where I was investigating an issue that where I was investigating an issue that where I was investigating an issue that we have now solved with Foundry Inspire, we have now solved with Foundry Inspire, we have now solved with Foundry Inspire, but just to give you an idea of like but just to give you an idea of like but just to give you an idea of like before going into the whole ski resort before going into the whole ski resort before going into the whole ski resort demo, which is more complex, but this is demo, which is more complex, but this is demo, which is more complex, but this is how you would start. So, you start with how you would start. So, you start with how you would start. So, you start with uh, the uh, Aspire AppHost and you have uh, the uh, Aspire AppHost and you have uh, the uh, Aspire AppHost and you have the new uh, Aspire Hosting Foundry. the new uh, Aspire Hosting Foundry. the new uh, Aspire Hosting Foundry. Uh, we have actually debated about the Uh, we have actually debated about the Uh, we have actually debated about the name here because it was first Azure name here because it was first Azure name here because it was first Azure Foundry, now it's Microsoft Foundry, and Foundry, now it's Microsoft Foundry, and Foundry, now it's Microsoft Foundry, and it's Microsoft [laughter] AI Foundry. it's Microsoft [laughter] AI Foundry. it's Microsoft [laughter] AI Foundry. So, we were okay, Aspire Hosting Foundry So, we were okay, Aspire Hosting Foundry So, we were okay, Aspire Hosting Foundry it looks fine. Never mind. Uh, it looks fine. Never mind. Uh, it looks fine. Never mind. Uh, &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; and &gt;&gt; and &gt;&gt; and so, builder app foundry. So, here you so, builder app foundry. So, here you so, builder app foundry. So, here you define your actual foundry resource and define your actual foundry resource and define your actual foundry resource and then you attach a project to the foundry then you attach a project to the foundry then you attach a project to the foundry resource. And then to the project you resource. And then to the project you resource. And then to the project you deploy models. So, in this case I am deploy models. So, in this case I am deploy models. So, in this case I am only going with GPT-4-1 in the chat only going with GPT-4-1 in the chat only going with GPT-4-1 in the chat version. I will be using a lot GPT-4-1 version. I will be using a lot GPT-4-1 version. I will be using a lot GPT-4-1 mainly because of uh, capability and mainly because of uh, capability and mainly because of uh, capability and availability reasons uh, across all the availability reasons uh, across all the availability reasons uh, across all the Microsoft regions. We are internal at Microsoft regions. We are internal at Microsoft regions. We are internal at Microsoft, we uh, try to not like over Microsoft, we uh, try to not like over Microsoft, we uh, try to not like over overload our resources overload our resources overload our resources and subscriptions, but yeah, the and and subscriptions, but yeah, the and and subscriptions, but yeah, the and then you add a weather agent. Uh, in then you add a weather agent. Uh, in then you add a weather agent. Uh, in this case it's a this case it's a this case it's a simple the classic weather agent. And simple the classic weather agent. And simple the classic weather agent. And this is this is this is the user experience that you have with the user experience that you have with the user experience that you have with Aspire. And if you're not familiar with Aspire. And if you're not familiar with Aspire. And if you're not familiar with Aspire, first I would recommend uh, Aspire, first I would recommend uh, Aspire, first I would recommend uh, Bruno you cited you coded a few uh, uh, Bruno you cited you coded a few uh, uh, Bruno you cited you coded a few uh, uh, a few session at Build and Maddie and a few session at Build and Maddie and a few session at Build and Maddie and David Fowler did a great session like an David Fowler did a great session like an David Fowler did a great session like an introductory session for uh, Aspire introductory session for uh, Aspire introductory session for uh, Aspire Build. But, Aspire is this uh, uh, Build. But, Aspire is this uh, uh, Build. But, Aspire is this uh, uh, developer tool really that you can use developer tool really that you can use developer tool really that you can use to define the entire entire to define the entire entire to define the entire entire infrastructure of your application as infrastructure of your application as infrastructure of your application as code. But, it's not like infrastructure code. But, it's not like infrastructure code. But, it's not like infrastructure as code as you may think with bicep and as code as you may think with bicep and as code as you may think with bicep and Terraform. It's actually code. Uh, you Terraform. It's actually code. Uh, you Terraform. It's actually code. Uh, you have the uh, apphost.cs file. You can have the uh, apphost.cs file. You can have the uh, apphost.cs file. You can also write this file in TypeScript. You also write this file in TypeScript. You also write this file in TypeScript. You will forgive me if I didn't. I'm will forgive me if I didn't. I'm will forgive me if I didn't. I'm I am more familiar with uh, C# but you I am more familiar with uh, C# but you I am more familiar with uh, C# but you can totally write this with TypeScript. can totally write this with TypeScript. can totally write this with TypeScript. &gt;&gt; We are in the .NET show, so this is what &gt;&gt; We are in the .NET show, so this is what &gt;&gt; We are in the .NET show, so this is what we want to see. we want to see. we want to see. &gt;&gt; Okay. Exactly. And uh, &gt;&gt; Okay. Exactly. And uh, &gt;&gt; Okay. Exactly. And uh, and here you have the concept of a and here you have the concept of a and here you have the concept of a distributed application builder. And as distributed application builder. And as distributed application builder. And as you do usually with the builders in you do usually with the builders in you do usually with the builders in .NET, you add things to the builder. So .NET, you add things to the builder. So .NET, you add things to the builder. So you add the Azure container apps you add the Azure container apps you add the Azure container apps environment because in here you're environment because in here you're environment because in here you're telling your Aspire runtime that you telling your Aspire runtime that you telling your Aspire runtime that you will deploy certain applications to ACA will deploy certain applications to ACA will deploy certain applications to ACA and then you start adding resources. The and then you start adding resources. The and then you start adding resources. The resources can either be like Azure resources can either be like Azure resources can either be like Azure resources when you as as for a foundry. resources when you as as for a foundry. resources when you as as for a foundry. So when you run the application, Aspire So when you run the application, Aspire So when you run the application, Aspire will start configuring your will start configuring your will start configuring your your resources and provisioning the the your resources and provisioning the the your resources and provisioning the the resources on foundry using the Azure CLI resources on foundry using the Azure CLI resources on foundry using the Azure CLI basically basically basically for authentication. for authentication. for authentication. And so it will generate bicep behind the And so it will generate bicep behind the And so it will generate bicep behind the curtains without actually showing them curtains without actually showing them curtains without actually showing them to you. to you. to you. And you will have those And you will have those And you will have those those resources provisioned on Azure and those resources provisioned on Azure and those resources provisioned on Azure and you will be able to use those you will be able to use those you will be able to use those those resources locally as connection those resources locally as connection those resources locally as connection strings basically. strings basically. strings basically. And And And you can add other kind of resources such you can add other kind of resources such you can add other kind of resources such as executable. And an executable can be as executable. And an executable can be as executable. And an executable can be like really really generic and I mean it like really really generic and I mean it like really really generic and I mean it like builder. add like builder. add like builder. add executable. executable. executable. Come on. Yeah. Come on. Yeah. Come on. Yeah. So you give it a name and an actual path So you give it a name and an actual path So you give it a name and an actual path or command to execute. But of course or command to execute. But of course or command to execute. But of course this is like a really really basic API. this is like a really really basic API. this is like a really really basic API. We built on that and we went for the add We built on that and we went for the add We built on that and we went for the add project or add vit app for project or add vit app for project or add vit app for NPX. NPM. NPX. NPM. NPX. NPM. And if you add this project or weather And if you add this project or weather And if you add this project or weather agent.net, you have an actual .NET agent.net, you have an actual .NET agent.net, you have an actual .NET project running inside your dashboard. project running inside your dashboard. project running inside your dashboard. And you use the with reference to And you use the with reference to And you use the with reference to reference actual things from the reference actual things from the reference actual things from the just the app host itself. So that Aspire just the app host itself. So that Aspire just the app host itself. So that Aspire when it starts all the different when it starts all the different when it starts all the different resources will inject the correct resources will inject the correct resources will inject the correct environment variables into the correct environment variables into the correct environment variables into the correct resources. resources. resources. And you have these uh fancy decorators And you have these uh fancy decorators And you have these uh fancy decorators here. So in this case I am saying, well, here. So in this case I am saying, well, here. So in this case I am saying, well, the weather agent is an the weather agent is an the weather agent is an is an hosted agent uh for project. So, I is an hosted agent uh for project. So, I is an hosted agent uh for project. So, I want to deploy this as an hosted agent want to deploy this as an hosted agent want to deploy this as an hosted agent to the project resource. And Aspire like to the project resource. And Aspire like to the project resource. And Aspire like wires everything in the background. And wires everything in the background. And wires everything in the background. And here you have another scenario with the here you have another scenario with the here you have another scenario with the uh Vit app uh with computer environment uh Vit app uh with computer environment uh Vit app uh with computer environment ACA. ACA. ACA. And you can And you can And you can Aspire run, it will start everything. We Aspire run, it will start everything. We Aspire run, it will start everything. We will see that in the actual demo itself. will see that in the actual demo itself. will see that in the actual demo itself. Or you can Aspire deploy. Or you can Aspire deploy. Or you can Aspire deploy. But what I did here is I used Aspire But what I did here is I used Aspire But what I did here is I used Aspire publish, publish, publish, which is some something I like really, which is some something I like really, which is some something I like really, really rarely do, but Aspire publish really rarely do, but Aspire publish really rarely do, but Aspire publish will write on disk uh the actual bicep will write on disk uh the actual bicep will write on disk uh the actual bicep that Aspire would use to deploy your that Aspire would use to deploy your that Aspire would use to deploy your application. So, we can take a look at application. So, we can take a look at application. So, we can take a look at what it does behind the curtains. what it does behind the curtains. what it does behind the curtains. And note that I have And note that I have And note that I have very, very little things here, just very, very little things here, just very, very little things here, just foundry, weather agent, and a front end. foundry, weather agent, and a front end. foundry, weather agent, and a front end. But Aspire has created resources for But Aspire has created resources for But Aspire has created resources for managed identities. Or for the Azure managed identities. Or for the Azure managed identities. Or for the Azure container registry, because of course I container registry, because of course I container registry, because of course I am using ACA and foundry, so things am using ACA and foundry, so things am using ACA and foundry, so things needs to be containerized before needs to be containerized before needs to be containerized before deploying. deploying. deploying. And Aspire knows that it will need an And Aspire knows that it will need an And Aspire knows that it will need an ECR. So, it will It's configuring all ECR. So, it will It's configuring all ECR. So, it will It's configuring all these uh crazy things that you need to these uh crazy things that you need to these uh crazy things that you need to do you need to think of when you want to do you need to think of when you want to do you need to think of when you want to deploy to Azure, so like identities, uh deploy to Azure, so like identities, uh deploy to Azure, so like identities, uh segregation, container registry, log segregation, container registry, log segregation, container registry, log analytics, app insights. analytics, app insights. analytics, app insights. All the things uh taken care of me. So, All the things uh taken care of me. So, All the things uh taken care of me. So, when you are done with it, you can when you are done with it, you can when you are done with it, you can simply Aspire run and it will start simply Aspire run and it will start simply Aspire run and it will start everything. I won't start this project everything. I won't start this project everything. I won't start this project because it was like I think on purpose because it was like I think on purpose because it was like I think on purpose broken. I will go to my actual repo. broken. I will go to my actual repo. broken. I will go to my actual repo. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah, that this This is a a repo a repo &gt;&gt; Yeah, that this This is a a repo a repo &gt;&gt; Yeah, that this This is a a repo a repo repository, so not great. But yeah, this repository, so not great. But yeah, this repository, so not great. But yeah, this one. one. one. This is the actual demo. So, of course I This is the actual demo. So, of course I This is the actual demo. So, of course I have more moving pieces in here, so it's have more moving pieces in here, so it's have more moving pieces in here, so it's more complex than the one I showed you more complex than the one I showed you more complex than the one I showed you before, but basically the concept is the before, but basically the concept is the before, but basically the concept is the same. same. same. Uh once again, Uh once again, Uh once again, ACA, ACA, ACA, and then Foundry. I have the voice and then Foundry. I have the voice and then Foundry. I have the voice deployment with GPT real-time because I deployment with GPT real-time because I deployment with GPT real-time because I want to use uh real-time voice APIs. want to use uh real-time voice APIs. want to use uh real-time voice APIs. And I start with a web search tool And I start with a web search tool And I start with a web search tool called web search, and I create my called web search, and I create my called web search, and I create my prompt agent. So, as you know, prompt prompt agent. So, as you know, prompt prompt agent. So, as you know, prompt agents are not just a name, a deploy a agents are not just a name, a deploy a agents are not just a name, a deploy a model deployment, and some instructions, model deployment, and some instructions, model deployment, and some instructions, they also have tools. they also have tools. they also have tools. The tools are pre-configured The tools are pre-configured The tools are pre-configured by Foundry. So, you can uh actually, you by Foundry. So, you can uh actually, you by Foundry. So, you can uh actually, you can configure the tools on Foundry, and can configure the tools on Foundry, and can configure the tools on Foundry, and you have a really, really, really you have a really, really, really you have a really, really, really extensive catalog. So, right now in extensive catalog. So, right now in extensive catalog. So, right now in Aspire, we support the uh Aspire, we support the uh Aspire, we support the uh the native Azure uh the native Azure uh the native Azure uh tools. tools. tools. &gt;&gt; web search, and the basic ones, right? &gt;&gt; web search, and the basic ones, right? &gt;&gt; web search, and the basic ones, right? And all the basic ones. And all the basic ones. And all the basic ones. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the basic ones. Uh but of course, &gt;&gt; Yeah, the basic ones. Uh but of course, &gt;&gt; Yeah, the basic ones. Uh but of course, &gt;&gt; small small thing there because uh &gt;&gt; small small thing there because uh &gt;&gt; small small thing there because uh I really, really like how we are doing I really, really like how we are doing I really, really like how we are doing that with Foundry. Back on the day, I'm that with Foundry. Back on the day, I'm that with Foundry. Back on the day, I'm probably back on the day it was probably back on the day it was probably back on the day it was yesterday, in order to get web search, yesterday, in order to get web search, yesterday, in order to get web search, you need to create a Bing search, you need to create a Bing search, you need to create a Bing search, whatever, then Bing moved to something whatever, then Bing moved to something whatever, then Bing moved to something else. else. else. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; It was super, super picky just to do it. &gt;&gt; It was super, super picky just to do it. &gt;&gt; It was super, super picky just to do it. To do that with Bicep, it was crazy. I To do that with Bicep, it was crazy. I To do that with Bicep, it was crazy. I spent spent spent &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, you couldn't deploy uh a Bing yeah, you couldn't deploy uh a Bing yeah, you couldn't deploy uh a Bing resources to Azure. resources to Azure. resources to Azure. &gt;&gt; No, we get to a point that you need also &gt;&gt; No, we get to a point that you need also &gt;&gt; No, we get to a point that you need also need to be approved because we move from need to be approved because we move from need to be approved because we move from I remember, there was Right now to what I remember, there was Right now to what I remember, there was Right now to what to have that line at web search tool, it to have that line at web search tool, it to have that line at web search tool, it was Oh my god, this is heaven for me was Oh my god, this is heaven for me was Oh my god, this is heaven for me because, let's be honest, everybody because, let's be honest, everybody because, let's be honest, everybody needs some web search here and there. needs some web search here and there. needs some web search here and there. And there are a lot of scenarios where And there are a lot of scenarios where And there are a lot of scenarios where you need to do that because you're going you need to do that because you're going you need to do that because you're going to do some rag, and you need to ground to do some rag, and you need to ground to do some rag, and you need to ground your your your &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; results or whatever. So, that line, line &gt;&gt; results or whatever. So, that line, line &gt;&gt; results or whatever. So, that line, line 28, is heaven for me because I'm 28, is heaven for me because I'm 28, is heaven for me because I'm old-school, and I feel the pain. Again, old-school, and I feel the pain. Again, old-school, and I feel the pain. Again, it was yesterday, it wasn't so far ago, it was yesterday, it wasn't so far ago, it was yesterday, it wasn't so far ago, but I really, really like to Foundry to but I really, really like to Foundry to but I really, really like to Foundry to have that, and I also appreciate you and have that, and I also appreciate you and have that, and I also appreciate you and the work of the team that to also have the work of the team that to also have the work of the team that to also have this in the SDK in Aspire with literally this in the SDK in Aspire with literally this in the SDK in Aspire with literally one line, which is amazing. That's it. one line, which is amazing. That's it. one line, which is amazing. That's it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is This is funny. I was &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is This is funny. I was &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is This is funny. I was mid-development. I was like in the mid-development. I was like in the mid-development. I was like in the middle of my prompt agent PR middle of my prompt agent PR middle of my prompt agent PR and I was working on the tools, all the and I was working on the tools, all the and I was working on the tools, all the different tools, and I was like, "Oh, different tools, and I was like, "Oh, different tools, and I was like, "Oh, Bing is crazy. I cannot deploy that with Bing is crazy. I cannot deploy that with Bing is crazy. I cannot deploy that with Bicep. This breaks everything." And the Bicep. This breaks everything." And the Bicep. This breaks everything." And the Foundry team updated. Foundry team updated. Foundry team updated. I was like, "No, no, you don't need I was like, "No, no, you don't need I was like, "No, no, you don't need Bicep anymore. You can And you don't Bicep anymore. You can And you don't Bicep anymore. You can And you don't need to to create the Bing resource need to to create the Bing resource need to to create the Bing resource anymore. You can simply enable the web anymore. You can simply enable the web anymore. You can simply enable the web search tool." I was "Thank you, guys. search tool." I was "Thank you, guys. search tool." I was "Thank you, guys. You are saving my PR. You are saving my PR. You are saving my PR. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; That's very kind of you. Great timing." &gt;&gt; That's very kind of you. Great timing." &gt;&gt; That's very kind of you. Great timing." Yeah, so once again, in this scenario, I Yeah, so once again, in this scenario, I Yeah, so once again, in this scenario, I am creating a prompt agent with the tool am creating a prompt agent with the tool am creating a prompt agent with the tool of web search. And this is just for the of web search. And this is just for the of web search. And this is just for the purpose of using this agent, the ski purpose of using this agent, the ski purpose of using this agent, the ski researcher agent, inside the researcher agent, inside the researcher agent, inside the orchestrator. Now, you can do this in a orchestrator. Now, you can do this in a orchestrator. Now, you can do this in a really, really, really easier way really, really, really easier way really, really, really easier way without using a prompt agent. You can without using a prompt agent. You can without using a prompt agent. You can simply have the web search tool and simply have the web search tool and simply have the web search tool and connect the web search tool to the connect the web search tool to the connect the web search tool to the actual agent itself because you are able actual agent itself because you are able actual agent itself because you are able to do that using the Responses APIs. But to do that using the Responses APIs. But to do that using the Responses APIs. But I wanted to show you how to create and I wanted to show you how to create and I wanted to show you how to create and configure a prompt agent. And in this configure a prompt agent. And in this configure a prompt agent. And in this scenario, the first thing that came to scenario, the first thing that came to scenario, the first thing that came to my mind was like a generic ski my mind was like a generic ski my mind was like a generic ski researcher agent because this is after researcher agent because this is after researcher agent because this is after all like a a fake all like a a fake all like a a fake ski resort that we are handling here. ski resort that we are handling here. ski resort that we are handling here. And of course, you want to be able to And of course, you want to be able to And of course, you want to be able to ask like generic question about skiing, ask like generic question about skiing, ask like generic question about skiing, like what is carving or things like like what is carving or things like like what is carving or things like that. that. that. And then I am adding a Cosmos database. And then I am adding a Cosmos database. And then I am adding a Cosmos database. This is mainly to handle the This is mainly to handle the This is mainly to handle the the session save for the voice agent. the session save for the voice agent. the session save for the voice agent. So, the in the conversation database So, the in the conversation database So, the in the conversation database will be saved all the different chat will be saved all the different chat will be saved all the different chat history that you have with the voice history that you have with the voice history that you have with the voice agent because of course, the hosted agent because of course, the hosted agent because of course, the hosted agents takes care of itself like on agents takes care of itself like on agents takes care of itself like on Foundry, but the voice agent is my own Foundry, but the voice agent is my own Foundry, but the voice agent is my own custom. It's deploying to deploying to custom. It's deploying to deploying to custom. It's deploying to deploying to ACA. So, I need to take care of how I ACA. So, I need to take care of how I ACA. So, I need to take care of how I save the chat history with that. save the chat history with that. save the chat history with that. And cool thing about Aspire, once again, And cool thing about Aspire, once again, And cool thing about Aspire, once again, Azure Cosmos database will run as Azure Cosmos database will run as Azure Cosmos database will run as preview emulator. So, when I run preview emulator. So, when I run preview emulator. So, when I run locally, it will create a container for locally, it will create a container for locally, it will create a container for me and host the Cosmos database as a me and host the Cosmos database as a me and host the Cosmos database as a container in there. container in there. container in there. And then I got all the different agents. And then I got all the different agents. And then I got all the different agents. We've got some love for Golang here We've got some love for Golang here We've got some love for Golang here using that as a data generator, of using that as a data generator, of using that as a data generator, of course. Nothing is true here, so I need course. Nothing is true here, so I need course. Nothing is true here, so I need to like create some fake data for the to like create some fake data for the to like create some fake data for the agents to tap into and I am using Golang agents to tap into and I am using Golang agents to tap into and I am using Golang to do that. Just showcasing all the to do that. Just showcasing all the to do that. Just showcasing all the different languages. This is just an different languages. This is just an different languages. This is just an excuse to showcase all the different excuse to showcase all the different excuse to showcase all the different languages that you can use in Spire. languages that you can use in Spire. languages that you can use in Spire. The weather agent is a is a Uvicorn app The weather agent is a is a Uvicorn app The weather agent is a is a Uvicorn app using UV. This is, once again, pretty using UV. This is, once again, pretty using UV. This is, once again, pretty pretty standard deployed to ACA. pretty standard deployed to ACA. pretty standard deployed to ACA. And if we go into the code for of one of And if we go into the code for of one of And if we go into the code for of one of these agents, these are Python agents, these agents, these are Python agents, these agents, these are Python agents, but they all use Microsoft Agent but they all use Microsoft Agent but they all use Microsoft Agent Frameworks. So, Frameworks. So, Frameworks. So, No, sorry. The agent executor, that's No, sorry. The agent executor, that's No, sorry. The agent executor, that's what I want. what I want. what I want. Where are you? Yeah. Where are you? Yeah. Where are you? Yeah. So, So, So, I am simply creating Foundry chat client I am simply creating Foundry chat client I am simply creating Foundry chat client agent via Microsoft Agent Framework. Few agent via Microsoft Agent Framework. Few agent via Microsoft Agent Framework. Few details, just GPT-4 1 URI, the name of details, just GPT-4 1 URI, the name of details, just GPT-4 1 URI, the name of the model as agents, the model as agents, the model as agents, its instruction and the tools. And its instruction and the tools. And its instruction and the tools. And Microsoft Agent Framework makes like Microsoft Agent Framework makes like Microsoft Agent Framework makes like really really easy to create agents like really really easy to create agents like really really easy to create agents like on the fly like this on the fly like this on the fly like this and this can be replicated like few and this can be replicated like few and this can be replicated like few lines of code and it's pretty similar to lines of code and it's pretty similar to lines of code and it's pretty similar to what you would do in .NET that we're what you would do in .NET that we're what you would do in .NET that we're going to see in a moment because this going to see in a moment because this going to see in a moment because this H2O agent is replicated H2O agent is replicated H2O agent is replicated in a different scenario, the lift in a different scenario, the lift in a different scenario, the lift traffic agent in .NET and this is what traffic agent in .NET and this is what traffic agent in .NET and this is what you have here. So, you have here. So, you have here. So, Spire takes care of Spire takes care of Spire takes care of wiring the the Foundry connection string wiring the the Foundry connection string wiring the the Foundry connection string there. there. there. And you And you And you Yeah, you Yeah, you Yeah, you build the AI agent and you add an H2O build the AI agent and you add an H2O build the AI agent and you add an H2O server. And then you just need to define the And then you just need to define the And then you just need to define the hosted agent card. hosted agent card. hosted agent card. And map the well-known agent card and And map the well-known agent card and And map the well-known agent card and map HTTP map HTTP map HTTP &gt;&gt; sorry, sorry. So yeah. If you don't &gt;&gt; sorry, sorry. So yeah. If you don't &gt;&gt; sorry, sorry. So yeah. If you don't define the card, define the card, define the card, it will generate one out of the box with it will generate one out of the box with it will generate one out of the box with sample information or you need to sample information or you need to sample information or you need to manually manually manually I mean you can override as you are doing I mean you can override as you are doing I mean you can override as you are doing here, but you don't need to define the here, but you don't need to define the here, but you don't need to define the card by default or you are card by default or you are card by default or you are &gt;&gt; No, I don't think you actually need to &gt;&gt; No, I don't think you actually need to &gt;&gt; No, I don't think you actually need to define the card by default, but define the card by default, but define the card by default, but I mean a few things such as the agent I mean a few things such as the agent I mean a few things such as the agent interface. So the because HUA can interface. So the because HUA can interface. So the because HUA can support different support different support different subprotocols, let's say I mean different subprotocols, let's say I mean different subprotocols, let's say I mean different yeah protocol bindings such as HTTP, yeah protocol bindings such as HTTP, yeah protocol bindings such as HTTP, that's the one I'm using, but you can that's the one I'm using, but you can that's the one I'm using, but you can also use like GRPC. also use like GRPC. also use like GRPC. So you want to select those and I So you want to select those and I So you want to select those and I don't actually think that Microsoft don't actually think that Microsoft don't actually think that Microsoft Agent Framework can do that like out of Agent Framework can do that like out of Agent Framework can do that like out of the box for you. The skills, these are the box for you. The skills, these are the box for you. The skills, these are like this is one thing I could like like this is one thing I could like like this is one thing I could like actually not actually not actually not not use because these are ignored. not use because these are ignored. not use because these are ignored. But yeah, But yeah, But yeah, but the way you actually use MAF to map but the way you actually use MAF to map but the way you actually use MAF to map an HUA agent is pretty pretty simple. an HUA agent is pretty pretty simple. an HUA agent is pretty pretty simple. You add the HUA server here when you You add the HUA server here when you You add the HUA server here when you where you define the agent. And then map where you define the agent. And then map where you define the agent. And then map well-known agent card and map HTTP HUA well-known agent card and map HTTP HUA well-known agent card and map HTTP HUA HTTP JSON. HTTP JSON. HTTP JSON. You give it a path, so you can use You give it a path, so you can use You give it a path, so you can use custom path for your application. And custom path for your application. And custom path for your application. And this is it. This is like 100 lines of this is it. This is like 100 lines of this is it. This is like 100 lines of code if you take out like comments and code if you take out like comments and code if you take out like comments and knick-knacks tricks. knick-knacks tricks. knick-knacks tricks. I think it's pretty good, I think it's pretty good, I think it's pretty good, pretty helpful. So this is how my pretty helpful. So this is how my pretty helpful. So this is how my Microsoft Agent Framework can actually Microsoft Agent Framework can actually Microsoft Agent Framework can actually help you producing clean agents. And one help you producing clean agents. And one help you producing clean agents. And one thing I like about Microsoft Agent thing I like about Microsoft Agent thing I like about Microsoft Agent Framework is that they abstract the Framework is that they abstract the Framework is that they abstract the concept of agent. So if you have an HUA concept of agent. So if you have an HUA concept of agent. So if you have an HUA agent client, so an actual client that agent client, so an actual client that agent client, so an actual client that talks to an HUA agent, talks to an HUA agent, talks to an HUA agent, that becomes an agent itself for that becomes an agent itself for that becomes an agent itself for Microsoft Agent Framework. So you can Microsoft Agent Framework. So you can Microsoft Agent Framework. So you can add that client inside a workflow. add that client inside a workflow. add that client inside a workflow. So like that a group sub builder. So, So like that a group sub builder. So, So like that a group sub builder. So, you can use like four different uh you can use like four different uh you can use like four different uh uh H2A agents like running in four uh H2A agents like running in four uh H2A agents like running in four different uh endpoints. You can use them different uh endpoints. You can use them different uh endpoints. You can use them inside the same workflow. And then, of inside the same workflow. And then, of inside the same workflow. And then, of course, uh the when the when the agent course, uh the when the when the agent course, uh the when the when the agent client is it's invoked, it will client is it's invoked, it will client is it's invoked, it will basically do a like a HTTP request to basically do a like a HTTP request to basically do a like a HTTP request to the H2A agent. And the HTTP agent will the H2A agent. And the HTTP agent will the H2A agent. And the HTTP agent will do a um an HTTP request to the LLM to uh do a um an HTTP request to the LLM to uh do a um an HTTP request to the LLM to uh to run. So, it's just like a a chain of to run. So, it's just like a a chain of to run. So, it's just like a a chain of HTTP client that you use uh HTTP client that you use uh HTTP client that you use uh the way you want it. You can build crazy the way you want it. You can build crazy the way you want it. You can build crazy stuff with that. stuff with that. stuff with that. So, yeah, I've got a bunch of those. So, So, yeah, I've got a bunch of those. So, So, yeah, I've got a bunch of those. So, the weather agent, the uh safety agent, the weather agent, the uh safety agent, the weather agent, the uh safety agent, the Ski Coach agent, and the Leaf the Ski Coach agent, and the Leaf the Ski Coach agent, and the Leaf Traffic agent. And Traffic agent. And Traffic agent. And then, it comes to the orchestrator then, it comes to the orchestrator then, it comes to the orchestrator itself. So, itself. So, itself. So, the orchestrator was once uh the orchestrator was once uh the orchestrator was once uh another uh H2A agent, but now it's uh an another uh H2A agent, but now it's uh an another uh H2A agent, but now it's uh an Aussie agent. And we can take a look at Aussie agent. And we can take a look at Aussie agent. And we can take a look at the code for it. So, the first thing we the code for it. So, the first thing we the code for it. So, the first thing we do here is resolve our H2A agents. So, do here is resolve our H2A agents. So, do here is resolve our H2A agents. So, for each agent that we want to add, for each agent that we want to add, for each agent that we want to add, let's resolve the agent card and create let's resolve the agent card and create let's resolve the agent card and create an agent from uh the agent card itself. an agent from uh the agent card itself. an agent from uh the agent card itself. This is all Microsoft Agent Framework. This is all Microsoft Agent Framework. This is all Microsoft Agent Framework. So, agent card as AI agent Well, I need So, agent card as AI agent Well, I need So, agent card as AI agent Well, I need to have an HTTP client to read the agent to have an HTTP client to read the agent to have an HTTP client to read the agent card, but that's trivial. And that agent card, but that's trivial. And that agent card, but that's trivial. And that agent card as AI agent HTTP client, and that's card as AI agent HTTP client, and that's card as AI agent HTTP client, and that's it. So, here I am taking an agent card it. So, here I am taking an agent card it. So, here I am taking an agent card and transforming that to an uh an actual and transforming that to an uh an actual and transforming that to an uh an actual agent. agent. agent. And then, when I define the agent And then, when I define the agent And then, when I define the agent itself, itself, itself, it's pretty similar to what we do. There it's pretty similar to what we do. There it's pretty similar to what we do. There are many different ways here to do I are many different ways here to do I are many different ways here to do I Here, I wanted to make sure I had like a Here, I wanted to make sure I had like a Here, I wanted to make sure I had like a parallel tool call invocation because if parallel tool call invocation because if parallel tool call invocation because if I want to call different agents, I can I want to call different agents, I can I want to call different agents, I can uh enable the uh the parallel tool call uh enable the uh the parallel tool call uh enable the uh the parallel tool call and use telemetry with sensitive data, and use telemetry with sensitive data, and use telemetry with sensitive data, which we're going to talk about uh the which we're going to talk about uh the which we're going to talk about uh the sensitive data parameter here. Uh and sensitive data parameter here. Uh and sensitive data parameter here. Uh and the instruction itself and all the the instruction itself and all the the instruction itself and all the tools. So, in here, I am basically tools. So, in here, I am basically tools. So, in here, I am basically building uh building uh building uh an orchestrator for all my different sub an orchestrator for all my different sub an orchestrator for all my different sub agents. agents. agents. And the mapping is once again really, And the mapping is once again really, And the mapping is once again really, really simple. Builder, add Foundry really simple. Builder, add Foundry really simple. Builder, add Foundry responses, agent. responses, agent. responses, agent. And And And this hosted session isolation key this hosted session isolation key this hosted session isolation key provider, this is something that I need provider, this is something that I need provider, this is something that I need to actually run and invoke my agent to actually run and invoke my agent to actually run and invoke my agent locally because in Foundry, you have a locally because in Foundry, you have a locally because in Foundry, you have a concept of sandbox environment yeah concept of sandbox environment yeah concept of sandbox environment yeah where you run things. So, you need to where you run things. So, you need to where you run things. So, you need to add like this is documented code and add like this is documented code and add like this is documented code and it's basically boilerplate. I cop- I it's basically boilerplate. I cop- I it's basically boilerplate. I cop- I told Copilot to copy-paste that from the told Copilot to copy-paste that from the told Copilot to copy-paste that from the official Microsoft Vision Framework uh official Microsoft Vision Framework uh official Microsoft Vision Framework uh documentation, but yeah, you need these documentation, but yeah, you need these documentation, but yeah, you need these bits to uh run the hosted agent locally. bits to uh run the hosted agent locally. bits to uh run the hosted agent locally. But aside from that, you add the Foundry But aside from that, you add the Foundry But aside from that, you add the Foundry responses agent and map the Foundry responses agent and map the Foundry responses agent and map the Foundry responses and that's it. That's all you responses and that's it. That's all you responses and that's it. That's all you need to do. need to do. need to do. &gt;&gt; So, there's there's a couple of things &gt;&gt; So, there's there's a couple of things &gt;&gt; So, there's there's a couple of things that I really like about that and you that I really like about that and you that I really like about that and you you you pass by there. you you pass by there. you you pass by there. The I What I like here is that literally The I What I like here is that literally The I What I like here is that literally in the agent framework, you have the as in the agent framework, you have the as in the agent framework, you have the as AI tool. I can't remember the but and AI tool. I can't remember the but and AI tool. I can't remember the but and then you also have as AI agent. then you also have as AI agent. then you also have as AI agent. &gt;&gt; So, basically AI tool, sorry. AI agent, &gt;&gt; So, basically AI tool, sorry. AI agent, &gt;&gt; So, basically AI tool, sorry. AI agent, yeah. yeah. yeah. &gt;&gt; I'm I'm old school. Probably was tool &gt;&gt; I'm I'm old school. Probably was tool &gt;&gt; I'm I'm old school. Probably was tool sometime ago. sometime ago. sometime ago. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I still call them tool. I don't I &gt;&gt; Yeah, I still call them tool. I don't I &gt;&gt; Yeah, I still call them tool. I don't I don't know. don't know. don't know. &gt;&gt; Yes, or maybe they are tool. I I don't &gt;&gt; Yes, or maybe they are tool. I I don't &gt;&gt; Yes, or maybe they are tool. I I don't know, but it's really, really nice know, but it's really, really nice know, but it's really, really nice because you can have as you mentioned, because you can have as you mentioned, because you can have as you mentioned, you can have an A to an agent and that you can have an A to an agent and that you can have an A to an agent and that the agent came from an A to A definition the agent came from an A to A definition the agent came from an A to A definition or came from something else, but it's an or came from something else, but it's an or came from something else, but it's an AI agent. And then you can expose an as AI agent. And then you can expose an as AI agent. And then you can expose an as an AI tool, so you can use use it as a an AI tool, so you can use use it as a an AI tool, so you can use use it as a tool in another agent and more. If you tool in another agent and more. If you tool in another agent and more. If you are doing a workflow orchestration, you are doing a workflow orchestration, you are doing a workflow orchestration, you don't have workflow here, but if if you don't have workflow here, but if if you don't have workflow here, but if if you were doing workflow, you can also do were doing workflow, you can also do were doing workflow, you can also do this and that. So, these kind of this and that. So, these kind of this and that. So, these kind of conversions or these kind of translation conversions or these kind of translation conversions or these kind of translation between something and really, really between something and really, really between something and really, really open the doors to be more flexible. I open the doors to be more flexible. I open the doors to be more flexible. I remember when we were talking about remember when we were talking about remember when we were talking about agent framework and workflows sometime agent framework and workflows sometime agent framework and workflows sometime ago, someone said which which workflows ago, someone said which which workflows ago, someone said which which workflows I need to use I need to use I need to use because we have the I don't know, because we have the I don't know, because we have the I don't know, the round robin one and the sequential the round robin one and the sequential the round robin one and the sequential one. Yes, there are like one. Yes, there are like one. Yes, there are like &gt;&gt; are a lot and I said, "Hey, use whatever &gt;&gt; are a lot and I said, "Hey, use whatever &gt;&gt; are a lot and I said, "Hey, use whatever you want, but I'm guessing that nobody's you want, but I'm guessing that nobody's you want, but I'm guessing that nobody's going to be the one that you need. going to be the one that you need. going to be the one that you need. You can code what you need and you are You can code what you need and you are You can code what you need and you are doing here. You may want to have as an doing here. You may want to have as an doing here. You may want to have as an example, you may want to have an agent example, you may want to have an agent example, you may want to have an agent as tool because you don't need a as tool because you don't need a as tool because you don't need a workflow to coordinate two agents. You workflow to coordinate two agents. You workflow to coordinate two agents. You may have another agent that depending on may have another agent that depending on may have another agent that depending on the scenario will call one, the other, the scenario will call one, the other, the scenario will call one, the other, or both. So, it's super, super flexible. or both. So, it's super, super flexible. or both. So, it's super, super flexible. And again, I really, really like that And again, I really, really like that And again, I really, really like that you can read the code and understand you can read the code and understand you can read the code and understand what is doing there when you have the what is doing there when you have the what is doing there when you have the &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; the three main concepts about agents in &gt;&gt; the three main concepts about agents in &gt;&gt; the three main concepts about agents in your head. So, your head. So, your head. So, &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah, I think it's Most of the times I Yeah, I think it's Most of the times I Yeah, I think it's Most of the times I find it more useful to not use workflows find it more useful to not use workflows find it more useful to not use workflows and use agents as tool because that that and use agents as tool because that that and use agents as tool because that that really depends on what you're building. really depends on what you're building. really depends on what you're building. So, in this case I am building like a So, in this case I am building like a So, in this case I am building like a glorified chatbot in the app, right? So, glorified chatbot in the app, right? So, glorified chatbot in the app, right? So, depending on the question coming from depending on the question coming from depending on the question coming from the user, I will have to call certain the user, I will have to call certain the user, I will have to call certain tools and don't call other tools. tools and don't call other tools. tools and don't call other tools. So, it doesn't really matter what the So, it doesn't really matter what the So, it doesn't really matter what the tools are. I could actually avoid tools are. I could actually avoid tools are. I could actually avoid building an agent for the weather. The building an agent for the weather. The building an agent for the weather. The weather agent is like two tools, like weather agent is like two tools, like weather agent is like two tools, like give me the entire weather or just the give me the entire weather or just the give me the entire weather or just the weather for a certain location. It's not weather for a certain location. It's not weather for a certain location. It's not that difficult. I I am, of course, that difficult. I I am, of course, that difficult. I I am, of course, simplifying a real-world scenario. That simplifying a real-world scenario. That simplifying a real-world scenario. That would be way more complex to actually would be way more complex to actually would be way more complex to actually justify this sort of this kind of justify this sort of this kind of justify this sort of this kind of architecture, but architecture, but architecture, but you can have your agent and you will you can have your agent and you will you can have your agent and you will never you will not always need to call never you will not always need to call never you will not always need to call the weather agent. the weather agent. the weather agent. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; So, having a workflow that would end up &gt;&gt; So, having a workflow that would end up &gt;&gt; So, having a workflow that would end up calling all the time the weather agent, calling all the time the weather agent, calling all the time the weather agent, you know, you might not know that as as you know, you might not know that as as you know, you might not know that as as well as I do, but tokens are not free. well as I do, but tokens are not free. well as I do, but tokens are not free. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; You don't want to waste your money. So, &gt;&gt; You don't want to waste your money. So, &gt;&gt; You don't want to waste your money. So, most of the times you are good to go most of the times you are good to go most of the times you are good to go with like agent as a tool pattern. I with like agent as a tool pattern. I with like agent as a tool pattern. I think it's really And I also have the think it's really And I also have the think it's really And I also have the the skills pattern, which is something the skills pattern, which is something the skills pattern, which is something else. You build skill else. You build skill else. You build skill You build a skill file and in the skill You build a skill file and in the skill You build a skill file and in the skill you basically define you basically define you basically define a behavior a behavior a behavior to use certain tools which is basically to use certain tools which is basically to use certain tools which is basically an agent as a tool. You can do that in an agent as a tool. You can do that in an agent as a tool. You can do that in that scenario as well. But yeah, they I that scenario as well. But yeah, they I that scenario as well. But yeah, they I think the code reusability and the think the code reusability and the think the code reusability and the different of scalability and the different of scalability and the different of scalability and the reusability of the agent itself it's reusability of the agent itself it's reusability of the agent itself it's still better if you have agent as tool still better if you have agent as tool still better if you have agent as tool because once again it maps really really because once again it maps really really because once again it maps really really well to the microservices architecture, well to the microservices architecture, well to the microservices architecture, but but but well, we will see where the market goes well, we will see where the market goes well, we will see where the market goes with these two with these two with these two different patterns, but here I mean I am different patterns, but here I mean I am different patterns, but here I mean I am using agent as tools. Yeah, and in the end you simply have Yeah, and in the end you simply have Yeah, and in the end you simply have like a very very basic web coded front like a very very basic web coded front like a very very basic web coded front end because guys I really can't do HTML end because guys I really can't do HTML end because guys I really can't do HTML and TypeScript, but yeah. and TypeScript, but yeah. and TypeScript, but yeah. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Nobody can. Nobody can. Our friend Borg &gt;&gt; Nobody can. Nobody can. Our friend Borg &gt;&gt; Nobody can. Nobody can. Our friend Borg the other day he's a front end he's has the other day he's a front end he's has the other day he's a front end he's has been a front end person for a long time been a front end person for a long time been a front end person for a long time say "Hey man, what I am doing today? I'm say "Hey man, what I am doing today? I'm say "Hey man, what I am doing today? I'm not necessary anymore. Everybody is not necessary anymore. Everybody is not necessary anymore. Everybody is co-piloting it. Co-pilots every every co-piloting it. Co-pilots every every co-piloting it. Co-pilots every every front end front end front end and yes and even myself I'm not a front and yes and even myself I'm not a front and yes and even myself I'm not a front end person and I'm happy that I'm doing end person and I'm happy that I'm doing end person and I'm happy that I'm doing some very simple but useful Blazer apps some very simple but useful Blazer apps some very simple but useful Blazer apps and which is hey and which is hey and which is hey Yes. Yes. Yes. Let's go all the way. Let's go all the way. Let's go all the way. &gt;&gt; I am happy about &gt;&gt; I am happy about &gt;&gt; I am happy about what's again starting the app process what's again starting the app process what's again starting the app process like one click away if you have the like one click away if you have the like one click away if you have the Aspire extension in VS Code, but you can Aspire extension in VS Code, but you can Aspire extension in VS Code, but you can also open the terminal and go Aspire run also open the terminal and go Aspire run also open the terminal and go Aspire run &gt;&gt; before before we see this up and running &gt;&gt; before before we see this up and running &gt;&gt; before before we see this up and running can you go back a little to to Visual can you go back a little to to Visual can you go back a little to to Visual Studio Code to the API because Studio Code to the API because Studio Code to the API because So, what I really like here is that this So, what I really like here is that this So, what I really like here is that this is small now that you have this and I is small now that you have this and I is small now that you have this and I realized this I can't remember when I realized this I can't remember when I realized this I can't remember when I was so happy when you run from Visual was so happy when you run from Visual was so happy when you run from Visual Studio Code and you have the the start Studio Code and you have the the start Studio Code and you have the the start there. In each one of your resources you there. In each one of your resources you there. In each one of your resources you will have that small mini tools with the will have that small mini tools with the will have that small mini tools with the status, the log, the restart. status, the log, the restart. status, the log, the restart. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; This is amazing. This is amazing. &gt;&gt; This is amazing. This is amazing. &gt;&gt; This is amazing. This is amazing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is magic. Oh, you actually &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is magic. Oh, you actually &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is magic. Oh, you actually have the entire Aspire extension tab have the entire Aspire extension tab have the entire Aspire extension tab here where you can see everything, which here where you can see everything, which here where you can see everything, which is the same thing that you would see in is the same thing that you would see in is the same thing that you would see in the dashboard. Uh the dashboard. Uh the dashboard. Uh and you have these details here. And and you have these details here. And and you have these details here. And what it's really, really helpful is for what it's really, really helpful is for what it's really, really helpful is for .NET because you can uh rebuild .NET because you can uh rebuild .NET because you can uh rebuild the .NET resource. the .NET resource. the .NET resource. And it will rebuild, stop the resource, And it will rebuild, stop the resource, And it will rebuild, stop the resource, rebuild, and restart. So, you can rebuild, and restart. So, you can rebuild, and restart. So, you can actually restart single instances, uh actually restart single instances, uh actually restart single instances, uh single resources inside your dashboard single resources inside your dashboard single resources inside your dashboard without having to like Aspire stop and without having to like Aspire stop and without having to like Aspire stop and then Aspire run once again. then Aspire run once again. then Aspire run once again. Yeah, it's a really, really cool dev Yeah, it's a really, really cool dev Yeah, it's a really, really cool dev loop, I think. Uh it's and loop, I think. Uh it's and loop, I think. Uh it's and we are we are not going to talk like we are we are not going to talk like we are we are not going to talk like probably not in details about these uh probably not in details about these uh probably not in details about these uh in inside these uh the in inside these uh the in inside these uh the this session here, but you have this session here, but you have this session here, but you have Aspire skills that you can add to your Aspire skills that you can add to your Aspire skills that you can add to your uh uh uh No, I don't think I add them here. Yeah, No, I don't think I add them here. Yeah, No, I don't think I add them here. Yeah, I know them. Uh you can uh configure an I know them. Uh you can uh configure an I know them. Uh you can uh configure an agent uh you can configure skills for agent uh you can configure skills for agent uh you can configure skills for your coding agent inside your your coding agent inside your your coding agent inside your repository. So, that you can tell your repository. So, that you can tell your repository. So, that you can tell your agent, "Hey, I am using Aspire. Add this agent, "Hey, I am using Aspire. Add this agent, "Hey, I am using Aspire. Add this feature." And the agent has, "Oh, I have feature." And the agent has, "Oh, I have feature." And the agent has, "Oh, I have Aspire skills. So, I need to run Aspire Aspire skills. So, I need to run Aspire Aspire skills. So, I need to run Aspire start to actually start the dashboard." start to actually start the dashboard." start to actually start the dashboard." And I can uh like uh do Aspire restart And I can uh like uh do Aspire restart And I can uh like uh do Aspire restart resource name to restart a certain resource name to restart a certain resource name to restart a certain resource. resource. resource. And you have the entire dev loop And you have the entire dev loop And you have the entire dev loop Aspire-ified Aspire-ified Aspire-ified and you can empower it and your agent and you can empower it and your agent and you can empower it and your agent can go and read the logs. So, like, "Oh, can go and read the logs. So, like, "Oh, can go and read the logs. So, like, "Oh, I have these uh I have these uh I have these uh I have these crazy error. Can you look I have these crazy error. Can you look I have these crazy error. Can you look in the logs from the Aspire dashboard in the logs from the Aspire dashboard in the logs from the Aspire dashboard and see what's wrong?" Uh I will read and see what's wrong?" Uh I will read and see what's wrong?" Uh I will read the log, uh check the resource, fix the the log, uh check the resource, fix the the log, uh check the resource, fix the mistake, start the resource, rebuild, mistake, start the resource, rebuild, mistake, start the resource, rebuild, restart the resource itself, and it's restart the resource itself, and it's restart the resource itself, and it's working. working. working. &gt;&gt; That's .NET and I've been doing that for &gt;&gt; That's .NET and I've been doing that for &gt;&gt; That's .NET and I've been doing that for a while because before this what I'm a while because before this what I'm a while because before this what I'm here going to the console, copy the here going to the console, copy the here going to the console, copy the console, copy the full log, going back console, copy the full log, going back console, copy the full log, going back to Copilot, paste it, or whatever. Now to Copilot, paste it, or whatever. Now to Copilot, paste it, or whatever. Now say, because we are using skills, say, say, because we are using skills, say, say, because we are using skills, say, "Hey, Aspire is running and there are "Hey, Aspire is running and there are "Hey, Aspire is running and there are some weird errors there. Please explain some weird errors there. Please explain some weird errors there. Please explain what is happening. So, yeah. Go by the what is happening. So, yeah. Go by the what is happening. So, yeah. Go by the Oh, now it happened. Okay, how we can Oh, now it happened. Okay, how we can Oh, now it happened. Okay, how we can fix this? Let's work on a strategy to do fix this? Let's work on a strategy to do fix this? Let's work on a strategy to do A, B, C's and this. So, yes. It's A, B, C's and this. So, yes. It's A, B, C's and this. So, yes. It's amazing, but let's go back to a spy amazing, but let's go back to a spy amazing, but let's go back to a spy here. Oh my god, we have so many here. Oh my god, we have so many here. Oh my god, we have so many resources. I love it. resources. I love it. resources. I love it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, we've got so many resources &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, we've got so many resources &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, we've got so many resources and you can take a look at the how and you can take a look at the how and you can take a look at the how confusing the graph can become confusing the graph can become confusing the graph can become &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; if you have those many. But, this is a &gt;&gt; if you have those many. But, this is a &gt;&gt; if you have those many. But, this is a nice doodle thing. nice doodle thing. nice doodle thing. Uh Uh Uh So, you have Cosmos DB running So, you have Cosmos DB running So, you have Cosmos DB running as a container. As you can see, I got as a container. As you can see, I got as a container. As you can see, I got here the image it's using. This key here the image it's using. This key here the image it's using. This key researcher researcher, this is the researcher researcher, this is the researcher researcher, this is the prompt agent. And prompt agent. And prompt agent. And since this is a prompt agent and it's since this is a prompt agent and it's since this is a prompt agent and it's using responses API, using responses API, using responses API, first of all, this is straight away first of all, this is straight away first of all, this is straight away deployed to foundry because this is not deployed to foundry because this is not deployed to foundry because this is not custom code I can run. So, this is a custom code I can run. So, this is a custom code I can run. So, this is a data plane operation that we deploy with data plane operation that we deploy with data plane operation that we deploy with the provision to foundry or update every the provision to foundry or update every the provision to foundry or update every time if you change something. time if you change something. time if you change something. But, we have this nice action here. Send But, we have this nice action here. Send But, we have this nice action here. Send message like what is carving? Do you message like what is carving? Do you message like what is carving? Do you ski, Bruno? ski, Bruno? ski, Bruno? &gt;&gt; No, I am I live in Canada, but I don't &gt;&gt; No, I am I live in Canada, but I don't &gt;&gt; No, I am I live in Canada, but I don't have good knees. have good knees. have good knees. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Everybody skis here. That's what you can &gt;&gt; Everybody skis here. That's what you can &gt;&gt; Everybody skis here. That's what you can expect, but no, not me. expect, but no, not me. expect, but no, not me. &gt;&gt; Yeah, so carving is a ski technique &gt;&gt; Yeah, so carving is a ski technique &gt;&gt; Yeah, so carving is a ski technique where the skier may where the skier may where the skier may So, it will be able to answer you answer So, it will be able to answer you answer So, it will be able to answer you answer your question about like skiing and your question about like skiing and your question about like skiing and whatever. And this is also, by the way, whatever. And this is also, by the way, whatever. And this is also, by the way, how I twisted my wrist last season. how I twisted my wrist last season. how I twisted my wrist last season. Carving and Carving and Carving and and data generator and else. And the and data generator and else. And the and data generator and else. And the same goes for the advisor agent, of same goes for the advisor agent, of same goes for the advisor agent, of course. It's using responses API, so we course. It's using responses API, so we course. It's using responses API, so we can wire up the experience where you can can wire up the experience where you can can wire up the experience where you can talk to your agent directly from the talk to your agent directly from the talk to your agent directly from the dashboard. dashboard. dashboard. You don't have like any chat history You don't have like any chat history You don't have like any chat history here or nothing, but it's a cool way to here or nothing, but it's a cool way to here or nothing, but it's a cool way to test your agent and like a quick check. test your agent and like a quick check. test your agent and like a quick check. And I have a an open PR And I have a an open PR And I have a an open PR to take this experience to all the other to take this experience to all the other to take this experience to all the other agents. So, you can like mark the safety agents. So, you can like mark the safety agents. So, you can like mark the safety agents is a an HUA, so you can say as agents is a an HUA, so you can say as agents is a an HUA, so you can say as agent agent protocol.hua.http.json so that it knows the protocol to to talk so that it knows the protocol to to talk so that it knows the protocol to to talk to the agent and it will add the the to the agent and it will add the the to the agent and it will add the the send message button here. Yeah, that's send message button here. Yeah, that's send message button here. Yeah, that's pretty it's undergoing pretty it's undergoing pretty it's undergoing code review right now. code review right now. code review right now. So this is the the dashboard itself. You So this is the the dashboard itself. You So this is the the dashboard itself. You can see can see can see totally hardcoded. I I didn't even had totally hardcoded. I I didn't even had totally hardcoded. I I didn't even had to like tell you that. Yeah, you can see to like tell you that. Yeah, you can see to like tell you that. Yeah, you can see that. But you can talk with your fancy that. But you can talk with your fancy that. But you can talk with your fancy agent and say things such as like I am a agent and say things such as like I am a agent and say things such as like I am a novice. novice. novice. Never skied before. Never skied before. Never skied before. Considering Considering Considering weather and waiting time at the lifts, weather and waiting time at the lifts, weather and waiting time at the lifts, where should I start? where should I start? where should I start? Send. Send. Send. And thinking. And while it thinks, let's And thinking. And while it thinks, let's And thinking. And while it thinks, let's take a look at the dashboard. take a look at the dashboard. take a look at the dashboard. Because I mentioned you the Because I mentioned you the Because I mentioned you the the the fancy the sensitive data flag that I have the sensitive data flag that I have the sensitive data flag that I have enabled before. So if you enable the enabled before. So if you enable the enabled before. So if you enable the sensitive data or basically if you have sensitive data or basically if you have sensitive data or basically if you have an agent running, that will output some an agent running, that will output some an agent running, that will output some sort of traces with sort of traces with sort of traces with gen_ai.something.something properties and Aspire can catch those properties and Aspire can catch those properties and Aspire can catch those and identify that specific trace as a and identify that specific trace as a and identify that specific trace as a gen AI trace. So even if in this gen AI trace. So even if in this gen AI trace. So even if in this dashboard where like I've got constant dashboard where like I've got constant dashboard where like I've got constant request towards the data generators that request towards the data generators that request towards the data generators that actually actually actually covers the gen AI resources, I can covers the gen AI resources, I can covers the gen AI resources, I can filter for gen AI filter for gen AI filter for gen AI and only have the gen AI and only have the gen AI and only have the gen AI details. And instead of looking at the details. And instead of looking at the details. And instead of looking at the trace properties, I can click here trace properties, I can click here trace properties, I can click here and see an overview of the invocation. and see an overview of the invocation. and see an overview of the invocation. And if I go inside, And if I go inside, And if I go inside, I can see first of all execute weather I can see first of all execute weather I can see first of all execute weather agent, execute traffic agent, execute agent, execute traffic agent, execute agent, execute traffic agent, execute ski coach. And look here, first ski coach. And look here, first ski coach. And look here, first information I have, my logic for information I have, my logic for information I have, my logic for parallel tool calling is working because parallel tool calling is working because parallel tool calling is working because I can see they all started at the same I can see they all started at the same I can see they all started at the same time. So, my agent is actually invoking time. So, my agent is actually invoking time. So, my agent is actually invoking my my my uh tools in a parallel way. And I have uh tools in a parallel way. And I have uh tools in a parallel way. And I have the first invocation here to ChatGPT for the first invocation here to ChatGPT for the first invocation here to ChatGPT for one. one. one. Uh which have the tool calls. Uh which have the tool calls. Uh which have the tool calls. &gt;&gt; The tool calling, yes. &gt;&gt; The tool calling, yes. &gt;&gt; The tool calling, yes. &gt;&gt; So, weather agent, leaf traffic agent, &gt;&gt; So, weather agent, leaf traffic agent, &gt;&gt; So, weather agent, leaf traffic agent, how each tool was invoked. And once how each tool was invoked. And once how each tool was invoked. And once again, the actual system prompt I'm I'm again, the actual system prompt I'm I'm again, the actual system prompt I'm I'm using, the user request, using, the user request, using, the user request, and generically, and generically, and generically, the definition of the agent. So, how was the definition of the agent. So, how was the definition of the agent. So, how was this uh this uh this uh this agent one like defined, the input this agent one like defined, the input this agent one like defined, the input and output, and the tools. What are the and output, and the tools. What are the and output, and the tools. What are the actual tools that the agent exposed to actual tools that the agent exposed to actual tools that the agent exposed to your LM? Oh, I have a leaf traffic your LM? Oh, I have a leaf traffic your LM? Oh, I have a leaf traffic agent, safety agent, ski coach, weather agent, safety agent, ski coach, weather agent, safety agent, ski coach, weather agent. Uh this is just a bad render of agent. Uh this is just a bad render of agent. Uh this is just a bad render of the actual uh ski research. the actual uh ski research. the actual uh ski research. And the details. So, I I have everything And the details. So, I I have everything And the details. So, I I have everything here. here. here. And this is a tool call first, so it And this is a tool call first, so it And this is a tool call first, so it will after the tool call, it will will after the tool call, it will will after the tool call, it will actually invoke the tools. And inside actually invoke the tools. And inside actually invoke the tools. And inside here, you have the tool response. This here, you have the tool response. This here, you have the tool response. This is uh all the data returned my uh by my is uh all the data returned my uh by my is uh all the data returned my uh by my uh uh sub agents, and the final answer uh uh sub agents, and the final answer uh uh sub agents, and the final answer that the uh orchestrator agent gave me. that the uh orchestrator agent gave me. that the uh orchestrator agent gave me. And you can And you can And you can go inside and do this game for each one go inside and do this game for each one go inside and do this game for each one of the sub agents because from the of the sub agents because from the of the sub agents because from the advisor agent, we pass to the leaf advisor agent, we pass to the leaf advisor agent, we pass to the leaf traffic agents here, and you have the traffic agents here, and you have the traffic agents here, and you have the same logic applied. Agent tool calls, same logic applied. Agent tool calls, same logic applied. Agent tool calls, tool response, assistant output, both tool response, assistant output, both tool response, assistant output, both for .NET and of course for our uh fellow for .NET and of course for our uh fellow for .NET and of course for our uh fellow Python uh which is Python uh which is Python uh which is Yeah, same experience here. Yeah, same experience here. Yeah, same experience here. Tool response output. So, Tool response output. So, Tool response output. So, I really really like using Aspire, even I really really like using Aspire, even I really really like using Aspire, even if I don't have like a a this crazy if I don't have like a a this crazy if I don't have like a a this crazy complex uh distributed application. Uh complex uh distributed application. Uh complex uh distributed application. Uh I really like using Aspire here because I really like using Aspire here because I really like using Aspire here because uh I can actually understand what my uh I can actually understand what my uh I can actually understand what my agents are doing because when you code agents are doing because when you code agents are doing because when you code an agent, everything is happening on the an agent, everything is happening on the an agent, everything is happening on the HTTP layer of things, right? Your agent HTTP layer of things, right? Your agent HTTP layer of things, right? Your agent is just an HTTP client that can execute is just an HTTP client that can execute is just an HTTP client that can execute call when an API request tells him to call when an API request tells him to call when an API request tells him to do. So, you want to understand what's do. So, you want to understand what's do. So, you want to understand what's happening in that API. And you also happening in that API. And you also happening in that API. And you also have, since once again tokens are not have, since once again tokens are not have, since once again tokens are not free, you can check things such as the free, you can check things such as the free, you can check things such as the client token usage. client token usage. client token usage. So, how much did my request cost me? So, how much did my request cost me? So, how much did my request cost me? Basically. So, I can be called like more Basically. So, I can be called like more Basically. So, I can be called like more more token efficient if needed and more token efficient if needed and more token efficient if needed and things like that. And you've got things like that. And you've got things like that. And you've got structured output related to my my structured output related to my my structured output related to my my things. And you can like copy the trace things. And you can like copy the trace things. And you can like copy the trace ID for this entire request and ask an ID for this entire request and ask an ID for this entire request and ask an agent to explain that agent to explain that agent to explain that thing to you so that you don't like need thing to you so that you don't like need thing to you so that you don't like need to go crazy and understand what's going to go crazy and understand what's going to go crazy and understand what's going on. The agent can read a trace and on. The agent can read a trace and on. The agent can read a trace and explain it to you. explain it to you. explain it to you. So, So, So, this is this is this is a basic overview of what the experience a basic overview of what the experience a basic overview of what the experience is locally. is locally. is locally. And once again, skill resourcer And once again, skill resourcer And once again, skill resourcer resourcer is already deployed to Azure. resourcer is already deployed to Azure. resourcer is already deployed to Azure. The advisor agent is running locally The advisor agent is running locally The advisor agent is running locally because it's local code. because it's local code. because it's local code. And when you deploy, And when you deploy, And when you deploy, you would go something like you would go something like you would go something like Aspire deploy or you can use the Aspire deploy or you can use the Aspire deploy or you can use the control shift P and use the Aspire control shift P and use the Aspire control shift P and use the Aspire integration Aspire publish integration Aspire publish integration Aspire publish Aspire deploy up, which will use the Aspire deploy up, which will use the Aspire deploy up, which will use the same Aspire CLI. So, it's basically the same Aspire CLI. So, it's basically the same Aspire CLI. So, it's basically the same experience. same experience. same experience. And And And I won't show that live because it takes I won't show that live because it takes I won't show that live because it takes like a little bit. I've got many like a little bit. I've got many like a little bit. I've got many different resources here, but I have different resources here, but I have different resources here, but I have pre-deployed this as you would for all pre-deployed this as you would for all pre-deployed this as you would for all the demos. So, let's go to Azure. And of course, we need And of course, we need And of course, we need &gt;&gt; part is always the &gt;&gt; part is always the &gt;&gt; part is always the the the the the the the &gt;&gt; you don't want to do deploy live &gt;&gt; you don't want to do deploy live &gt;&gt; you don't want to do deploy live &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; in a live session because it's going to &gt;&gt; in a live session because it's going to &gt;&gt; in a live session because it's going to take take take &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's never fun to watch watch a &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's never fun to watch watch a &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's never fun to watch watch a CLI doing things for like 5 minutes. CLI doing things for like 5 minutes. CLI doing things for like 5 minutes. It's not the great demo, I think. Uh It's not the great demo, I think. Uh It's not the great demo, I think. Uh Uh Of course, when I run my Aspire app, Uh Of course, when I run my Aspire app, Uh Of course, when I run my Aspire app, I already had all the different uh I already had all the different uh I already had all the different uh connection like the tenant ID, connection like the tenant ID, connection like the tenant ID, subscription ID configure for me, but if subscription ID configure for me, but if subscription ID configure for me, but if you clone and run this repo, you will you clone and run this repo, you will you clone and run this repo, you will find in here on top here uh a find in here on top here uh a find in here on top here uh a notification say, "Hey, I am missing notification say, "Hey, I am missing notification say, "Hey, I am missing some parameters. Enter values, and some parameters. Enter values, and some parameters. Enter values, and Aspire will use the Azure CLI, read your Aspire will use the Azure CLI, read your Aspire will use the Azure CLI, read your tenant, make let's just select one, tenant, make let's just select one, tenant, make let's just select one, select one subscription, select the select one subscription, select the select one subscription, select the resource group, select the region, and resource group, select the region, and resource group, select the region, and provision the resources for you. Uh so, provision the resources for you. Uh so, provision the resources for you. Uh so, that's that would be like your uh that's that would be like your uh that's that would be like your uh experience. experience. experience. Uh let's go to yeah, voice killer demo. Uh let's go to yeah, voice killer demo. Uh let's go to yeah, voice killer demo. This is the uh final outcome of what This is the uh final outcome of what This is the uh final outcome of what Aspire deployed. So, of course, I have an Azure Container So, of course, I have an Azure Container So, of course, I have an Azure Container Apps environment in which all my Apps environment in which all my Apps environment in which all my different resources are running, and different resources are running, and different resources are running, and Azure Container Apps, of course, being Azure Container Apps, of course, being Azure Container Apps, of course, being Aspire Aspire friendly, uh you can also Aspire Aspire friendly, uh you can also Aspire Aspire friendly, uh you can also deploy to App Service, Kubernetes, deploy to App Service, Kubernetes, deploy to App Service, Kubernetes, Docker Compose. You can do crazy things Docker Compose. You can do crazy things Docker Compose. You can do crazy things with deploy nowadays. Uh but I actually with deploy nowadays. Uh but I actually with deploy nowadays. Uh but I actually like and enjoy using uh ACA. like and enjoy using uh ACA. like and enjoy using uh ACA. Come on, Azure, be a friend and load Come on, Azure, be a friend and load Come on, Azure, be a friend and load this page. this page. this page. &gt;&gt; Hey, I know it. Azure is the is the one &gt;&gt; Hey, I know it. Azure is the is the one &gt;&gt; Hey, I know it. Azure is the is the one that make us make everything. that make us make everything. that make us make everything. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Put the motion here, but yes, you have &gt;&gt; Put the motion here, but yes, you have &gt;&gt; Put the motion here, but yes, you have the the the the container apps there, and for each the container apps there, and for each the container apps there, and for each one of them one of them one of them &gt;&gt; Yeah, no, but I wanted to show that you &gt;&gt; Yeah, no, but I wanted to show that you &gt;&gt; Yeah, no, but I wanted to show that you have the uh the dashboard, the Aspire have the uh the dashboard, the Aspire have the uh the dashboard, the Aspire dashboard running in Azure inside Azure dashboard running in Azure inside Azure dashboard running in Azure inside Azure Container Apps. You know that? I would like also here is that you I would like also here is that you I would like also here is that you haven't used any crazy big whatever haven't used any crazy big whatever haven't used any crazy big whatever model GPT-4 one model GPT-4 one model GPT-4 one &gt;&gt; for the win. Cheap one, fast one, and &gt;&gt; for the win. Cheap one, fast one, and &gt;&gt; for the win. Cheap one, fast one, and useful one. useful one. useful one. &gt;&gt; And also real time. Real time is the &gt;&gt; And also real time. Real time is the &gt;&gt; And also real time. Real time is the real time one or two? I can't remember. real time one or two? I can't remember. real time one or two? I can't remember. &gt;&gt; Uh it's &gt;&gt; Uh it's &gt;&gt; Uh it's a GPT real time one. Yeah, it's the one. a GPT real time one. Yeah, it's the one. a GPT real time one. Yeah, it's the one. &gt;&gt; it's also the good one and also the the &gt;&gt; it's also the good one and also the the &gt;&gt; it's also the good one and also the the cheap one and probably available in all cheap one and probably available in all cheap one and probably available in all of the regions. of the regions. of the regions. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And this is uh the ski researcher &gt;&gt; Yeah. And this is uh the ski researcher &gt;&gt; Yeah. And this is uh the ski researcher and the advisor agent hosted agent and the advisor agent hosted agent and the advisor agent hosted agent deployed to foundry. So, you can click deployed to foundry. So, you can click deployed to foundry. So, you can click inside here. Oh, this is like brutally inside here. Oh, this is like brutally inside here. Oh, this is like brutally zoomed. Okay. zoomed. Okay. zoomed. Okay. Uh Uh Uh Yeah, and you can like Yeah, and you can like Yeah, and you can like what is carving and things like that. what is carving and things like that. what is carving and things like that. You can have like the same experience You can have like the same experience You can have like the same experience here. Uh here. Uh here. Uh And you have traces, monitoring, and all And you have traces, monitoring, and all And you have traces, monitoring, and all these kind of these kind of these kind of things on this side as well. So, you got things on this side as well. So, you got things on this side as well. So, you got yeah, traces, monitoring. Uh and I had yeah, traces, monitoring. Uh and I had yeah, traces, monitoring. Uh and I had to do I didn't have to do like anything. to do I didn't have to do like anything. to do I didn't have to do like anything. This is an internal error that foundry This is an internal error that foundry This is an internal error that foundry is showing when you when your agent is showing when you when your agent is showing when you when your agent triggers triggers triggers a tool call that is actually another a tool call that is actually another a tool call that is actually another agent. agent. agent. We have this bug here. But, it's it's We have this bug here. But, it's it's We have this bug here. But, it's it's not an Aspire it's not an Aspire thing. not an Aspire it's not an Aspire thing. not an Aspire it's not an Aspire thing. It's it's a foundry thing and I'm It's it's a foundry thing and I'm It's it's a foundry thing and I'm talking with the foundry team to figure talking with the foundry team to figure talking with the foundry team to figure out what's happening here. But, it out what's happening here. But, it out what's happening here. But, it basically basically basically it it says that it fails to save the it it says that it fails to save the it it says that it fails to save the conversation. But, yeah, it's just when conversation. But, yeah, it's just when conversation. But, yeah, it's just when you invoke a tool that is actually a sub you invoke a tool that is actually a sub you invoke a tool that is actually a sub agent. But, yeah. agent. But, yeah. agent. But, yeah. That's minor. That's minor. That's minor. Uh so, you have the experience here. Uh so, you have the experience here. Uh so, you have the experience here. And And And uh did you Oh, good. You did it. Once uh did you Oh, good. You did it. Once uh did you Oh, good. You did it. Once again, container apps, open dashboard. This is the same Aspire dashboard that I This is the same Aspire dashboard that I This is the same Aspire dashboard that I had locally, but for the resources had locally, but for the resources had locally, but for the resources actually running on Azure. So, you have actually running on Azure. So, you have actually running on Azure. So, you have once again here the traces and the once again here the traces and the once again here the traces and the metrics and all the crazy things. And metrics and all the crazy things. And metrics and all the crazy things. And you can Of course, these are only the you can Of course, these are only the you can Of course, these are only the resources deployed to ACA. So, you see resources deployed to ACA. So, you see resources deployed to ACA. So, you see less resources here, but you can less resources here, but you can less resources here, but you can monitoring you can monitor all your monitoring you can monitor all your monitoring you can monitor all your deployments using the Aspire dashboard deployments using the Aspire dashboard deployments using the Aspire dashboard even on Azure if you go with ACA, which even on Azure if you go with ACA, which even on Azure if you go with ACA, which is I think really really cool. is I think really really cool. is I think really really cool. Uh Uh Uh Yeah, and I think this is basically it. Yeah, and I think this is basically it. Yeah, and I think this is basically it. &gt;&gt; One last question because we haven't &gt;&gt; One last question because we haven't &gt;&gt; One last question because we haven't talked about that and it probably should talked about that and it probably should talked about that and it probably should part of the we're getting to the end of part of the we're getting to the end of part of the we're getting to the end of the of the hour. And this is all in the the of the hour. And this is all in the the of the hour. And this is all in the in the blog post. I think at the bottom in the blog post. I think at the bottom in the blog post. I think at the bottom is somewhere if you're interested at the is somewhere if you're interested at the is somewhere if you're interested at the bottom you have the link to the repo. bottom you have the link to the repo. bottom you have the link to the repo. Yes? Yes? Yes? &gt;&gt; have put a link to my &gt;&gt; have put a link to my &gt;&gt; have put a link to my &gt;&gt; in the it's it's at the bottom. It's the &gt;&gt; in the it's it's at the bottom. It's the &gt;&gt; in the it's it's at the bottom. It's the useful link at the bottom. There it is useful link at the bottom. There it is useful link at the bottom. There it is with the repo. So, if someone is with the repo. So, if someone is with the repo. So, if someone is interested, if someone wants to try it, interested, if someone wants to try it, interested, if someone wants to try it, if someone want to go deep and more I'm if someone want to go deep and more I'm if someone want to go deep and more I'm I'm also assuming that you are open to I'm also assuming that you are open to I'm also assuming that you are open to PRs, issues, etc. collaborations and PRs, issues, etc. collaborations and PRs, issues, etc. collaborations and more, then the repo is there. Uh and more, then the repo is there. Uh and more, then the repo is there. Uh and hey, I like it. hey, I like it. hey, I like it. &gt;&gt; You can ask questions. You can criticize &gt;&gt; You can ask questions. You can criticize &gt;&gt; You can ask questions. You can criticize the way my authentic pattern. You can do the way my authentic pattern. You can do the way my authentic pattern. You can do whatever. I'm fine with it. whatever. I'm fine with it. whatever. I'm fine with it. &gt;&gt; No, no, no. I mean, it's amazing. That's &gt;&gt; No, no, no. I mean, it's amazing. That's &gt;&gt; No, no, no. I mean, it's amazing. That's that's that's the idea of the that we that's that's the idea of the that we that's that's the idea of the that we have here is to talk about these have here is to talk about these have here is to talk about these scenarios, to talk about scenarios, to talk about scenarios, to talk about I mean, we are having shows where we I mean, we are having shows where we I mean, we are having shows where we focus on okay, let's talk about the the focus on okay, let's talk about the the focus on okay, let's talk about the the tensor span data type in .NET to see how tensor span data type in .NET to see how tensor span data type in .NET to see how we can do stuff. And also this which is we can do stuff. And also this which is we can do stuff. And also this which is okay, and now this is how we make it okay, and now this is how we make it okay, and now this is how we make it real putting all together where we have real putting all together where we have real putting all together where we have Aspire, Dapr framework, Foundry and Aspire, Dapr framework, Foundry and Aspire, Dapr framework, Foundry and more. more. more. Also, by the way, this is the .NET show, Also, by the way, this is the .NET show, Also, by the way, this is the .NET show, but as you show, but as you show, but as you show, the real scenarios may include Python the real scenarios may include Python the real scenarios may include Python stuff, may include Go stuff, front end stuff, may include Go stuff, front end stuff, may include Go stuff, front end in JavaScript or TypeScript or whatever. in JavaScript or TypeScript or whatever. in JavaScript or TypeScript or whatever. So, this is where we live and I really, So, this is where we live and I really, So, this is where we live and I really, really like it. And hey, I appreciate really like it. And hey, I appreciate really like it. And hey, I appreciate this this this a lot. this this this a lot. this this this a lot. We're getting to the end of the hour. We're getting to the end of the hour. We're getting to the end of the hour. Something else that you want to share Something else that you want to share Something else that you want to share here? Some last minute something? here? Some last minute something? here? Some last minute something? &gt;&gt; Uh I think the the one last thing was uh &gt;&gt; Uh I think the the one last thing was uh &gt;&gt; Uh I think the the one last thing was uh this uh this PR here uh that I talked this uh this PR here uh that I talked this uh this PR here uh that I talked about before where I uh where I'm about before where I uh where I'm about before where I uh where I'm working to add working to add working to add Let me zoom out a bit. Uh this is is the Let me zoom out a bit. Uh this is is the Let me zoom out a bit. Uh this is is the experience I was talking about. So, experience I was talking about. So, experience I was talking about. So, if you have an agent running on AGY or if you have an agent running on AGY or if you have an agent running on AGY or ACP or H2H isn't RPC, you mark as agent ACP or H2H isn't RPC, you mark as agent ACP or H2H isn't RPC, you mark as agent as agent. And an important as agent. And an important as agent. And an important specification, this is not as hosted specification, this is not as hosted specification, this is not as hosted agent. So, this will be deployed to agent. So, this will be deployed to agent. So, this will be deployed to whichever computer resource you choose, whichever computer resource you choose, whichever computer resource you choose, ASU ASU ASU ACA, app service, whatever. But you can ACA, app service, whatever. But you can ACA, app service, whatever. But you can tell the Aspire dashboard that this tell the Aspire dashboard that this tell the Aspire dashboard that this resource here is an actual agent. So, we resource here is an actual agent. So, we resource here is an actual agent. So, we can do like cool things for you. The can do like cool things for you. The can do like cool things for you. The first thing that comes to my mind was of first thing that comes to my mind was of first thing that comes to my mind was of course the action for the invocation. Or course the action for the invocation. Or course the action for the invocation. Or for the H2A agent, we will inject for the H2A agent, we will inject for the H2A agent, we will inject directly the endpoint to the H2A agent directly the endpoint to the H2A agent directly the endpoint to the H2A agent card instead of like only injecting the card instead of like only injecting the card instead of like only injecting the uh the endpoint of the of the agent uh the endpoint of the of the agent uh the endpoint of the of the agent because we know that you will read the because we know that you will read the because we know that you will read the agent card and get the endpoint from agent card and get the endpoint from agent card and get the endpoint from there. there. there. &gt;&gt; So, you will avoid that piece of code &gt;&gt; So, you will avoid that piece of code &gt;&gt; So, you will avoid that piece of code that you showed before where you are that you showed before where you are that you showed before where you are resolving the agent card doing the dot resolving the agent card doing the dot resolving the agent card doing the dot well-known well-known well-known &gt;&gt; Yeah, instead of like resolving the &gt;&gt; Yeah, instead of like resolving the &gt;&gt; Yeah, instead of like resolving the agent card in a different Yeah, we will agent card in a different Yeah, we will agent card in a different Yeah, we will just get that so you can create the just get that so you can create the just get that so you can create the agent card from MAF. Uh this is the agent card from MAF. Uh this is the agent card from MAF. Uh this is the endpoint of the agent card and MAF will endpoint of the agent card and MAF will endpoint of the agent card and MAF will do the rest. So, we'll simplify certain do the rest. So, we'll simplify certain do the rest. So, we'll simplify certain loops when you use uh H2A. Yeah, and loops when you use uh H2A. Yeah, and loops when you use uh H2A. Yeah, and this is a a work in progress, but it's this is a a work in progress, but it's this is a a work in progress, but it's uh it's coming together pretty nicely uh it's coming together pretty nicely uh it's coming together pretty nicely and also with MCP server. and also with MCP server. and also with MCP server. With MCC With MCP server is already a With MCC With MCP server is already a With MCC With MCP server is already a thing, but uh I am adding the custom thing, but uh I am adding the custom thing, but uh I am adding the custom commands for MCP servers so that if you commands for MCP servers so that if you commands for MCP servers so that if you have an MCP server and you want to have an MCP server and you want to have an MCP server and you want to invoke the MCP server, you can select invoke the MCP server, you can select invoke the MCP server, you can select the tool you want to invoke and fill out the tool you want to invoke and fill out the tool you want to invoke and fill out the parameters straight from the the parameters straight from the the parameters straight from the dashboard and hit run and it will invoke dashboard and hit run and it will invoke dashboard and hit run and it will invoke the MCP tool using those parameters and the MCP tool using those parameters and the MCP tool using those parameters and tell you the answer so you can tell you the answer so you can tell you the answer so you can test all the test all the test all the AgentiC and test and invoke all the AgentiC and test and invoke all the AgentiC and test and invoke all the AgentiC words straight from the Aspire AgentiC words straight from the Aspire AgentiC words straight from the Aspire dashboard, which I think might be useful dashboard, which I think might be useful dashboard, which I think might be useful in certain scenarios. Um yeah, this is in certain scenarios. Um yeah, this is in certain scenarios. Um yeah, this is something I the last bit I'm working on. something I the last bit I'm working on. something I the last bit I'm working on. &gt;&gt; Yes, I will say yes because as you &gt;&gt; Yes, I will say yes because as you &gt;&gt; Yes, I will say yes because as you mentioned and this is what I think we mentioned and this is what I think we mentioned and this is what I think we are living right now, we have more and are living right now, we have more and are living right now, we have more and more and more of these, let's more and more of these, let's more and more of these, let's orchestrate these pieces. Let's work orchestrate these pieces. Let's work orchestrate these pieces. Let's work with these microservices now agent where with these microservices now agent where with these microservices now agent where we have this and this and this, let's we have this and this and this, let's we have this and this and this, let's put it all together. If we create and put it all together. If we create and put it all together. If we create and provide to the developer community and provide to the developer community and provide to the developer community and more the tools and the mechanisms are more the tools and the mechanisms are more the tools and the mechanisms are whatever they need to make this easier whatever they need to make this easier whatever they need to make this easier like I like the asked like I like the asked like I like the asked agent and this is going to be an AgUI or agent and this is going to be an AgUI or agent and this is going to be an AgUI or whatever. It's going to be great. You whatever. It's going to be great. You whatever. It's going to be great. You test locally, you play around locally in test locally, you play around locally in test locally, you play around locally in Aspire your dashboard and more and it's Aspire your dashboard and more and it's Aspire your dashboard and more and it's going to be the same on the cloud. I going to be the same on the cloud. I going to be the same on the cloud. I love it. I love it and hey, this is love it. I love it and hey, this is love it. I love it and hey, this is amazing. Thanks a lot for for all of the amazing. Thanks a lot for for all of the amazing. Thanks a lot for for all of the review and and more. Let me close as you review and and more. Let me close as you review and and more. Let me close as you were here. were here. were here. So, just a reminder for everyone, this So, just a reminder for everyone, this So, just a reminder for everyone, this is recorded so I am going to be in the is recorded so I am going to be in the is recorded so I am going to be in the chat answering questions and and having chat answering questions and and having chat answering questions and and having fun there fun there fun there and hey, and hey, and hey, Oh. Oh. Oh. I will lost to muscle. I will lost to muscle. I will lost to muscle. Uh what's happening here? Probably Uh what's happening here? Probably Uh what's happening here? Probably clicking the wrong clicking the wrong clicking the wrong in the wrong button. in the wrong button. in the wrong button. Hey, everyone, there he's back. &gt;&gt; Did I crash? &gt;&gt; Did I crash? &gt;&gt; Did I crash? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; No problem. No problem. It's &gt;&gt; No problem. No problem. It's &gt;&gt; No problem. No problem. It's &gt;&gt; Crazy. &gt;&gt; Crazy. &gt;&gt; Crazy. &gt;&gt; It's feel like it was live. &gt;&gt; It's feel like it was live. &gt;&gt; It's feel like it was live. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; No, I &gt;&gt; No, I &gt;&gt; No, I I was just wrapping up saying thanks to I was just wrapping up saying thanks to I was just wrapping up saying thanks to everyone. Thanks to you to muscle Uh, everyone. Thanks to you to muscle Uh, everyone. Thanks to you to muscle Uh, and everyone. Literally, this feel like and everyone. Literally, this feel like and everyone. Literally, this feel like it was live. Because those things happen it was live. Because those things happen it was live. Because those things happen in live demos and more. in live demos and more. in live demos and more. And people can find you are going to And people can find you are going to And people can find you are going to share the the stuff here and there. share the the stuff here and there. share the the stuff here and there. Tommaso, thanks a lot. See you on the Tommaso, thanks a lot. See you on the Tommaso, thanks a lot. See you on the next one. And it's a pleasure to to to next one. And it's a pleasure to to to next one. And it's a pleasure to to to spend the time here. I learn a lot. I spend the time here. I learn a lot. I spend the time here. I learn a lot. I love it. This is the session that I like love it. This is the session that I like love it. This is the session that I like when I learn a lot. when I learn a lot. when I learn a lot. &gt;&gt; Goodbye everyone. It's a pleasure. Thank &gt;&gt; Goodbye everyone. It's a pleasure. Thank &gt;&gt; Goodbye everyone. It's a pleasure. Thank you Bruno for having me. Bye-bye.
