[Music] What does agent orchestration? How are What does agent orchestration? How are What does agent orchestration? How are they different from workflows? So they different from workflows? So they different from workflows? So workflows or again enable example of workflows or again enable example of workflows or again enable example of what a workflow is where you have an LLM what a workflow is where you have an LLM what a workflow is where you have an LLM call, you have tools, you have say call, you have tools, you have say call, you have tools, you have say another code block coming in. So it's another code block coming in. So it's another code block coming in. So it's very it's workflow and it follows a very very it's workflow and it follows a very very it's workflow and it follows a very typical I would say uh structure uh when typical I would say uh structure uh when typical I would say uh structure uh when it comes to executing a task. It is not it comes to executing a task. It is not it comes to executing a task. It is not uh necessarily uh dynamic in nature but uh necessarily uh dynamic in nature but uh necessarily uh dynamic in nature but when it comes to agents it's very when it comes to agents it's very when it comes to agents it's very dynamic in nature. You're not explicitly dynamic in nature. You're not explicitly dynamic in nature. You're not explicitly wiring uh all these connections. Um it wiring uh all these connections. Um it wiring uh all these connections. Um it is the the wiring is done in runtime. is the the wiring is done in runtime. is the the wiring is done in runtime. Again I'll show with uh show that with Again I'll show with uh show that with Again I'll show with uh show that with an example right uh we have some an example right uh we have some an example right uh we have some practicals lined up little later in the practicals lined up little later in the practicals lined up little later in the future sessions but I want to show at future sessions but I want to show at future sessions but I want to show at least how theoretically it looks like. least how theoretically it looks like. least how theoretically it looks like. So let us take this example So let us take this example So let us take this example orchestration. orchestration. orchestration. This is manager orchestration where you This is manager orchestration where you This is manager orchestration where you have one manager agent and four worker have one manager agent and four worker have one manager agent and four worker agents and the task of the manager agent agents and the task of the manager agent agents and the task of the manager agent is to get the job done by these worker is to get the job done by these worker is to get the job done by these worker agents and write a detailed research agents and write a detailed research agents and write a detailed research paper and I have four worker agents paper and I have four worker agents paper and I have four worker agents designed and you could you could designed and you could you could designed and you could you could obviously ask hey why should you have obviously ask hey why should you have obviously ask hey why should you have all these worker agents why can't you all these worker agents why can't you all these worker agents why can't you just ask the manager agent to do its job just ask the manager agent to do its job just ask the manager agent to do its job but the issue is you are now loading the but the issue is you are now loading the but the issue is you are now loading the prompt prompt prompt you loading the agent with a very you loading the agent with a very you loading the agent with a very massive prompt asking it to do a lot of massive prompt asking it to do a lot of massive prompt asking it to do a lot of things and when you do that they do not things and when you do that they do not things and when you do that they do not work very well. So that is the reason uh work very well. So that is the reason uh work very well. So that is the reason uh you kind of start breaking it down into you kind of start breaking it down into you kind of start breaking it down into agents which is a very key concept we agents which is a very key concept we agents which is a very key concept we will discuss uh tomorrow and the next will discuss uh tomorrow and the next will discuss uh tomorrow and the next session when it comes to breaking down a session when it comes to breaking down a session when it comes to breaking down a business requirement into agents but I business requirement into agents but I business requirement into agents but I want to highlight how this works how how want to highlight how this works how how want to highlight how this works how how are this orchestration different from are this orchestration different from are this orchestration different from workflows. So here all the logic is workflows. So here all the logic is workflows. So here all the logic is written into the master in the manager written into the master in the manager written into the master in the manager agent saying hey I want you to speak to agent saying hey I want you to speak to agent saying hey I want you to speak to the literature researcher which uses the literature researcher which uses the literature researcher which uses perplexity in the back end to first do a perplexity in the back end to first do a perplexity in the back end to first do a detailed research on the given topic and detailed research on the given topic and detailed research on the given topic and collect all the data. Then I want you to collect all the data. Then I want you to collect all the data. Then I want you to work with the draft writer agent and work with the draft writer agent and work with the draft writer agent and prepare a draft for the research paper. prepare a draft for the research paper. prepare a draft for the research paper. Then I want you to speak to a citation Then I want you to speak to a citation Then I want you to speak to a citation finder to find the citations. And finder to find the citations. And finder to find the citations. And finally I want you to speak to an editor finally I want you to speak to an editor finally I want you to speak to an editor which can edit and review the final copy which can edit and review the final copy which can edit and review the final copy and then the research paper produces the and then the research paper produces the and then the research paper produces the final copy and I have a working final copy and I have a working final copy and I have a working so let us see how it looks like in real so let us see how it looks like in real so let us see how it looks like in real so this is the research paper builder uh so this is the research paper builder uh so this is the research paper builder uh I have the description I have selected a I have the description I have selected a I have the description I have selected a model I can say open AI or I can say model I can say open AI or I can say model I can say open AI or I can say anthropic claude 3.7 anthropic claude 3.7 anthropic claude 3.7 um then I have enabled this as a manager um then I have enabled this as a manager um then I have enabled this as a manager agent and once to enable that I'm giving agent and once to enable that I'm giving agent and once to enable that I'm giving these four agents literature researcher these four agents literature researcher these four agents literature researcher draft writer citation and editor and draft writer citation and editor and draft writer citation and editor and these are all additional instructions these are all additional instructions these are all additional instructions that I'm providing and these are all that I'm providing and these are all that I'm providing and these are all individual agents themselves like individual agents themselves like individual agents themselves like literature researcher is an agent on its literature researcher is an agent on its literature researcher is an agent on its own uh let me go back and show you own uh let me go back and show you own uh let me go back and show you literature researcher it's an agent that literature researcher it's an agent that literature researcher it's an agent that can uh that uses perplexity in the back can uh that uses perplexity in the back can uh that uses perplexity in the back end and does its own research and end and does its own research and end and does its own research and produces an output so I can do a lot produces an output so I can do a lot produces an output so I can do a lot more with structured output and stuff more with structured output and stuff more with structured output and stuff which I'm not doing. So if you see I'm which I'm not doing. So if you see I'm which I'm not doing. So if you see I'm going to ask it say write a research going to ask it say write a research going to ask it say write a research paper. So if you see on the right bottom paper. So if you see on the right bottom paper. So if you see on the right bottom here write a research paper about LLM here write a research paper about LLM here write a research paper about LLM say hello. Now the agent has started working. I can Now the agent has started working. I can Now the agent has started working. I can see the activity. It first calls see the activity. It first calls see the activity. It first calls um one by one it calls the uh second um one by one it calls the uh second um one by one it calls the uh second agent as you saw the literature agent as you saw the literature agent as you saw the literature researcher and the literature researcher researcher and the literature researcher researcher and the literature researcher is uh doing its own uh research to is uh doing its own uh research to is uh doing its own uh research to produce the data then it moves on to the produce the data then it moves on to the produce the data then it moves on to the next stage. So it just starts passing next stage. So it just starts passing next stage. So it just starts passing on. So once it done its job, it is on. So once it done its job, it is on. So once it done its job, it is giving it back to the giving it back to the giving it back to the yeah it gives it back to the manager yeah it gives it back to the manager yeah it gives it back to the manager agent which then looks into it and then agent which then looks into it and then agent which then looks into it and then it sends the uh second ask to the next it sends the uh second ask to the next it sends the uh second ask to the next agent which is the draft writer. Uh so agent which is the draft writer. Uh so agent which is the draft writer. Uh so it just continues to go through various it just continues to go through various it just continues to go through various um I would say flows but dynamically. um I would say flows but dynamically. um I would say flows but dynamically. Where does the instruction sit? The Where does the instruction sit? The Where does the instruction sit? The instruction sits here. It is just plain instruction sits here. It is just plain instruction sits here. It is just plain simple English instructions that you simple English instructions that you simple English instructions that you give. Once the user researches the give. Once the user researches the give. Once the user researches the topic, assign it to a literature topic, assign it to a literature topic, assign it to a literature researcher and so on. Just pretty simple researcher and so on. Just pretty simple researcher and so on. Just pretty simple straightforward uh instructions that you straightforward uh instructions that you straightforward uh instructions that you gave. But since they are orchestrated by gave. But since they are orchestrated by gave. But since they are orchestrated by the lizer orchestrator in the back end, the lizer orchestrator in the back end, the lizer orchestrator in the back end, it is now automatically performing and it is now automatically performing and it is now automatically performing and collecting data. Uh and and this is like collecting data. Uh and and this is like collecting data. Uh and and this is like coming back through via UI GUI. Uh I coming back through via UI GUI. Uh I coming back through via UI GUI. Uh I think it's about to complete. think it's about to complete. think it's about to complete. So this is how they're different from an So this is how they're different from an So this is how they're different from an inaden workflow where you have to now inaden workflow where you have to now inaden workflow where you have to now hardcode these rules. Okay, do this then hardcode these rules. Okay, do this then hardcode these rules. Okay, do this then hardcode it to another one. Give it a hardcode it to another one. Give it a hardcode it to another one. Give it a knowledge base, give it a tool, hardcode knowledge base, give it a tool, hardcode knowledge base, give it a tool, hardcode it to third one. But here it is uh the it to third one. But here it is uh the it to third one. But here it is uh the agents are taking a call based on the agents are taking a call based on the agents are taking a call based on the instructions that they are provided instructions that they are provided instructions that they are provided with. So it'll just load the output in a with. So it'll just load the output in a with. So it'll just load the output in a while. I think now we are at the while. I think now we are at the while. I think now we are at the citation agent which is uh doing its citation agent which is uh doing its citation agent which is uh doing its citation and it has gone back to the citation and it has gone back to the citation and it has gone back to the manager agent finally to manager agent finally to manager agent finally to send it to the editor and reviewer which send it to the editor and reviewer which send it to the editor and reviewer which does the editing part does the editing part does the editing part and the manager agent and the manager agent and the manager agent is is is producing the final one. It's going to load it in sometime. Yeah, It's going to load it in sometime. Yeah, It's going to load it in sometime. Yeah, it's drafting it's drafting it's drafting it. Research findings were collected, it. Research findings were collected, it. Research findings were collected, draft created, citations inserted, and draft created, citations inserted, and draft created, citations inserted, and editing completed. editing completed. editing completed. So, there is something at the editor and So, there is something at the editor and So, there is something at the editor and reviewer agent and it is uh okay. okay. okay. So, it's working on it or it kind of So, it's working on it or it kind of So, it's working on it or it kind of stopped. So, now here is where you can stopped. So, now here is where you can stopped. So, now here is where you can go back and debug. Okay. what happened go back and debug. Okay. what happened go back and debug. Okay. what happened with the editor and review res uh with the editor and review res uh with the editor and review res uh reviewer agent and that allows us to go reviewer agent and that allows us to go reviewer agent and that allows us to go back and debug that particular agent. So back and debug that particular agent. So back and debug that particular agent. So this is something when you wipe code or this is something when you wipe code or this is something when you wipe code or when you build software systems it when you build software systems it when you build software systems it becomes very difficult but here with becomes very difficult but here with becomes very difficult but here with very minimal effort we were able to very minimal effort we were able to very minimal effort we were able to bring up uh a multi- aent system without bring up uh a multi- aent system without bring up uh a multi- aent system without having to establish those hard-coded having to establish those hard-coded having to establish those hard-coded workflows and imagine we never used workflows and imagine we never used workflows and imagine we never used anything around responsible AI and other anything around responsible AI and other anything around responsible AI and other stuff which we'll cover in a later stuff which we'll cover in a later stuff which we'll cover in a later topic. So this is how the ma the topic. So this is how the ma the topic. So this is how the ma the orchestration kind of becomes a lot more orchestration kind of becomes a lot more orchestration kind of becomes a lot more powerful.
