Hey everybody. Today we are going to Hey everybody. Today we are going to Hey everybody. Today we are going to have the recording of our June 2026 have the recording of our June 2026 have the recording of our June 2026 monthly mastermind. And we're going to monthly mastermind. And we're going to monthly mastermind. And we're going to talk about how top agents use chat GPT talk about how top agents use chat GPT talk about how top agents use chat GPT to save time, win more business, and to save time, win more business, and to save time, win more business, and deliver better. deliver better. deliver better. This is something that I know a lot of This is something that I know a lot of This is something that I know a lot of you guys have specifically been wanting. you guys have specifically been wanting. you guys have specifically been wanting. Uh we actually just set up the Veranda Uh we actually just set up the Veranda Uh we actually just set up the Veranda Realty Group uh business account. So if Realty Group uh business account. So if Realty Group uh business account. So if you haven't yet and you want to, let you haven't yet and you want to, let you haven't yet and you want to, let Christie know. It's 25 bucks a month and Christie know. It's 25 bucks a month and Christie know. It's 25 bucks a month and we can add a seat for you. we can add a seat for you. we can add a seat for you. Uh basically what that does is it gets Uh basically what that does is it gets Uh basically what that does is it gets you a fully encrypted version of chat you a fully encrypted version of chat you a fully encrypted version of chat GPT that doesn't use your information GPT that doesn't use your information GPT that doesn't use your information for learning. So it's far more secure for learning. So it's far more secure for learning. So it's far more secure and protected for your customers' and protected for your customers' and protected for your customers' information. Uh and just for your information. Uh and just for your information. Uh and just for your general use as well. Uh general use as well. Uh general use as well. Uh I'm going to get into it here in just a I'm going to get into it here in just a I'm going to get into it here in just a minute, but today's objectives minute, but today's objectives minute, but today's objectives Basically I want to help you understand Basically I want to help you understand Basically I want to help you understand how AI is changing real estate. We're how AI is changing real estate. We're how AI is changing real estate. We're going to learn where AI creates the going to learn where AI creates the going to learn where AI creates the bi- bi- bi- biggest productivity gains. biggest productivity gains. biggest productivity gains. Uh discover the practical applications Uh discover the practical applications Uh discover the practical applications that you can use immediately. Understand that you can use immediately. Understand that you can use immediately. Understand the risks and compliance considerations. the risks and compliance considerations. the risks and compliance considerations. And then also to build a roadmap for And then also to build a roadmap for And then also to build a roadmap for becoming an AI-powered agent. So these becoming an AI-powered agent. So these becoming an AI-powered agent. So these are tools that you really should be are tools that you really should be are tools that you really should be using every day. And I'm going to kind using every day. And I'm going to kind using every day. And I'm going to kind of show you I'm going to switch out of of show you I'm going to switch out of of show you I'm going to switch out of the presentation and switch over to my the presentation and switch over to my the presentation and switch over to my chat GPT just to show you some examples chat GPT just to show you some examples chat GPT just to show you some examples of kind of how we've used it and things of kind of how we've used it and things of kind of how we've used it and things like that. like that. like that. Now, Now, Now, I know there's a lot of people out there I know there's a lot of people out there I know there's a lot of people out there that are saying AI is going to replace that are saying AI is going to replace that are saying AI is going to replace real estate agents. And the reality is real estate agents. And the reality is real estate agents. And the reality is it's not. But what is going to happen is it's not. But what is going to happen is it's not. But what is going to happen is the agents that are using AI are going the agents that are using AI are going the agents that are using AI are going to start replacing those who don't. to start replacing those who don't. to start replacing those who don't. Because you're going to be able to be Because you're going to be able to be Because you're going to be able to be more efficient, more effective. You're more efficient, more effective. You're more efficient, more effective. You're going to be a stronger negotiator, a going to be a stronger negotiator, a going to be a stronger negotiator, a stronger communicator. And ultimately stronger communicator. And ultimately stronger communicator. And ultimately your business will benefit from your use your business will benefit from your use your business will benefit from your use of AI. of AI. of AI. So consumers are already using it. So consumers are already using it. So consumers are already using it. They're researching neighborhoods. They're researching neighborhoods. They're researching neighborhoods. They're comparing communities. They're They're comparing communities. They're They're comparing communities. They're understanding their financing. They're understanding their financing. They're understanding their financing. They're learning about the buying process and learning about the buying process and learning about the buying process and they're evaluating agents. they're evaluating agents. they're evaluating agents. So the days of going to Zillow or going So the days of going to Zillow or going So the days of going to Zillow or going to realtor.com and trying to find an to realtor.com and trying to find an to realtor.com and trying to find an agent, those days are fading quickly. agent, those days are fading quickly. agent, those days are fading quickly. What's happening now instead of going to What's happening now instead of going to What's happening now instead of going to Google, these prospective buyers and Google, these prospective buyers and Google, these prospective buyers and sellers are going to chat GPT or Gemini sellers are going to chat GPT or Gemini sellers are going to chat GPT or Gemini or Grok or, you know, any of the other or Grok or, you know, any of the other or Grok or, you know, any of the other number of ones that are out there and number of ones that are out there and number of ones that are out there and they're asking, "Which agent should I they're asking, "Which agent should I they're asking, "Which agent should I use if I want to purchase in New Port use if I want to purchase in New Port use if I want to purchase in New Port Richey, Florida or Clearwater or Richey, Florida or Clearwater or Richey, Florida or Clearwater or Sarasota or whatever?" Sarasota or whatever?" Sarasota or whatever?" Part of this is going to be making sure Part of this is going to be making sure Part of this is going to be making sure that you're getting found and that's that you're getting found and that's that you're getting found and that's really a class for another day. We're really a class for another day. We're really a class for another day. We're going to cover that later. Um talking going to cover that later. Um talking going to cover that later. Um talking about SEO and things like that, but about SEO and things like that, but about SEO and things like that, but understand that agents or not even understand that agents or not even understand that agents or not even agents, customers, you know, the general agents, customers, you know, the general agents, customers, you know, the general public, they're already using AI to try public, they're already using AI to try public, they're already using AI to try and determine who they're going to work and determine who they're going to work and determine who they're going to work with. with. with. So this is not some theory, this is So this is not some theory, this is So this is not some theory, this is practical reality. practical reality. practical reality. Now one of the things that I want to Now one of the things that I want to Now one of the things that I want to start with is don't think of AI as start with is don't think of AI as start with is don't think of AI as technology and we talked about this in technology and we talked about this in technology and we talked about this in the class yesterday. the class yesterday. the class yesterday. I use my chat GPT like a team member or I use my chat GPT like a team member or I use my chat GPT like a team member or like an unlicensed assistant effectively like an unlicensed assistant effectively like an unlicensed assistant effectively because because because you can communicate with it. You can go you can communicate with it. You can go you can communicate with it. You can go back and forth. You can have dialogue. back and forth. You can have dialogue. back and forth. You can have dialogue. You can have conversations. You can role You can have conversations. You can role You can have conversations. You can role play. play. play. But understand that there are But understand that there are But understand that there are limitations to chat GPT specifically and limitations to chat GPT specifically and limitations to chat GPT specifically and AI in general. AI in general. AI in general. So it can serve as your assistant, your So it can serve as your assistant, your So it can serve as your assistant, your marketing coordinator, your research marketing coordinator, your research marketing coordinator, your research analyst, your transaction support analyst, your transaction support analyst, your transaction support specialist and your business coach. specialist and your business coach. specialist and your business coach. But it is not a licensed agent. It has But it is not a licensed agent. It has But it is not a licensed agent. It has no accountability for mistakes that are no accountability for mistakes that are no accountability for mistakes that are made. So ultimately, anything that made. So ultimately, anything that made. So ultimately, anything that you're relying on your chat GPT or other you're relying on your chat GPT or other you're relying on your chat GPT or other AI to do, you need to verify and make AI to do, you need to verify and make AI to do, you need to verify and make sure that it's correct. sure that it's correct. sure that it's correct. So successful estate are not just using So successful estate are not just using So successful estate are not just using AI occasionally, they're building it AI occasionally, they're building it AI occasionally, they're building it into their daily workflow, and I'm going into their daily workflow, and I'm going into their daily workflow, and I'm going to show you exactly how to do that. to show you exactly how to do that. to show you exactly how to do that. So, think about all the tasks that you So, think about all the tasks that you So, think about all the tasks that you do in a given day that don't require a do in a given day that don't require a do in a given day that don't require a real estate license. Writing emails, real estate license. Writing emails, real estate license. Writing emails, social media posts, research, follow-up, social media posts, research, follow-up, social media posts, research, follow-up, marketing, scheduling, admin work. marketing, scheduling, admin work. marketing, scheduling, admin work. How much of that could you delegate to How much of that could you delegate to How much of that could you delegate to your AI your AI your AI so that you don't have to spend as much so that you don't have to spend as much so that you don't have to spend as much time doing it, so that you can spend time doing it, so that you can spend time doing it, so that you can spend your time on those activities that are your time on those activities that are your time on those activities that are going to help generate money for you. going to help generate money for you. going to help generate money for you. So, that's kind of how I want you to So, that's kind of how I want you to So, that's kind of how I want you to think about the applications that we're think about the applications that we're think about the applications that we're talking about using ChatGPT talking about using ChatGPT talking about using ChatGPT specifically. specifically. specifically. Now, where AI creates value. And for the Now, where AI creates value. And for the Now, where AI creates value. And for the purposes of this conversation, I'm going purposes of this conversation, I'm going purposes of this conversation, I'm going to kind of use ChatGPT and AI to kind of use ChatGPT and AI to kind of use ChatGPT and AI interchangeably, even though there are interchangeably, even though there are interchangeably, even though there are multiple AI systems, Gemini, multiple AI systems, Gemini, multiple AI systems, Gemini, um Quad, things like that. Mostly, I'm um Quad, things like that. Mostly, I'm um Quad, things like that. Mostly, I'm focused just on ChatGPT because it is focused just on ChatGPT because it is focused just on ChatGPT because it is the most well-rounded for real estate the most well-rounded for real estate the most well-rounded for real estate use in general. So, I'll say AI, but use in general. So, I'll say AI, but use in general. So, I'll say AI, but really I'm talking about ChatGPT for the really I'm talking about ChatGPT for the really I'm talking about ChatGPT for the purposes of most of this discussion. purposes of most of this discussion. purposes of most of this discussion. So, your AI is going to handle drafting, So, your AI is going to handle drafting, So, your AI is going to handle drafting, organizing, researching, summarizing, organizing, researching, summarizing, organizing, researching, summarizing, brainstorming, and crafting first brainstorming, and crafting first brainstorming, and crafting first versions. This is very, very important. versions. This is very, very important. versions. This is very, very important. What ChatGPT ChatGPT gives you is not What ChatGPT ChatGPT gives you is not What ChatGPT ChatGPT gives you is not your final version. You need to review your final version. You need to review your final version. You need to review it, you need to edit it, you need to it, you need to edit it, you need to it, you need to edit it, you need to make sure that it is fair housing make sure that it is fair housing make sure that it is fair housing compliant, that it doesn't break any compliant, that it doesn't break any compliant, that it doesn't break any ethics rules, because ultimately, there ethics rules, because ultimately, there ethics rules, because ultimately, there are agents who are getting in trouble. are agents who are getting in trouble. are agents who are getting in trouble. There are attorneys who are getting in There are attorneys who are getting in There are attorneys who are getting in trouble, too. Um trouble, too. Um trouble, too. Um because AI frequently makes mistakes. because AI frequently makes mistakes. because AI frequently makes mistakes. And if you don't go through and correct And if you don't go through and correct And if you don't go through and correct that or verify that, ultimately, you are that or verify that, ultimately, you are that or verify that, ultimately, you are responsible for the information that's responsible for the information that's responsible for the information that's being put out. And I shared the example being put out. And I shared the example being put out. And I shared the example that there was a huge law firm, one of that there was a huge law firm, one of that there was a huge law firm, one of the largest law firms in the country, the largest law firms in the country, the largest law firms in the country, and one of their attorneys submitted a and one of their attorneys submitted a and one of their attorneys submitted a case to the Supreme Court. case to the Supreme Court. case to the Supreme Court. They apparently if their paralegal or They apparently if their paralegal or They apparently if their paralegal or whoever it was that was creating this whoever it was that was creating this whoever it was that was creating this draft draft draft uh uh uh used AI and AI cited cases that did not used AI and AI cited cases that did not used AI and AI cited cases that did not exist. It hallucinated them. And that's exist. It hallucinated them. And that's exist. It hallucinated them. And that's a term that you're going to hear me use a term that you're going to hear me use a term that you're going to hear me use a couple of times through this a couple of times through this a couple of times through this presentation. Hallucination is when AI presentation. Hallucination is when AI presentation. Hallucination is when AI makes something up. makes something up. makes something up. In this case, AI hallucinated cases. In this case, AI hallucinated cases. In this case, AI hallucinated cases. And this was And this was And this was submitted to the Supreme Court. The submitted to the Supreme Court. The submitted to the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court verified these cases to Supreme Court verified these cases to Supreme Court verified these cases to find out they didn't exist. And now two find out they didn't exist. And now two find out they didn't exist. And now two of these attorneys are being permanently of these attorneys are being permanently of these attorneys are being permanently disbarred because they cited cases that disbarred because they cited cases that disbarred because they cited cases that didn't exist. didn't exist. didn't exist. So this is my warning. So this is my warning. So this is my warning. When you're using AI, be very very When you're using AI, be very very When you're using AI, be very very careful. It creates your first draft. It careful. It creates your first draft. It careful. It creates your first draft. It is not the end-all authority on is not the end-all authority on is not the end-all authority on everything. So go in with the right everything. So go in with the right everything. So go in with the right expectation on how to use it and then expectation on how to use it and then expectation on how to use it and then use it effectively. use it effectively. use it effectively. Now, that's what AI handles. You as the Now, that's what AI handles. You as the Now, that's what AI handles. You as the agent, you're going to be handling agent, you're going to be handling agent, you're going to be handling relationships, trust, strategy, relationships, trust, strategy, relationships, trust, strategy, negotiation, expertise, and judgment. AI negotiation, expertise, and judgment. AI negotiation, expertise, and judgment. AI is a tool that's going to assist you is a tool that's going to assist you is a tool that's going to assist you with these things, but ultimately that with these things, but ultimately that with these things, but ultimately that becomes your responsibility. becomes your responsibility. becomes your responsibility. So start thinking about in these So start thinking about in these So start thinking about in these routines how you might be able to use routines how you might be able to use routines how you might be able to use Chat GPT to really become more efficient Chat GPT to really become more efficient Chat GPT to really become more efficient and effective. And we're going to talk and effective. And we're going to talk and effective. And we're going to talk about what that looks like a little bit about what that looks like a little bit about what that looks like a little bit more in the coming slides. more in the coming slides. more in the coming slides. One of the things that I want to tell One of the things that I want to tell One of the things that I want to tell you because I know a lot of agents use you because I know a lot of agents use you because I know a lot of agents use the free Chat GPT and they go, "Oh, it's the free Chat GPT and they go, "Oh, it's the free Chat GPT and they go, "Oh, it's fine for what I'm doing." fine for what I'm doing." fine for what I'm doing." Understand that in the free model, Understand that in the free model, Understand that in the free model, you're about three versions back on the you're about three versions back on the you're about three versions back on the AI AI AI &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; excuse me, on the AI system. &gt;&gt; excuse me, on the AI system. &gt;&gt; excuse me, on the AI system. Um your ability to upload files, you can Um your ability to upload files, you can Um your ability to upload files, you can do it, but it's not protected. So any do it, but it's not protected. So any do it, but it's not protected. So any information that you put in gets used information that you put in gets used information that you put in gets used for machine learning. for machine learning. for machine learning. That's a big deal. That's a big deal. That's a big deal. Uh your enhanced privacy, Uh your enhanced privacy, Uh your enhanced privacy, that doesn't exist in anything other that doesn't exist in anything other that doesn't exist in anything other than the business model. The business than the business model. The business than the business model. The business one that we have is basically their one that we have is basically their one that we have is basically their enterprise version of ChatGPT. So, think enterprise version of ChatGPT. So, think enterprise version of ChatGPT. So, think like large companies. But, they've like large companies. But, they've like large companies. But, they've understood that a lot of times small understood that a lot of times small understood that a lot of times small businesses benefit from this as well. businesses benefit from this as well. businesses benefit from this as well. And so, we are able to effectively get And so, we are able to effectively get And so, we are able to effectively get all of the protections of that all of the protections of that all of the protections of that enterprise account, but on a much enterprise account, but on a much enterprise account, but on a much smaller scale. smaller scale. smaller scale. So, it's 256-bit So, it's 256-bit So, it's 256-bit encrypted. That's bank level encryption. encrypted. That's bank level encryption. encrypted. That's bank level encryption. It also does not use your information It also does not use your information It also does not use your information for learning. And all of your for learning. And all of your for learning. And all of your information is protected. information is protected. information is protected. Um we're going to talk about uploading Um we're going to talk about uploading Um we're going to talk about uploading inspection reports and things like that. inspection reports and things like that. inspection reports and things like that. That has customer information on it. So, That has customer information on it. So, That has customer information on it. So, if you are not using a paid version of if you are not using a paid version of if you are not using a paid version of ChatGPT, you need to make very, very, ChatGPT, you need to make very, very, ChatGPT, you need to make very, very, very sure that you are removing all very sure that you are removing all very sure that you are removing all personal information personal information personal information from that document before you upload it. from that document before you upload it. from that document before you upload it. Because the minute it hits that Because the minute it hits that Because the minute it hits that server, effectively, it is now public server, effectively, it is now public server, effectively, it is now public information. information. information. Some of those inspection reports, Some of those inspection reports, Some of those inspection reports, especially, are copyrighted. So, you especially, are copyrighted. So, you especially, are copyrighted. So, you uploading it into a public forum uploading it into a public forum uploading it into a public forum could get you in very serious trouble. could get you in very serious trouble. could get you in very serious trouble. And so, that's why I tell almost every And so, that's why I tell almost every And so, that's why I tell almost every agent, for 25 bucks a month, it is well agent, for 25 bucks a month, it is well agent, for 25 bucks a month, it is well worth having an encrypted, protected worth having an encrypted, protected worth having an encrypted, protected ChatGPT ChatGPT ChatGPT because of the liability that it saves because of the liability that it saves because of the liability that it saves you. Understand, too, that the ChatGPT you. Understand, too, that the ChatGPT you. Understand, too, that the ChatGPT is a business expense. So, you can write is a business expense. So, you can write is a business expense. So, you can write this off at the end of the year this off at the end of the year this off at the end of the year as a business. Or as something you use as a business. Or as something you use as a business. Or as something you use for your business, rather. So, 25 bucks for your business, rather. So, 25 bucks for your business, rather. So, 25 bucks is pretty cheap. is pretty cheap. is pretty cheap. You know, 25 bucks a month, well worth You know, 25 bucks a month, well worth You know, 25 bucks a month, well worth it for what you can use it for and what it for what you can use it for and what it for what you can use it for and what you can get out of it. And we're going you can get out of it. And we're going you can get out of it. And we're going to talk about that, too. to talk about that, too. to talk about that, too. So, why it makes sense to have the So, why it makes sense to have the So, why it makes sense to have the business account. And I kind of just business account. And I kind of just business account. And I kind of just went through this. Better collaboration, went through this. Better collaboration, went through this. Better collaboration, suitable for your business workflows, suitable for your business workflows, suitable for your business workflows, stronger customer protection, because stronger customer protection, because stronger customer protection, because then it protects your data. then it protects your data. then it protects your data. And ultimately, there are five ways. And ultimately, there are five ways. And ultimately, there are five ways. Now, there are many, many more than Now, there are many, many more than Now, there are many, many more than this, but just for the purposes of this, but just for the purposes of this, but just for the purposes of today's course, we're going to talk today's course, we're going to talk today's course, we're going to talk about five. How it can be your about five. How it can be your about five. How it can be your assistant, your marketing coordinator, assistant, your marketing coordinator, assistant, your marketing coordinator, your research analyst, your transaction your research analyst, your transaction your research analyst, your transaction support, and your business coach. support, and your business coach. support, and your business coach. You can use your AI as your assistant to You can use your AI as your assistant to You can use your AI as your assistant to help you with emails, text messages, help you with emails, text messages, help you with emails, text messages, follow-up plans, CRM communication, follow-up plans, CRM communication, follow-up plans, CRM communication, appointment confirmations, open house appointment confirmations, open house appointment confirmations, open house invitations, client updates, invitations, client updates, invitations, client updates, all sorts of things. So, one of the best all sorts of things. So, one of the best all sorts of things. So, one of the best examples that I've heard of this was examples that I've heard of this was examples that I've heard of this was somebody I can't remember if it was a somebody I can't remember if it was a somebody I can't remember if it was a podcast or something I was listening to podcast or something I was listening to podcast or something I was listening to and the customer just absolutely lit and the customer just absolutely lit and the customer just absolutely lit this agent up in an email. And I can't this agent up in an email. And I can't this agent up in an email. And I can't remember if it was like a listing that remember if it was like a listing that remember if it was like a listing that expired or maybe it was something with expired or maybe it was something with expired or maybe it was something with the repair addendum like after the the the repair addendum like after the the the repair addendum like after the the negotiation, whatever it was. And this negotiation, whatever it was. And this negotiation, whatever it was. And this customer emailed the agent just customer emailed the agent just customer emailed the agent just absolutely furious. And you know, there absolutely furious. And you know, there absolutely furious. And you know, there was a lot of heat in the email. was a lot of heat in the email. was a lot of heat in the email. So, rather than doing what the agent So, rather than doing what the agent So, rather than doing what the agent wanted to do, which was immediately fire wanted to do, which was immediately fire wanted to do, which was immediately fire back, he took a step back and put it back, he took a step back and put it back, he took a step back and put it into ChatGPT. Now, because he had the into ChatGPT. Now, because he had the into ChatGPT. Now, because he had the pro version, it was encrypted and all of pro version, it was encrypted and all of pro version, it was encrypted and all of that, so he could make sure that the that, so he could make sure that the that, so he could make sure that the information was protected. Otherwise, he information was protected. Otherwise, he information was protected. Otherwise, he would have had to have gone back and would have had to have gone back and would have had to have gone back and redact the email and all of that from redact the email and all of that from redact the email and all of that from all the the messages. But, he uploaded all the the messages. But, he uploaded all the the messages. But, he uploaded the entire email thread and basically the entire email thread and basically the entire email thread and basically went into chat and said, "How should I went into chat and said, "How should I went into chat and said, "How should I respond to this?" respond to this?" respond to this?" And so, ChatGPT came back and said, "You And so, ChatGPT came back and said, "You And so, ChatGPT came back and said, "You know, the customer has some valid know, the customer has some valid know, the customer has some valid points. Here are some points that I points. Here are some points that I points. Here are some points that I think you should acknowledge. And then, think you should acknowledge. And then, think you should acknowledge. And then, here are some points where the here are some points where the here are some points where the information doesn't where perception information doesn't where perception information doesn't where perception doesn't necessarily align with reality. doesn't necessarily align with reality. doesn't necessarily align with reality. You know, and they kind of went through You know, and they kind of went through You know, and they kind of went through and worked through it." and worked through it." and worked through it." And then, the agent was able to draft a And then, the agent was able to draft a And then, the agent was able to draft a very cohesive, very cohesive, very cohesive, very, you know, level, non-emotional very, you know, level, non-emotional very, you know, level, non-emotional response to the customer that response to the customer that response to the customer that acknowledged what the customer was going acknowledged what the customer was going acknowledged what the customer was going through, you know, the way that they through, you know, the way that they through, you know, the way that they felt, gave some counterpoints, and then felt, gave some counterpoints, and then felt, gave some counterpoints, and then created a clear path forward for them. created a clear path forward for them. created a clear path forward for them. So, the good thing about ChatGPT is it's So, the good thing about ChatGPT is it's So, the good thing about ChatGPT is it's completely unemotional. completely unemotional. completely unemotional. It doesn't have an emotional investment It doesn't have an emotional investment It doesn't have an emotional investment into this problem like you or, you know, into this problem like you or, you know, into this problem like you or, you know, the other party or whoever. So, you're the other party or whoever. So, you're the other party or whoever. So, you're able to kind of use these situations to able to kind of use these situations to able to kind of use these situations to have an unemotional third party help you have an unemotional third party help you have an unemotional third party help you draft your reply. Same thing with text draft your reply. Same thing with text draft your reply. Same thing with text messages, um follow-up plans. messages, um follow-up plans. messages, um follow-up plans. You know, there's a lot of things like You know, there's a lot of things like You know, there's a lot of things like this that you can plug in and and be this that you can plug in and and be this that you can plug in and and be able to use your AI to really help you able to use your AI to really help you able to use your AI to really help you with your business. Uh AI is your marketing coordinator. So, Uh AI is your marketing coordinator. So, Uh AI is your marketing coordinator. So, you can use ChatGPT to generate listing you can use ChatGPT to generate listing you can use ChatGPT to generate listing descriptions, video scripts, social descriptions, video scripts, social descriptions, video scripts, social media posts, email campaigns, blog media posts, email campaigns, blog media posts, email campaigns, blog content. Um content. Um content. Um an example of this. So, for listing an example of this. So, for listing an example of this. So, for listing descriptions, you can go in and just descriptions, you can go in and just descriptions, you can go in and just basically give it a very generic basically give it a very generic basically give it a very generic uh information about the property. It's uh information about the property. It's uh information about the property. It's three bedrooms, two bathrooms, it had a three bedrooms, two bathrooms, it had a three bedrooms, two bathrooms, it had a new roof that was replaced in 2021. new roof that was replaced in 2021. new roof that was replaced in 2021. Um you know, it's in this community, Um you know, it's in this community, Um you know, it's in this community, it's got this much square feet, it's it's got this much square feet, it's it's got this much square feet, it's got, you know, these features, whatever. got, you know, these features, whatever. got, you know, these features, whatever. And it can actually go in and create a And it can actually go in and create a And it can actually go in and create a listing description for you. You also listing description for you. You also listing description for you. You also have the benefit of uploading photos, have the benefit of uploading photos, have the benefit of uploading photos, and I'll show you guys how to do this uh and I'll show you guys how to do this uh and I'll show you guys how to do this uh cuz I did this with one of mine as a a cuz I did this with one of mine as a a cuz I did this with one of mine as a a explanation. So, I will So, I will So, I will kind of show you how this works. kind of show you how this works. kind of show you how this works. But, But, But, you can also create video scripts. you can also create video scripts. you can also create video scripts. There are a couple of video There are a couple of video There are a couple of video uh uh uh programs and software and things that programs and software and things that programs and software and things that are out there where are out there where are out there where you can actually go in and read their you can actually go in and read their you can actually go in and read their sample dialogue. And what it'll do is it sample dialogue. And what it'll do is it sample dialogue. And what it'll do is it will actually recreate your voice. And will actually recreate your voice. And will actually recreate your voice. And then you can also have it create an AI then you can also have it create an AI then you can also have it create an AI version of you effectively. And you version of you effectively. And you version of you effectively. And you could type in the script of what you could type in the script of what you could type in the script of what you want it to say, and then it will do it want it to say, and then it will do it want it to say, and then it will do it in your voice and your face. The one in your voice and your face. The one in your voice and your face. The one thing I'll tell you about video with AI thing I'll tell you about video with AI thing I'll tell you about video with AI is it doesn't do well with hands. So, is it doesn't do well with hands. So, is it doesn't do well with hands. So, one of the things that I've heard is one of the things that I've heard is one of the things that I've heard is like it'll add a sixth finger or you like it'll add a sixth finger or you like it'll add a sixth finger or you know, it kind of distorts hands. So, know, it kind of distorts hands. So, know, it kind of distorts hands. So, what I would tell you is if you are what I would tell you is if you are what I would tell you is if you are going to use AI for video, try to keep going to use AI for video, try to keep going to use AI for video, try to keep your hands out of the frame as much as your hands out of the frame as much as your hands out of the frame as much as you can. Um or if you're trying to prove you can. Um or if you're trying to prove you can. Um or if you're trying to prove that it is you and it's not AI, you can, that it is you and it's not AI, you can, that it is you and it's not AI, you can, you know, put your hands up, whatever. you know, put your hands up, whatever. you know, put your hands up, whatever. Uh Uh Uh but video scripts or, you know, but video scripts or, you know, but video scripts or, you know, absolutely creating video content for absolutely creating video content for absolutely creating video content for you is very valuable. And the cool thing you is very valuable. And the cool thing you is very valuable. And the cool thing is you could upload your one listing and is you could upload your one listing and is you could upload your one listing and it will generate five or six different it will generate five or six different it will generate five or six different pieces of content for you to be able to pieces of content for you to be able to pieces of content for you to be able to share out of that one listing. So, you share out of that one listing. So, you share out of that one listing. So, you get a lot of bang for the buck in trying get a lot of bang for the buck in trying get a lot of bang for the buck in trying to get get this stuff done by using AI to get get this stuff done by using AI to get get this stuff done by using AI as your partner to go through these. Uh as your partner to go through these. Uh as your partner to go through these. Uh your social media posts, same thing. You your social media posts, same thing. You your social media posts, same thing. You can go through and create it. Um can go through and create it. Um can go through and create it. Um and your chat GPT will actually work and your chat GPT will actually work and your chat GPT will actually work where you could tell it in Canva, "Hey, where you could tell it in Canva, "Hey, where you could tell it in Canva, "Hey, I want to create something in Canva. Can I want to create something in Canva. Can I want to create something in Canva. Can you give me the content that I can you give me the content that I can you give me the content that I can upload there and then also give me the upload there and then also give me the upload there and then also give me the instructions on how to upload it or how instructions on how to upload it or how instructions on how to upload it or how to whatever or put it in the format that to whatever or put it in the format that to whatever or put it in the format that works best with it." And it'll actually works best with it." And it'll actually works best with it." And it'll actually generate all of that for you. And then generate all of that for you. And then generate all of that for you. And then you can put it right into Canva, you can you can put it right into Canva, you can you can put it right into Canva, you can edit it, you can do what you want. Uh edit it, you can do what you want. Uh edit it, you can do what you want. Uh once we get Lofty in July, we'll once we get Lofty in July, we'll once we get Lofty in July, we'll actually have Canva Pro. So, you'll be actually have Canva Pro. So, you'll be actually have Canva Pro. So, you'll be able to utilize that for uh social media able to utilize that for uh social media able to utilize that for uh social media posts and all sorts of things. And Lofty posts and all sorts of things. And Lofty posts and all sorts of things. And Lofty has a bunch of stuff built into it as has a bunch of stuff built into it as has a bunch of stuff built into it as well. well. well. But there's just a lot of things like But there's just a lot of things like But there's just a lot of things like this where you're going to get this where you're going to get this where you're going to get consistent marketing. It's going to be consistent marketing. It's going to be consistent marketing. It's going to be in your voice, it's going to be in your in your voice, it's going to be in your in your voice, it's going to be in your tone, it's going to have your face even tone, it's going to have your face even tone, it's going to have your face even if you don't want to put yourself on if you don't want to put yourself on if you don't want to put yourself on camera, uh and it speaks exactly the way camera, uh and it speaks exactly the way camera, uh and it speaks exactly the way you want it to. There we go. There we go. There we go. Uh AI is your research analyst. So, Uh AI is your research analyst. So, Uh AI is your research analyst. So, you're also able to use AI to analyze you're also able to use AI to analyze you're also able to use AI to analyze market trends, research communities, market trends, research communities, market trends, research communities, compare neighborhoods, build relocation compare neighborhoods, build relocation compare neighborhoods, build relocation guides. guides. guides. What's really cool about this, let's say What's really cool about this, let's say What's really cool about this, let's say that you want to focus on that you want to focus on that you want to focus on uh waterfront properties, just as an uh waterfront properties, just as an uh waterfront properties, just as an example. example. example. You can upload data from Florida You can upload data from Florida You can upload data from Florida Realtors, National Association of Realtors, National Association of Realtors, National Association of Realtors, your local board, wherever you Realtors, your local board, wherever you Realtors, your local board, wherever you get data. You can actually upload that get data. You can actually upload that get data. You can actually upload that right into your ChatGPT and tell it right into your ChatGPT and tell it right into your ChatGPT and tell it extract the information to make it only extract the information to make it only extract the information to make it only apply to waterfront properties. apply to waterfront properties. apply to waterfront properties. Then you can show average days on Then you can show average days on Then you can show average days on market, average sales price, um you market, average sales price, um you market, average sales price, um you know, buyer statistics, whatever the know, buyer statistics, whatever the know, buyer statistics, whatever the case may be, you can actually distill case may be, you can actually distill case may be, you can actually distill that information down so that you can that information down so that you can that information down so that you can build customized reports that you can build customized reports that you can build customized reports that you can send to your customers that make you send to your customers that make you send to your customers that make you look like that expert. So, rather than look like that expert. So, rather than look like that expert. So, rather than having to go through page after page having to go through page after page having to go through page after page after page of data to determine what you after page of data to determine what you after page of data to determine what you want to extract, you just upload it all want to extract, you just upload it all want to extract, you just upload it all into ChatGPT and have it distill it down into ChatGPT and have it distill it down into ChatGPT and have it distill it down for you. for you. for you. Uh same thing with like neighborhood Uh same thing with like neighborhood Uh same thing with like neighborhood spotlights. So, maybe you're somebody spotlights. So, maybe you're somebody spotlights. So, maybe you're somebody who sells in Gulf Harbors in New Port who sells in Gulf Harbors in New Port who sells in Gulf Harbors in New Port Richey. Richey. Richey. You can actually go through and talk You can actually go through and talk You can actually go through and talk about some of the best restaurants in about some of the best restaurants in about some of the best restaurants in the area or things to do or community the area or things to do or community the area or things to do or community amenities or whatever the case may be. amenities or whatever the case may be. amenities or whatever the case may be. So, you can leverage AI to help you So, you can leverage AI to help you So, you can leverage AI to help you become the expert in whatever aspect of become the expert in whatever aspect of become the expert in whatever aspect of real estate that you want to focus in. real estate that you want to focus in. real estate that you want to focus in. So, it's giving you very hyper detailed So, it's giving you very hyper detailed So, it's giving you very hyper detailed uh specific content that's going to be uh specific content that's going to be uh specific content that's going to be tailored to your specific audience. tailored to your specific audience. tailored to your specific audience. And this is something that would take And this is something that would take And this is something that would take significant amounts of time to do, significant amounts of time to do, significant amounts of time to do, but now you're able to use it with AI but now you're able to use it with AI but now you're able to use it with AI and be much faster. and be much faster. and be much faster. Transaction support. This is something Transaction support. This is something Transaction support. This is something else that's really cool. You can upload else that's really cool. You can upload else that's really cool. You can upload the contract. And you can say, create a the contract. And you can say, create a the contract. And you can say, create a one-page document that outlines all of one-page document that outlines all of one-page document that outlines all of the details. It tells the buyer how much the details. It tells the buyer how much the details. It tells the buyer how much their escrow deposit is, where it needs their escrow deposit is, where it needs their escrow deposit is, where it needs to be sent, and the deadlines that exist to be sent, and the deadlines that exist to be sent, and the deadlines that exist in this contract. Now, my one word of in this contract. Now, my one word of in this contract. Now, my one word of warning here is there's warning here is there's warning here is there's a section of the contract that says all a section of the contract that says all a section of the contract that says all um um um all contingencies are measured in cal- all contingencies are measured in cal- all contingencies are measured in cal- Excuse me, sorry. Calendar days. Excuse me, sorry. Calendar days. Excuse me, sorry. Calendar days. And if that ends on a weekend or a And if that ends on a weekend or a And if that ends on a weekend or a holiday, then it automatically carries holiday, then it automatically carries holiday, then it automatically carries over to the next business day. Sometimes over to the next business day. Sometimes over to the next business day. Sometimes AI will miss that. So, it's always a AI will miss that. So, it's always a AI will miss that. So, it's always a good idea to double-check what it gives good idea to double-check what it gives good idea to double-check what it gives you, you, you, uh and just make sure that those things uh and just make sure that those things uh and just make sure that those things line up. But, if it does make a mistake, line up. But, if it does make a mistake, line up. But, if it does make a mistake, go in and say, "Hey, per line 143 of the go in and say, "Hey, per line 143 of the go in and say, "Hey, per line 143 of the contract, it says that all contract, it says that all contract, it says that all contingencies, if they end on a weekend contingencies, if they end on a weekend contingencies, if they end on a weekend or a holiday, carry over to the next or a holiday, carry over to the next or a holiday, carry over to the next business day." So, in the future, pay business day." So, in the future, pay business day." So, in the future, pay attention to that and make sure that you attention to that and make sure that you attention to that and make sure that you account for it. Um your AI is designed account for it. Um your AI is designed account for it. Um your AI is designed to learn. So, if there's something that to learn. So, if there's something that to learn. So, if there's something that it doesn't do correctly, call it out and it doesn't do correctly, call it out and it doesn't do correctly, call it out and let it know, "Hey, you made this let it know, "Hey, you made this let it know, "Hey, you made this mistake." And it will actually do better mistake." And it will actually do better mistake." And it will actually do better in the future. in the future. in the future. Bear in mind, AI is not an attorney. So, Bear in mind, AI is not an attorney. So, Bear in mind, AI is not an attorney. So, you need to make sure that you verify you need to make sure that you verify you need to make sure that you verify everything that it gives you. Uh you can everything that it gives you. Uh you can everything that it gives you. Uh you can also set parameters to help minimize also set parameters to help minimize also set parameters to help minimize those mistakes, and we're going to talk those mistakes, and we're going to talk those mistakes, and we're going to talk about that here in just a minute as about that here in just a minute as about that here in just a minute as well. Using AI as your business coach. Now, Using AI as your business coach. Now, Using AI as your business coach. Now, this is probably one of the least used this is probably one of the least used this is probably one of the least used functions of Chat GPT that I think is a functions of Chat GPT that I think is a functions of Chat GPT that I think is a huge opportunity. huge opportunity. huge opportunity. So, 99% of us hate role-play because So, 99% of us hate role-play because So, 99% of us hate role-play because there's always been an element of there's always been an element of there's always been an element of judgment involved that like, "I'm going judgment involved that like, "I'm going judgment involved that like, "I'm going to do this and I'm going to be working to do this and I'm going to be working to do this and I'm going to be working with another agent, and even though with another agent, and even though with another agent, and even though we're trying not to judge each other, we're trying not to judge each other, we're trying not to judge each other, we're still judging each other. we're still judging each other. we're still judging each other. Well, now you have something built in Well, now you have something built in Well, now you have something built in where you can actually go through your where you can actually go through your where you can actually go through your listing presentation, buyer listing presentation, buyer listing presentation, buyer consultation, objection handling. You consultation, objection handling. You consultation, objection handling. You can use chat GPT as your coach, as your can use chat GPT as your coach, as your can use chat GPT as your coach, as your partner to be able to run through these partner to be able to run through these partner to be able to run through these scenarios. So, this is a prompt that you scenarios. So, this is a prompt that you scenarios. So, this is a prompt that you might use. Act as a skeptical seller and might use. Act as a skeptical seller and might use. Act as a skeptical seller and challenge me on commission, marketing, challenge me on commission, marketing, challenge me on commission, marketing, and pricing. and pricing. and pricing. You can put a specific property in You can put a specific property in You can put a specific property in there. You can say, you know, I'm going there. You can say, you know, I'm going there. You can say, you know, I'm going to suggest that we list this house for to suggest that we list this house for to suggest that we list this house for 465, 465, 465, but I have a feeling the seller is going but I have a feeling the seller is going but I have a feeling the seller is going to want 499. to want 499. to want 499. So, what I want you to do is act as a So, what I want you to do is act as a So, what I want you to do is act as a seller who's going to challenge me on my seller who's going to challenge me on my seller who's going to challenge me on my commission. Why should I get 3%, 4%, commission. Why should I get 3%, 4%, commission. Why should I get 3%, 4%, whatever you're charging. Obviously, we whatever you're charging. Obviously, we whatever you're charging. Obviously, we can't I can't give you a specific number can't I can't give you a specific number can't I can't give you a specific number um because that's commission fixing, but um because that's commission fixing, but um because that's commission fixing, but whatever your number is. whatever your number is. whatever your number is. Have them push back on that. Have them push back on that. Have them push back on that. And then what it'll do is it'll give And then what it'll do is it'll give And then what it'll do is it'll give that to you as a pushback, and then you that to you as a pushback, and then you that to you as a pushback, and then you can actually brainstorm with your chat can actually brainstorm with your chat can actually brainstorm with your chat to overcome those objections in a way to overcome those objections in a way to overcome those objections in a way that looks and sounds like you. that looks and sounds like you. that looks and sounds like you. So, by the time you get to that listing So, by the time you get to that listing So, by the time you get to that listing appointment or the buyer consult or appointment or the buyer consult or appointment or the buyer consult or whatever you're doing, whatever you're doing, whatever you're doing, you've already run through this you've already run through this you've already run through this scenario, you already know what the scenario, you already know what the scenario, you already know what the possible objections are going to be, and possible objections are going to be, and possible objections are going to be, and you know how to overcome them. you know how to overcome them. you know how to overcome them. So, this is hugely valuable and So, this is hugely valuable and So, this is hugely valuable and something that not a lot of agents are something that not a lot of agents are something that not a lot of agents are using, but I think they should be. using, but I think they should be. using, but I think they should be. So, we're going to walk through a So, we're going to walk through a So, we're going to walk through a handful of high-impact workflows, and handful of high-impact workflows, and handful of high-impact workflows, and I'm going to show you guys exactly what I'm going to show you guys exactly what I'm going to show you guys exactly what this looks like. this looks like. this looks like. Upload your MLS remarks, your property Upload your MLS remarks, your property Upload your MLS remarks, your property details, your notes. You can generate details, your notes. You can generate details, your notes. You can generate social media posts, video scripts, email social media posts, video scripts, email social media posts, video scripts, email campaigns. You can do open house campaigns. You can do open house campaigns. You can do open house promotions. So, let me back out here, promotions. So, let me back out here, promotions. So, let me back out here, and I'm going to show you exactly what and I'm going to show you exactly what and I'm going to show you exactly what this looks like. this looks like. this looks like. So, I started this on one of my So, I started this on one of my So, I started this on one of my properties, and let me change windows properties, and let me change windows properties, and let me change windows here. That way. That way. That way. All right, All right, All right, let's try that. Okay. Okay. Okay. There we go. Let's do this. Now, you should be able to see the Now, you should be able to see the Now, you should be able to see the screen now. Okay. screen now. Okay. screen now. Okay. So, what I did is I just created this So, what I did is I just created this So, what I did is I just created this prompt that says, "I want your help prompt that says, "I want your help prompt that says, "I want your help writing the public remarks for my new writing the public remarks for my new writing the public remarks for my new listing. I have the photos completed and listing. I have the photos completed and listing. I have the photos completed and the list of upgrades that the seller the list of upgrades that the seller the list of upgrades that the seller wants to include. What's the easiest way wants to include. What's the easiest way wants to include. What's the easiest way for me to upload the photos and is there for me to upload the photos and is there for me to upload the photos and is there a max number to have you help me a max number to have you help me a max number to have you help me identify the best way to market it?" So, identify the best way to market it?" So, identify the best way to market it?" So, it said, "The easiest approach is update it said, "The easiest approach is update it said, "The easiest approach is update all or upload all your photos, upload or all or upload all your photos, upload or all or upload all your photos, upload or paste the seller's improvement list, and paste the seller's improvement list, and paste the seller's improvement list, and if available, give me the address, the if available, give me the address, the if available, give me the address, the square footage, blah blah blah." Says, square footage, blah blah blah." Says, square footage, blah blah blah." Says, "How many can you upload? 15 to 30 of "How many can you upload? 15 to 30 of "How many can you upload? 15 to 30 of the strongest. Uh if you have 50 or the strongest. Uh if you have 50 or the strongest. Uh if you have 50 or more, that's fine, too. I can work more, that's fine, too. I can work more, that's fine, too. I can work through them, but 20 to 30 is kind of through them, but 20 to 30 is kind of through them, but 20 to 30 is kind of the sweet spot." the sweet spot." the sweet spot." "Once you upload it, I can identify the "Once you upload it, I can identify the "Once you upload it, I can identify the marketing story, write your public marketing story, write your public marketing story, write your public remarks, recommend your photo order." remarks, recommend your photo order." remarks, recommend your photo order." So, I said, "Okay, cool. Here's my So, I said, "Okay, cool. Here's my So, I said, "Okay, cool. Here's my Here's my Here's my Here's my information. Here's the property information. Here's the property information. Here's the property address. It's a two-bed, two-bath villa. address. It's a two-bed, two-bath villa. address. It's a two-bed, two-bath villa. Here's what sets it apart. Here are the Here's what sets it apart. Here are the Here's what sets it apart. Here are the things that the seller has done. And things that the seller has done. And things that the seller has done. And then, I'm going to upload the photos." then, I'm going to upload the photos." then, I'm going to upload the photos." So, it said, "Before even seeing the So, it said, "Before even seeing the So, it said, "Before even seeing the photos, I can already tell what the photos, I can already tell what the photos, I can already tell what the marketing angle going to be." And it marketing angle going to be." And it marketing angle going to be." And it gave me base just on that that gave me base just on that that gave me base just on that that description what it is. description what it is. description what it is. Well, I wasn't focused too much on that. Well, I wasn't focused too much on that. Well, I wasn't focused too much on that. I just went ahead and uploaded my I just went ahead and uploaded my I just went ahead and uploaded my photos. photos. photos. And then, it said, "After seeing the And then, it said, "After seeing the And then, it said, "After seeing the photos, I'm going to change my position photos, I'm going to change my position photos, I'm going to change my position slightly. This is not a renovated villa. slightly. This is not a renovated villa. slightly. This is not a renovated villa. This is a designer updated end unit This is a designer updated end unit This is a designer updated end unit villa with exceptional indoor and villa with exceptional indoor and villa with exceptional indoor and outdoor living space." outdoor living space." outdoor living space." Okay, cool. That already sounds really Okay, cool. That already sounds really Okay, cool. That already sounds really good. good. good. Now, it gave me a recommended photo Now, it gave me a recommended photo Now, it gave me a recommended photo order. So, it said, "Based on the photos order. So, it said, "Based on the photos order. So, it said, "Based on the photos that you uploaded, this is the exact that you uploaded, this is the exact that you uploaded, this is the exact order that I would put it in based on order that I would put it in based on order that I would put it in based on what a buyer is going to want to see." what a buyer is going to want to see." what a buyer is going to want to see." Um what I would emphasize in the Um what I would emphasize in the Um what I would emphasize in the marketing. These are the things that are marketing. These are the things that are marketing. These are the things that are going to be in there. So, here's a going to be in there. So, here's a going to be in there. So, here's a draft. draft. draft. Uh welcome to this beautifully updated Uh welcome to this beautifully updated Uh welcome to this beautifully updated end-unit villa. Blah, blah, blah. end-unit villa. Blah, blah, blah. end-unit villa. Blah, blah, blah. And then in the broker remarks, this is And then in the broker remarks, this is And then in the broker remarks, this is in here. I don't actually like this. Um in here. I don't actually like this. Um in here. I don't actually like this. Um I changed this pretty significantly. I changed this pretty significantly. I changed this pretty significantly. But, I left about 90% of the public But, I left about 90% of the public But, I left about 90% of the public draft and put it right in there. I went draft and put it right in there. I went draft and put it right in there. I went through to tweak it to make sure like it through to tweak it to make sure like it through to tweak it to make sure like it doesn't say anything about walking doesn't say anything about walking doesn't say anything about walking distance or anything that would be a distance or anything that would be a distance or anything that would be a fair housing violation. fair housing violation. fair housing violation. Um Um Um And then it said, "If this is a And then it said, "If this is a And then it said, "If this is a 55-and-up community, I would mention 55-and-up community, I would mention 55-and-up community, I would mention that the Florida room is relaxation that the Florida room is relaxation that the Florida room is relaxation zone." And I said, "No, this is not zone." And I said, "No, this is not zone." And I said, "No, this is not age-restricted." So, it said, "Oh, okay. age-restricted." So, it said, "Oh, okay. age-restricted." So, it said, "Oh, okay. Well, that actually strengthens the Well, that actually strengthens the Well, that actually strengthens the marketing. Since it's not marketing. Since it's not marketing. Since it's not age-restricted, I'd move away from the age-restricted, I'd move away from the age-restricted, I'd move away from the active adult angle and focus on flexible active adult angle and focus on flexible active adult angle and focus on flexible living space with turnkey updates." So, living space with turnkey updates." So, living space with turnkey updates." So, it actually revised it actually revised it actually revised my public remarks. my public remarks. my public remarks. And then I said, And then I said, And then I said, "This is the community it's in. The roof "This is the community it's in. The roof "This is the community it's in. The roof is 3 years old. The community has a is 3 years old. The community has a is 3 years old. The community has a pool. Uh they maintain the exterior. It pool. Uh they maintain the exterior. It pool. Uh they maintain the exterior. It was built in '02. And here are the was built in '02. And here are the was built in '02. And here are the public remarks that was used public remarks that was used public remarks that was used previously." previously." previously." So, I just copied and pasted what the So, I just copied and pasted what the So, I just copied and pasted what the previous agent had the last time it was previous agent had the last time it was previous agent had the last time it was sold like 6 or 7 years ago. sold like 6 or 7 years ago. sold like 6 or 7 years ago. So, it said, "The previous remarks were So, it said, "The previous remarks were So, it said, "The previous remarks were actually pretty strong for their time, actually pretty strong for their time, actually pretty strong for their time, but it reads more like a feature list. but it reads more like a feature list. but it reads more like a feature list. Your photos and renovation history Your photos and renovation history Your photos and renovation history support a more polished narrative that support a more polished narrative that support a more polished narrative that creates an emotional appeal." creates an emotional appeal." creates an emotional appeal." So, it now gave me basically the third So, it now gave me basically the third So, it now gave me basically the third version of version of version of what this is. what this is. what this is. Um Um Um And you know, our one strategic thought And you know, our one strategic thought And you know, our one strategic thought from a marketing standpoint is I would from a marketing standpoint is I would from a marketing standpoint is I would seriously consider making the patio seriously consider making the patio seriously consider making the patio garden photo the third image where garden photo the third image where garden photo the third image where buyers are starting to decide whether or buyers are starting to decide whether or buyers are starting to decide whether or not to keep scrolling. So, it's giving not to keep scrolling. So, it's giving not to keep scrolling. So, it's giving me this feedback that it kind of keeps me this feedback that it kind of keeps me this feedback that it kind of keeps updating as I give it more information. updating as I give it more information. updating as I give it more information. Then, I said, "Okay, cool. Here's my Then, I said, "Okay, cool. Here's my Then, I said, "Okay, cool. Here's my front picture. Can you apply a sunset front picture. Can you apply a sunset front picture. Can you apply a sunset sky overlay? I'd like the windows to be sky overlay? I'd like the windows to be sky overlay? I'd like the windows to be illuminated in a warm white glow, as illuminated in a warm white glow, as illuminated in a warm white glow, as well as a coach light in front. Please well as a coach light in front. Please well as a coach light in front. Please don't change anything else about the don't change anything else about the don't change anything else about the home." And that is super important. So, home." And that is super important. So, home." And that is super important. So, I'll go ahead and bring this up. Like I'll go ahead and bring this up. Like I'll go ahead and bring this up. Like this ADT sign is like half broken. this ADT sign is like half broken. this ADT sign is like half broken. There's another one over here. So, I There's another one over here. So, I There's another one over here. So, I want to make sure that it stays exactly, want to make sure that it stays exactly, want to make sure that it stays exactly, because that's where you're going to get because that's where you're going to get because that's where you're going to get into issues is if it starts changing into issues is if it starts changing into issues is if it starts changing things about the home. things about the home. things about the home. So, this is the first image it gave me. So, this is the first image it gave me. So, this is the first image it gave me. And, you know, this is a pretty good And, you know, this is a pretty good And, you know, this is a pretty good one. It eliminated the coach light. I one. It eliminated the coach light. I one. It eliminated the coach light. I still have the half of the ADT. It still have the half of the ADT. It still have the half of the ADT. It didn't change the didn't change the didn't change the the property address. It didn't do the property address. It didn't do the property address. It didn't do anything else, which is exactly what I anything else, which is exactly what I anything else, which is exactly what I wanted it to do. wanted it to do. wanted it to do. But, I said, "The windows are too But, I said, "The windows are too But, I said, "The windows are too bright. Can you reduce the glow by bright. Can you reduce the glow by bright. Can you reduce the glow by approximately 30% so that it looks more approximately 30% so that it looks more approximately 30% so that it looks more natural?" So, then it gave me this, natural?" So, then it gave me this, natural?" So, then it gave me this, which if you compare that to this, it's which if you compare that to this, it's which if you compare that to this, it's definitely definitely definitely much more natural-looking here. much more natural-looking here. much more natural-looking here. So, okay, cool. But, what it did, and I So, okay, cool. But, what it did, and I So, okay, cool. But, what it did, and I don't know if you guys can see it, but don't know if you guys can see it, but don't know if you guys can see it, but the coach light is actually like, oops, the coach light is actually like, oops, the coach light is actually like, oops, up here above this semicircle above the up here above this semicircle above the up here above this semicircle above the window, but where the wind chimes were, window, but where the wind chimes were, window, but where the wind chimes were, it thought that was a coach light. it thought that was a coach light. it thought that was a coach light. So, it illuminated that. And I said, "By So, it illuminated that. And I said, "By So, it illuminated that. And I said, "By the front door, the light is actually the front door, the light is actually the front door, the light is actually hung in front of the semicircle. There's hung in front of the semicircle. There's hung in front of the semicircle. There's no light between the door and the no light between the door and the no light between the door and the window. Could you change that light window. Could you change that light window. Could you change that light source?" source?" source?" So, then it gave me the coach light So, then it gave me the coach light So, then it gave me the coach light above there, but it removed the one from above there, but it removed the one from above there, but it removed the one from the garage. And I'm like, "Okay. Here the garage. And I'm like, "Okay. Here the garage. And I'm like, "Okay. Here are the two lights. There's one by the are the two lights. There's one by the are the two lights. There's one by the garage, one above the door. Uh please garage, one above the door. Uh please garage, one above the door. Uh please recreate the photo with these recreate the photo with these recreate the photo with these illuminated lights at the same strength illuminated lights at the same strength illuminated lights at the same strength as you applied to the windows." as you applied to the windows." as you applied to the windows." So, then it gave me this. It put the So, then it gave me this. It put the So, then it gave me this. It put the right light. It put the coach light, but right light. It put the coach light, but right light. It put the coach light, but then it added a phantom one on the then it added a phantom one on the then it added a phantom one on the right-hand side of the garage door. right-hand side of the garage door. right-hand side of the garage door. So, I went back and I said, "This is So, I went back and I said, "This is So, I went back and I said, "This is great, except now you've added an great, except now you've added an great, except now you've added an additional light on the right-hand side additional light on the right-hand side additional light on the right-hand side of the garage door where no light of the garage door where no light of the garage door where no light exists. Please remove the extra light, exists. Please remove the extra light, exists. Please remove the extra light, but keep everything else the same." but keep everything else the same." but keep everything else the same." Well, it regenerated it, and it made the Well, it regenerated it, and it made the Well, it regenerated it, and it made the lights softer, but it still kept the the lights softer, but it still kept the the lights softer, but it still kept the the fake light. And I said, "You reduced the fake light. And I said, "You reduced the fake light. And I said, "You reduced the brightness, but you didn't actually brightness, but you didn't actually brightness, but you didn't actually remove the light that you added. Please remove the light that you added. Please remove the light that you added. Please simply remove the light that you simply remove the light that you simply remove the light that you imagined from the right-hand side of the imagined from the right-hand side of the imagined from the right-hand side of the garage door." And then it generated this garage door." And then it generated this garage door." And then it generated this picture, and it's picture, and it's picture, and it's beautiful. The light's exactly right. beautiful. The light's exactly right. beautiful. The light's exactly right. That's there. The illumination on the That's there. The illumination on the That's there. The illumination on the the windows that kind of gets darker as the windows that kind of gets darker as the windows that kind of gets darker as it goes across. Everything else looks it goes across. Everything else looks it goes across. Everything else looks great. But I use this as an example to great. But I use this as an example to great. But I use this as an example to show you that it doesn't always get it show you that it doesn't always get it show you that it doesn't always get it exactly right, and you really have to exactly right, and you really have to exactly right, and you really have to pay attention pay attention pay attention to what it's giving you, because if you to what it's giving you, because if you to what it's giving you, because if you hadn't been paying attention and you hadn't been paying attention and you hadn't been paying attention and you missed that it added a coach light, or missed that it added a coach light, or missed that it added a coach light, or that it was illuminating the chimes that it was illuminating the chimes that it was illuminating the chimes instead of the light above the window, instead of the light above the window, instead of the light above the window, that could be a material that could be a material that could be a material misrepresentation of the property, and misrepresentation of the property, and misrepresentation of the property, and that could get you in trouble. So, you that could get you in trouble. So, you that could get you in trouble. So, you have to pay attention to the details. have to pay attention to the details. have to pay attention to the details. But as it's going through here, like you But as it's going through here, like you But as it's going through here, like you notice the ADT sign is still cracked. It notice the ADT sign is still cracked. It notice the ADT sign is still cracked. It didn't mess with that. It looks like it didn't mess with that. It looks like it didn't mess with that. It looks like it may have messed up the lettering a may have messed up the lettering a may have messed up the lettering a little bit, but not so much that anybody little bit, but not so much that anybody little bit, but not so much that anybody would notice. would notice. would notice. Um Um Um didn't change the numbers, didn't change didn't change the numbers, didn't change didn't change the numbers, didn't change anything about the front of the house. anything about the front of the house. anything about the front of the house. So, this is still an accurate So, this is still an accurate So, this is still an accurate representation of the property, representation of the property, representation of the property, so that we're not going to get in so that we're not going to get in so that we're not going to get in trouble. trouble. trouble. Then, you know, I came back to the same Then, you know, I came back to the same Then, you know, I came back to the same thread, because it's got all the data thread, because it's got all the data thread, because it's got all the data about this property now that I've been about this property now that I've been about this property now that I've been working through. So, I said, "Cool. working through. So, I said, "Cool. working through. So, I said, "Cool. Based on the data sales around this Based on the data sales around this Based on the data sales around this property, what sales price would you property, what sales price would you property, what sales price would you suggest, given that the property has a suggest, given that the property has a suggest, given that the property has a number of features not found in others?" number of features not found in others?" number of features not found in others?" I had already gone live with the listing I had already gone live with the listing I had already gone live with the listing at this point. I was basically doing at this point. I was basically doing at this point. I was basically doing this for your suggestion. I mean, for this for your suggestion. I mean, for this for your suggestion. I mean, for your like so I could show you how this your like so I could show you how this your like so I could show you how this works. works. works. Um and it says the last sale of your Um and it says the last sale of your Um and it says the last sale of your property was approximately 298,000. property was approximately 298,000. property was approximately 298,000. Well, that's actually what we have it Well, that's actually what we have it Well, that's actually what we have it listed for now. That's not the price the listed for now. That's not the price the listed for now. That's not the price the last sale, that's the current sales last sale, that's the current sales last sale, that's the current sales price. price. price. But it didn't know that I had put it on But it didn't know that I had put it on But it didn't know that I had put it on the market, so it thought the data that the market, so it thought the data that the market, so it thought the data that was out there was the most recent. was out there was the most recent. was out there was the most recent. Or, you know, it was prior to this. Or, you know, it was prior to this. Or, you know, it was prior to this. Um so, it gave me some numbers and it Um so, it gave me some numbers and it Um so, it gave me some numbers and it suggested 3149. suggested 3149. suggested 3149. So, I said ignore the 298 price. This is So, I said ignore the 298 price. This is So, I said ignore the 298 price. This is what we just listed it for. So, for the what we just listed it for. So, for the what we just listed it for. So, for the purposes of this exercise, let's ignore purposes of this exercise, let's ignore purposes of this exercise, let's ignore that data point and recalculate. that data point and recalculate. that data point and recalculate. And it says, "Okay, so we remove the And it says, "Okay, so we remove the And it says, "Okay, so we remove the current 298 listing." My opinion becomes current 298 listing." My opinion becomes current 298 listing." My opinion becomes more bullish. more bullish. more bullish. Um you know, and it kind of gives me all Um you know, and it kind of gives me all Um you know, and it kind of gives me all of these things. Let's do this way. of these things. Let's do this way. of these things. Let's do this way. Okay. Okay. Okay. Um Um Um Sorry about that, technical Sorry about that, technical Sorry about that, technical difficulties. So, what stands out? The difficulties. So, what stands out? The difficulties. So, what stands out? The photos show exceptional condition, photos show exceptional condition, photos show exceptional condition, designer-level decorating, all these designer-level decorating, all these designer-level decorating, all these things. And it says, "If I had never things. And it says, "If I had never things. And it says, "If I had never seen the 298 number, I would say for a seen the 298 number, I would say for a seen the 298 number, I would say for a quick sale I'm at 2949. Market value is quick sale I'm at 2949. Market value is quick sale I'm at 2949. Market value is 309, and aggressive would be 324 to 309, and aggressive would be 324 to 309, and aggressive would be 324 to 329." Now, I had already done my comps, 329." Now, I had already done my comps, 329." Now, I had already done my comps, and realistically I think this is like a and realistically I think this is like a and realistically I think this is like a 275 to 280 villa. Um the owner wanted 275 to 280 villa. Um the owner wanted 275 to 280 villa. Um the owner wanted 298 because they've done so much, 298 because they've done so much, 298 because they've done so much, they've got so many features that don't they've got so many features that don't they've got so many features that don't exist in other properties. exist in other properties. exist in other properties. Um so, given that, I think it's 319. And Um so, given that, I think it's 319. And Um so, given that, I think it's 319. And I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, "Okay, this doesn't make a lot of sense "Okay, this doesn't make a lot of sense "Okay, this doesn't make a lot of sense cuz I know that this doesn't This isn't cuz I know that this doesn't This isn't cuz I know that this doesn't This isn't the right number." So, I said, "What the right number." So, I said, "What the right number." So, I said, "What other sold properties in the area are other sold properties in the area are other sold properties in the area are you seeing that justify that sales you seeing that justify that sales you seeing that justify that sales price?" price?" price?" So, it goes through and it shows this So, it goes through and it shows this So, it goes through and it shows this one in Villa del Rio, del Rio, del Rio. one in Villa del Rio, del Rio, del Rio. one in Villa del Rio, del Rio, del Rio. And so, on those it's 205 to 265, which And so, on those it's 205 to 265, which And so, on those it's 205 to 265, which puts me more in line with what I puts me more in line with what I puts me more in line with what I expected. But then we see that it expected. But then we see that it expected. But then we see that it grabbed Heritage Lake. grabbed Heritage Lake. grabbed Heritage Lake. And I was like, "Oh, okay. So, you're And I was like, "Oh, okay. So, you're And I was like, "Oh, okay. So, you're grabbing properties that are in another grabbing properties that are in another grabbing properties that are in another community, and we don't want to do community, and we don't want to do community, and we don't want to do that." that." that." So, So, So, we go through and change that. we go through and change that. we go through and change that. And I didn't play with it cuz I'd And I didn't play with it cuz I'd And I didn't play with it cuz I'd already had it listing, but if I had, I already had it listing, but if I had, I already had it listing, but if I had, I would have said, "Please ignore Heritage would have said, "Please ignore Heritage would have said, "Please ignore Heritage Lake because those are not true Lake because those are not true Lake because those are not true comparables for uh appraisal purposes comparables for uh appraisal purposes comparables for uh appraisal purposes and then it said 298 is a defensible and then it said 298 is a defensible and then it said 298 is a defensible a defensible sales price. a defensible sales price. a defensible sales price. So, that's cool. That kind of shows you So, that's cool. That kind of shows you So, that's cool. That kind of shows you but if I had not listed it, I would have but if I had not listed it, I would have but if I had not listed it, I would have pushed this a little bit farther. Again, pushed this a little bit farther. Again, pushed this a little bit farther. Again, this is not perfect so I would not only this is not perfect so I would not only this is not perfect so I would not only use chat GPT but I would get I would use use chat GPT but I would get I would use use chat GPT but I would get I would use it as a second opinion to see I've done it as a second opinion to see I've done it as a second opinion to see I've done my CMA I've run my comps I came up with my CMA I've run my comps I came up with my CMA I've run my comps I came up with this number what did chat GPT come up this number what did chat GPT come up this number what did chat GPT come up with and usually it's pretty on the on with and usually it's pretty on the on with and usually it's pretty on the on the nose. It comes in pretty close. the nose. It comes in pretty close. the nose. It comes in pretty close. So, if it's priced correctly at 298, I So, if it's priced correctly at 298, I So, if it's priced correctly at 298, I would expect a 15 to 45 days to secure a would expect a 15 to 45 days to secure a would expect a 15 to 45 days to secure a contract. contract. contract. In that scenario 60 to 90 days if we're In that scenario 60 to 90 days if we're In that scenario 60 to 90 days if we're not seeing market on it but I think not seeing market on it but I think not seeing market on it but I think we're going to be in contract in 20 to we're going to be in contract in 20 to we're going to be in contract in 20 to 40 days. 40 days. 40 days. So, my forecast is 30 days to contract. So, my forecast is 30 days to contract. So, my forecast is 30 days to contract. Okay, cool. Okay, cool. Okay, cool. That gives me a pretty good idea of what That gives me a pretty good idea of what That gives me a pretty good idea of what to expect. to expect. to expect. And I think based on my assessment I And I think based on my assessment I And I think based on my assessment I think that's actually pretty accurate. I think that's actually pretty accurate. I think that's actually pretty accurate. I think think think that's about what it's going to take. that's about what it's going to take. that's about what it's going to take. Let me see if I can switch back to my Let me see if I can switch back to my Let me see if I can switch back to my presentation here. Okay, I'll just stay presentation here. Okay, I'll just stay presentation here. Okay, I'll just stay on the screen cuz it's not as vital. on the screen cuz it's not as vital. on the screen cuz it's not as vital. High impact too. High impact too. High impact too. Client communication assistant Client communication assistant Client communication assistant inspection negotiation price reductions inspection negotiation price reductions inspection negotiation price reductions convers- conversations. This is what we convers- conversations. This is what we convers- conversations. This is what we talked about. So, you can actually do it talked about. So, you can actually do it talked about. So, you can actually do it where you upload your inspection report where you upload your inspection report where you upload your inspection report and have it kind of work through like and have it kind of work through like and have it kind of work through like what are the items that you think would what are the items that you think would what are the items that you think would need to be adjusted? Or would need to be need to be adjusted? Or would need to be need to be adjusted? Or would need to be addressed rather in a repair addendum addressed rather in a repair addendum addressed rather in a repair addendum and it'll kind of go through that. And and it'll kind of go through that. And and it'll kind of go through that. And then what I also have it do is give me a then what I also have it do is give me a then what I also have it do is give me a ballpark estimate of what the repair ballpark estimate of what the repair ballpark estimate of what the repair should cost using contractor data for should cost using contractor data for should cost using contractor data for Tampa Bay, Florida in 2026. Tampa Bay, Florida in 2026. Tampa Bay, Florida in 2026. And it can actually go through and give And it can actually go through and give And it can actually go through and give estimates. Now, it's not perfect estimates. Now, it's not perfect estimates. Now, it's not perfect um because when I uploaded an inspection um because when I uploaded an inspection um because when I uploaded an inspection report, it picked out a couple of things report, it picked out a couple of things report, it picked out a couple of things that I wouldn't have called a big deal. that I wouldn't have called a big deal. that I wouldn't have called a big deal. Like one of them, it said there was a a Like one of them, it said there was a a Like one of them, it said there was a a reverse polarity on one of the outlets, reverse polarity on one of the outlets, reverse polarity on one of the outlets, which we see all the time. Um and it which we see all the time. Um and it which we see all the time. Um and it estimated like $250 to $400 to replace estimated like $250 to $400 to replace estimated like $250 to $400 to replace it. When in reality, it's something that it. When in reality, it's something that it. When in reality, it's something that the seller could do. Literally, all they the seller could do. Literally, all they the seller could do. Literally, all they have to do is unscrew it, unscrew the have to do is unscrew it, unscrew the have to do is unscrew it, unscrew the wire from one side, move it to the wire from one side, move it to the wire from one side, move it to the other, screw it back, and put it back. other, screw it back, and put it back. other, screw it back, and put it back. So, I called ChatGPT out and I said, So, I called ChatGPT out and I said, So, I called ChatGPT out and I said, "Hey, you had said this was a $250 to "Hey, you had said this was a $250 to "Hey, you had said this was a $250 to $400 repair, but in reality, we know $400 repair, but in reality, we know $400 repair, but in reality, we know that it's something even the homeowner that it's something even the homeowner that it's something even the homeowner could do or at worst, an electrician could do or at worst, an electrician could do or at worst, an electrician might charge like 25 bucks plus a trip might charge like 25 bucks plus a trip might charge like 25 bucks plus a trip fee." fee." fee." And it came back and it was like, "Oh, And it came back and it was like, "Oh, And it came back and it was like, "Oh, you're absolutely right. I, you know, you're absolutely right. I, you know, you're absolutely right. I, you know, misinterpreted whatever." misinterpreted whatever." misinterpreted whatever." One of the other things about this is One of the other things about this is One of the other things about this is you need to make sure that your ChatGPT you need to make sure that your ChatGPT you need to make sure that your ChatGPT does not hallucinate data. So, I'm does not hallucinate data. So, I'm does not hallucinate data. So, I'm always very clear, and I actually have always very clear, and I actually have always very clear, and I actually have this in my instructions to my ChatGPT as this in my instructions to my ChatGPT as this in my instructions to my ChatGPT as one of my rules, one of my rules, one of my rules, but I tell it, "Do not hallucinate. Give but I tell it, "Do not hallucinate. Give but I tell it, "Do not hallucinate. Give me the citations for everything that you me the citations for everything that you me the citations for everything that you cite, cite, cite, and do not put data here that does not and do not put data here that does not and do not put data here that does not exist. So, it needs to be verifiable." exist. So, it needs to be verifiable." exist. So, it needs to be verifiable." So, as it's going through, it may seem So, as it's going through, it may seem So, as it's going through, it may seem like the inspector had called out two or like the inspector had called out two or like the inspector had called out two or three things about electrical, so it may three things about electrical, so it may three things about electrical, so it may make an assumption about the electrical make an assumption about the electrical make an assumption about the electrical system in general. system in general. system in general. And what I always tell it is, "Do not And what I always tell it is, "Do not And what I always tell it is, "Do not make any assumptions. If you have a make any assumptions. If you have a make any assumptions. If you have a question, ask me for clarification, question, ask me for clarification, question, ask me for clarification, but do not just assume and do not um but do not just assume and do not um but do not just assume and do not um make up data, basically." So, you can make up data, basically." So, you can make up data, basically." So, you can set that expectation to help it be more set that expectation to help it be more set that expectation to help it be more accurate. accurate. accurate. Number three, become the market expert. Number three, become the market expert. Number three, become the market expert. So, we kind of talked about this a few So, we kind of talked about this a few So, we kind of talked about this a few minutes ago, where you can actually go minutes ago, where you can actually go minutes ago, where you can actually go in and in and in and create very specific market data or create very specific market data or create very specific market data or local housing reports, community local housing reports, community local housing reports, community spotlights. All of that can be done spotlights. All of that can be done spotlights. All of that can be done through AI with very minimal input from through AI with very minimal input from through AI with very minimal input from you. you. you. Uh number four would be open house Uh number four would be open house Uh number four would be open house follow-up. So, this is really cool. Uh follow-up. So, this is really cool. Uh follow-up. So, this is really cool. Uh one of the people that I followed had one of the people that I followed had one of the people that I followed had shown that he went to a trade expo, uh shown that he went to a trade expo, uh shown that he went to a trade expo, uh like a realtor conference or whatever. like a realtor conference or whatever. like a realtor conference or whatever. And he just took a picture of all of the And he just took a picture of all of the And he just took a picture of all of the business cards that he received. business cards that he received. business cards that he received. And he uploaded the photos into chat GPT And he uploaded the photos into chat GPT And he uploaded the photos into chat GPT and said, "I want you to create a CSV and said, "I want you to create a CSV and said, "I want you to create a CSV file for me that extracts the name, the file for me that extracts the name, the file for me that extracts the name, the company name, the phone number, the company name, the phone number, the company name, the phone number, the email address, and the business address email address, and the business address email address, and the business address if present. And put this all into an if present. And put this all into an if present. And put this all into an Excel Excel form for me." Excel Excel form for me." Excel Excel form for me." And he said he had like 70 or 80 And he said he had like 70 or 80 And he said he had like 70 or 80 business cards. He just literally laid business cards. He just literally laid business cards. He just literally laid them out on his desk, took pictures of, them out on his desk, took pictures of, them out on his desk, took pictures of, you know, groups of 10 or 12 or whatever you know, groups of 10 or 12 or whatever you know, groups of 10 or 12 or whatever so you could read the data. so you could read the data. so you could read the data. And then uploaded it into chat GPT and And then uploaded it into chat GPT and And then uploaded it into chat GPT and within 5 minutes it had created an within 5 minutes it had created an within 5 minutes it had created an entire CSV file for him of all of that entire CSV file for him of all of that entire CSV file for him of all of that information. information. information. All it was was photos. All it was was photos. All it was was photos. So, there's a lot of things that you can So, there's a lot of things that you can So, there's a lot of things that you can do do do in open house follow-up. You can upload in open house follow-up. You can upload in open house follow-up. You can upload your MLS sign-in sheet. And, you know, your MLS sign-in sheet. And, you know, your MLS sign-in sheet. And, you know, you can go through and say, "Create you can go through and say, "Create you can go through and say, "Create customized follow-up for prospective customized follow-up for prospective customized follow-up for prospective buyers, for any investors who may have buyers, for any investors who may have buyers, for any investors who may have come through, for any neighbors who may, come through, for any neighbors who may, come through, for any neighbors who may, you know, nosy neighbors show up to open you know, nosy neighbors show up to open you know, nosy neighbors show up to open houses, um or for future sellers." So, houses, um or for future sellers." So, houses, um or for future sellers." So, you can actually go through and have it you can actually go through and have it you can actually go through and have it create customized follow-up for each of create customized follow-up for each of create customized follow-up for each of those types of customers who may have those types of customers who may have those types of customers who may have come through your open house. come through your open house. come through your open house. Uh consistent follow-up is going to Uh consistent follow-up is going to Uh consistent follow-up is going to create opportunities that competitors create opportunities that competitors create opportunities that competitors often miss. often miss. often miss. So, think about ways that you can use So, think about ways that you can use So, think about ways that you can use your chat GPT to make your life more your chat GPT to make your life more your chat GPT to make your life more efficient. Uh and we talked about being efficient. Uh and we talked about being efficient. Uh and we talked about being your personal AI coach where you can your personal AI coach where you can your personal AI coach where you can practice difficult conversations, practice difficult conversations, practice difficult conversations, identify weaknesses, and prepare. So, identify weaknesses, and prepare. So, identify weaknesses, and prepare. So, I'm going to show you something else I'm going to show you something else I'm going to show you something else that ChatGPT can do. that ChatGPT can do. that ChatGPT can do. Let me go back over here. Let me go back over here. Let me go back over here. And this one. Okay. And this one. Okay. And this one. Okay. Um, actually, you know what? Um, actually, you know what? Um, actually, you know what? Get this for 1 second. I'll get back to Get this for 1 second. I'll get back to Get this for 1 second. I'll get back to that. Um, here's a couple of examples of that. Um, here's a couple of examples of that. Um, here's a couple of examples of prompts. And I've got a bunch more that prompts. And I've got a bunch more that prompts. And I've got a bunch more that I can share with you guys, too. I can share with you guys, too. I can share with you guys, too. But, you are a luxury real estate But, you are a luxury real estate But, you are a luxury real estate marketing specialist. Create a marketing specialist. Create a marketing specialist. Create a compelling listing description for a compelling listing description for a compelling listing description for a waterfront property in Clearwater. I waterfront property in Clearwater. I waterfront property in Clearwater. I want you to target affluent maca move-up want you to target affluent maca move-up want you to target affluent maca move-up buyers. Emphasize the lifestyle benefits buyers. Emphasize the lifestyle benefits buyers. Emphasize the lifestyle benefits and create excitement while remaining and create excitement while remaining and create excitement while remaining compliant with fair housing guidelines. compliant with fair housing guidelines. compliant with fair housing guidelines. And then you add property-specific data. And then you add property-specific data. And then you add property-specific data. You know, the property is 1 to 3 Main You know, the property is 1 to 3 Main You know, the property is 1 to 3 Main Street, Street, Street, um, blah blah blah. It has this many um, blah blah blah. It has this many um, blah blah blah. It has this many bedrooms, this many bathrooms, this bedrooms, this many bathrooms, this bedrooms, this many bathrooms, this square footage, you know, whatever. You square footage, you know, whatever. You square footage, you know, whatever. You can plug that in and it'll actually give can plug that in and it'll actually give can plug that in and it'll actually give you you you marketing that you can do for it. marketing that you can do for it. marketing that you can do for it. Now, one of the things that I did was I Now, one of the things that I did was I Now, one of the things that I did was I just went into Gemini and ChatGPT. So, just went into Gemini and ChatGPT. So, just went into Gemini and ChatGPT. So, if you have a paid version of Gmail, if you have a paid version of Gmail, if you have a paid version of Gmail, like you have your Gmail or Google One like you have your Gmail or Google One like you have your Gmail or Google One or whatever it is that you pay like 100 or whatever it is that you pay like 100 or whatever it is that you pay like 100 bucks a year for, bucks a year for, bucks a year for, um, you actually have access to Gemini, um, you actually have access to Gemini, um, you actually have access to Gemini, the paid version of Gemini. the paid version of Gemini. the paid version of Gemini. So, if you don't have So, if you don't have So, if you don't have that, if you're just using like free that, if you're just using like free that, if you're just using like free Gmail and stuff like that, I would Gmail and stuff like that, I would Gmail and stuff like that, I would encourage you to pay for Gemini if encourage you to pay for Gemini if encourage you to pay for Gemini if you're going to use it. But, um, because you're going to use it. But, um, because you're going to use it. But, um, because I pay for Google One or whatever, I have I pay for Google One or whatever, I have I pay for Google One or whatever, I have the paid version. So, I just did this. the paid version. So, I just did this. the paid version. So, I just did this. Using nothing but this prompt. Create a Using nothing but this prompt. Create a Using nothing but this prompt. Create a waterfront property with a private pool waterfront property with a private pool waterfront property with a private pool oasis in Clearwater, Florida. oasis in Clearwater, Florida. oasis in Clearwater, Florida. On the left-hand side is what Gemini On the left-hand side is what Gemini On the left-hand side is what Gemini created. On the right-hand side is created. On the right-hand side is created. On the right-hand side is ChatGPT. ChatGPT. ChatGPT. Like, this legitimately looks like a Like, this legitimately looks like a Like, this legitimately looks like a home that might exist in Clearwater home that might exist in Clearwater home that might exist in Clearwater Beach or you know, Clearwater proper. Beach or you know, Clearwater proper. Beach or you know, Clearwater proper. Um Um Um it's beautiful. Like you've even got it's beautiful. Like you've even got it's beautiful. Like you've even got some recognizable, it looks like some recognizable, it looks like some recognizable, it looks like Sandpearl and the Hilton in the Sandpearl and the Hilton in the Sandpearl and the Hilton in the background. Like some recognizable background. Like some recognizable background. Like some recognizable landmarks that people would look at it landmarks that people would look at it landmarks that people would look at it and go, "Oh." and go, "Oh." and go, "Oh." But this is just a stock image. So you But this is just a stock image. So you But this is just a stock image. So you would use this as like a background or would use this as like a background or would use this as like a background or something. You're obviously not something. You're obviously not something. You're obviously not advertising this as a real property. advertising this as a real property. advertising this as a real property. But But But this is just something you can use to this is just something you can use to this is just something you can use to generate generate generate uh stock images, basically. uh stock images, basically. uh stock images, basically. I also went through and just said, I also went through and just said, I also went through and just said, There we go. Create a 4th of July There we go. Create a 4th of July There we go. Create a 4th of July marketing piece that I can share to marketing piece that I can share to marketing piece that I can share to social media using the following social media using the following social media using the following headshot. And I just uploaded my headshot. And I just uploaded my headshot. And I just uploaded my headshot. headshot. headshot. On the left is the Gemini. For some On the left is the Gemini. For some On the left is the Gemini. For some reason it extended my face a little bit. reason it extended my face a little bit. reason it extended my face a little bit. Like it kind of stretched my face out. Like it kind of stretched my face out. Like it kind of stretched my face out. Um the one on the right didn't. I Um the one on the right didn't. I Um the one on the right didn't. I actually like the editing on this one a actually like the editing on this one a actually like the editing on this one a little bit better, but I don't like that little bit better, but I don't like that little bit better, but I don't like that it, you know, made my forehead and face it, you know, made my forehead and face it, you know, made my forehead and face just generally bigger. Um but again, just generally bigger. Um but again, just generally bigger. Um but again, Gemini created the one on the left. Gemini created the one on the left. Gemini created the one on the left. ChatGPT generated the one on the right. ChatGPT generated the one on the right. ChatGPT generated the one on the right. This was nothing but a prompt. I didn't This was nothing but a prompt. I didn't This was nothing but a prompt. I didn't give it anything but my headshot and the give it anything but my headshot and the give it anything but my headshot and the prompt. Now you could obviously go prompt. Now you could obviously go prompt. Now you could obviously go through, clean this up, get it to, you through, clean this up, get it to, you through, clean this up, get it to, you know, do what it needs to do, whatever. know, do what it needs to do, whatever. know, do what it needs to do, whatever. Um and it's pretty cool. Um and it's pretty cool. Um and it's pretty cool. So, oops. Went too far. There we go. So, oops. Went too far. There we go. So, oops. Went too far. There we go. Uh a few important notes. AI can make Uh a few important notes. AI can make Uh a few important notes. AI can make mistakes and frequently does. It's mistakes and frequently does. It's mistakes and frequently does. It's definitely not not perfect. So you're definitely not not perfect. So you're definitely not not perfect. So you're only having it create your first draft. only having it create your first draft. only having it create your first draft. You need to go through and verify and You need to go through and verify and You need to go through and verify and edit and clean it up before you use it. edit and clean it up before you use it. edit and clean it up before you use it. You need to ensure there's no housing You need to ensure there's no housing You need to ensure there's no housing fair uh fair housing violations in fair uh fair housing violations in fair uh fair housing violations in anything you generate. Because if you anything you generate. Because if you anything you generate. Because if you do, you're going to be responsible. do, you're going to be responsible. do, you're going to be responsible. There is no defense that said, "Oh, I There is no defense that said, "Oh, I There is no defense that said, "Oh, I had AI generate this." had AI generate this." had AI generate this." It's not a defensible position. You will It's not a defensible position. You will It's not a defensible position. You will still have an ethics violation or a fair still have an ethics violation or a fair still have an ethics violation or a fair housing violation if you post something housing violation if you post something housing violation if you post something even if you didn't create it, you are even if you didn't create it, you are even if you didn't create it, you are presumed to. presumed to. presumed to. Um and never use AI to give legal Um and never use AI to give legal Um and never use AI to give legal advice. advice. advice. So, some other cool usage. You can have So, some other cool usage. You can have So, some other cool usage. You can have chat analyze large documents like the chat analyze large documents like the chat analyze large documents like the HOA rules and regs to synthesize the HOA rules and regs to synthesize the HOA rules and regs to synthesize the information. information. information. Uh you tell it to only use the Uh you tell it to only use the Uh you tell it to only use the information in the document not to information in the document not to information in the document not to assume anything. assume anything. assume anything. Uh I also have it provide direct Uh I also have it provide direct Uh I also have it provide direct references to where to obtain the info references to where to obtain the info references to where to obtain the info so I can verify to make sure it's right. so I can verify to make sure it's right. so I can verify to make sure it's right. You can upload your inspection reports. You can upload your inspection reports. You can upload your inspection reports. You can use it as a second opinion on You can use it as a second opinion on You can use it as a second opinion on pricing. So, all of these things are pricing. So, all of these things are pricing. So, all of these things are really cool uses for AI. really cool uses for AI. really cool uses for AI. Now, I'm going to go back and show you Now, I'm going to go back and show you Now, I'm going to go back and show you my chat GPT cuz there's a couple of cool my chat GPT cuz there's a couple of cool my chat GPT cuz there's a couple of cool things in here things in here things in here um um um that I want to you guys to see. Here we that I want to you guys to see. Here we that I want to you guys to see. Here we go. Okay. go. Okay. go. Okay. So, So, So, I had went into chat earlier and I said, I had went into chat earlier and I said, I had went into chat earlier and I said, "If I were a new user of chat GPT, what "If I were a new user of chat GPT, what "If I were a new user of chat GPT, what questions could I answer that would help questions could I answer that would help questions could I answer that would help you interact with me the correct way? you interact with me the correct way? you interact with me the correct way? What do you need to know about me? What What do you need to know about me? What What do you need to know about me? What type of tone should you use? Things like type of tone should you use? Things like type of tone should you use? Things like that." I'm going to be sharing this with that." I'm going to be sharing this with that." I'm going to be sharing this with the team as they're added as new users the team as they're added as new users the team as they're added as new users in the business account. So, please be in the business account. So, please be in the business account. So, please be as comprehensive and thorough as you as comprehensive and thorough as you as comprehensive and thorough as you can. Once we work through the specifics, can. Once we work through the specifics, can. Once we work through the specifics, please provide this in an edible please provide this in an edible please provide this in an edible editable document that agents can upload editable document that agents can upload editable document that agents can upload directly into their chat. So, it only directly into their chat. So, it only directly into their chat. So, it only thought for a few seconds and it said, thought for a few seconds and it said, thought for a few seconds and it said, "Here's the best starting point." "Here's the best starting point." "Here's the best starting point." So, basic role. What's your name? What's So, basic role. What's your name? What's So, basic role. What's your name? What's your role? What team, office, or market your role? What team, office, or market your role? What team, office, or market do you work in? What are your main do you work in? What are your main do you work in? What are your main responsibilities? responsibilities? responsibilities? Uh what tone do you want it to use? Uh what tone do you want it to use? Uh what tone do you want it to use? Do you prefer short answers or detailed Do you prefer short answers or detailed Do you prefer short answers or detailed explanations? Should chat GPT ask explanations? Should chat GPT ask explanations? Should chat GPT ask clarifying questions or make reasonable clarifying questions or make reasonable clarifying questions or make reasonable assumptions? assumptions? assumptions? This is a very dangerous thing. This is a very dangerous thing. This is a very dangerous thing. Reasonable assumptions in some cases Reasonable assumptions in some cases Reasonable assumptions in some cases work, but for the most part, I want it work, but for the most part, I want it work, but for the most part, I want it to ask me the the questions. I don't to ask me the the questions. I don't to ask me the the questions. I don't want it to assume that it knows what I'm want it to assume that it knows what I'm want it to assume that it knows what I'm asking. asking. asking. Uh do you prefer bullet points, Uh do you prefer bullet points, Uh do you prefer bullet points, paragraphs, tables, checklists, scripts, paragraphs, tables, checklists, scripts, paragraphs, tables, checklists, scripts, whatever? whatever? whatever? Um one of the things that I added in Um one of the things that I added in Um one of the things that I added in here, and it comes down here, and it comes down here, and it comes down to to to um um um Are there any words, phrases, or styles Are there any words, phrases, or styles Are there any words, phrases, or styles you dislike? I detest end dashes. I just you dislike? I detest end dashes. I just you dislike? I detest end dashes. I just do. So, I have it to where it's not do. So, I have it to where it's not do. So, I have it to where it's not going to give those to me anymore. Um going to give those to me anymore. Um going to give those to me anymore. Um should your ChatGPT be casual, formal, should your ChatGPT be casual, formal, should your ChatGPT be casual, formal, or somewhere in between? This is or somewhere in between? This is or somewhere in between? This is entirely up to you. entirely up to you. entirely up to you. Real estate workflows. You know, what Real estate workflows. You know, what Real estate workflows. You know, what are some real estate tasks that you're are some real estate tasks that you're are some real estate tasks that you're going to commonly want help with? going to commonly want help with? going to commonly want help with? Um Um Um your brand and voice, your client your brand and voice, your client your brand and voice, your client communication preferences, personal work communication preferences, personal work communication preferences, personal work through and answer all these questions through and answer all these questions through and answer all these questions so that chat will build this into the so that chat will build this into the so that chat will build this into the memory so that it works exactly the way memory so that it works exactly the way memory so that it works exactly the way you want it to. you want it to. you want it to. Now, I'm going to show you something Now, I'm going to show you something Now, I'm going to show you something that I did here. that I did here. that I did here. Um and this has nothing to do with real Um and this has nothing to do with real Um and this has nothing to do with real estate, but I'm just going to show you estate, but I'm just going to show you estate, but I'm just going to show you some of the other cool ways that you can some of the other cool ways that you can some of the other cool ways that you can use ChatGPT. use ChatGPT. use ChatGPT. Um Um Um I was going to make steak fried rice the I was going to make steak fried rice the I was going to make steak fried rice the other night. So, I said, "What is a other night. So, I said, "What is a other night. So, I said, "What is a quick marinade to get seasoned and quick marinade to get seasoned and quick marinade to get seasoned and tender steak for steak fried rice?" tender steak for steak fried rice?" tender steak for steak fried rice?" So, it gave me this, and it told me why So, it gave me this, and it told me why So, it gave me this, and it told me why because I want it to give me details. I because I want it to give me details. I because I want it to give me details. I don't want it to just give me don't want it to just give me don't want it to just give me information. So, okay, cool. information. So, okay, cool. information. So, okay, cool. And so, it asked me, "What kind of steak And so, it asked me, "What kind of steak And so, it asked me, "What kind of steak are you using?" And I said, "I'm using are you using?" And I said, "I'm using are you using?" And I said, "I'm using chuck tender steak cuz it's what was on chuck tender steak cuz it's what was on chuck tender steak cuz it's what was on sale at Publix." sale at Publix." sale at Publix." So, for a pound of thinly sliced chuck So, for a pound of thinly sliced chuck So, for a pound of thinly sliced chuck tender, I would use this. And I'm like, tender, I would use this. And I'm like, tender, I would use this. And I'm like, "Okay, cool." "Okay, cool." "Okay, cool." I said, "Is Shaoxing wine the same as I said, "Is Shaoxing wine the same as I said, "Is Shaoxing wine the same as rice wine?" Cuz I'm standing in the rice wine?" Cuz I'm standing in the rice wine?" Cuz I'm standing in the aisle in Publix, and I'm like, "I can't aisle in Publix, and I'm like, "I can't aisle in Publix, and I'm like, "I can't find Shaoxing wine, but they have rice find Shaoxing wine, but they have rice find Shaoxing wine, but they have rice wine." wine." wine." And it says, "Shaoxing is a type of rice And it says, "Shaoxing is a type of rice And it says, "Shaoxing is a type of rice wine, but not all rice wines are wine, but not all rice wines are wine, but not all rice wines are Shaoxing." I was like, "Okay, fine." Shaoxing." I was like, "Okay, fine." Shaoxing." I was like, "Okay, fine." And I said, "I don't like oyster sauce, And I said, "I don't like oyster sauce, And I said, "I don't like oyster sauce, so is there an alternative?" And it's so is there an alternative?" And it's so is there an alternative?" And it's like, "Okay, well, if you don't want an like, "Okay, well, if you don't want an like, "Okay, well, if you don't want an oyster sauce, just use soy sauce with a oyster sauce, just use soy sauce with a oyster sauce, just use soy sauce with a little more sugar." little more sugar." little more sugar." Okay, cool. And then I found that Publix Okay, cool. And then I found that Publix Okay, cool. And then I found that Publix had mirin. So I said, "Okay, cool. Can I had mirin. So I said, "Okay, cool. Can I had mirin. So I said, "Okay, cool. Can I use mirin instead of Shaoxing wine?" And use mirin instead of Shaoxing wine?" And use mirin instead of Shaoxing wine?" And it said, "Yeah, mirin will work, but it said, "Yeah, mirin will work, but it said, "Yeah, mirin will work, but it's sweeter and lower in alcohol, so it's sweeter and lower in alcohol, so it's sweeter and lower in alcohol, so take the sugar out and use the mirin take the sugar out and use the mirin take the sugar out and use the mirin instead." instead." instead." I'm like, "Okay, cool." I'm like, "Okay, cool." I'm like, "Okay, cool." Then, like, I knew what happened next, Then, like, I knew what happened next, Then, like, I knew what happened next, but I just wanted to see. So I was like, but I just wanted to see. So I was like, but I just wanted to see. So I was like, "Once I mix everything in the bag, what "Once I mix everything in the bag, what "Once I mix everything in the bag, what do I do next?" do I do next?" do I do next?" And it said, "Seal the bag, squeeze out And it said, "Seal the bag, squeeze out And it said, "Seal the bag, squeeze out most of the air, massage it for 30 to 60 most of the air, massage it for 30 to 60 most of the air, massage it for 30 to 60 seconds, lay it flat in the fridge, and seconds, lay it flat in the fridge, and seconds, lay it flat in the fridge, and let it sit for 30 to 45 minutes." And let it sit for 30 to 45 minutes." And let it sit for 30 to 45 minutes." And about halfway through, if you think about halfway through, if you think about halfway through, if you think about it, flip the bag over. about it, flip the bag over. about it, flip the bag over. Okay, cool. Okay, cool. Okay, cool. So, these are the types of things that So, these are the types of things that So, these are the types of things that you can go in and just use AI for. you can go in and just use AI for. you can go in and just use AI for. Um Um Um So, again, this is another listing that So, again, this is another listing that So, again, this is another listing that I said, "Please help me write the public I said, "Please help me write the public I said, "Please help me write the public remarks." I uploaded the floor plans, remarks." I uploaded the floor plans, remarks." I uploaded the floor plans, some photos, things like that. And I some photos, things like that. And I some photos, things like that. And I said, "This is what the previous agent said, "This is what the previous agent said, "This is what the previous agent wrote, but I feel like it can be wrote, but I feel like it can be wrote, but I feel like it can be approved upon significantly." And I just approved upon significantly." And I just approved upon significantly." And I just copied and pasted it. copied and pasted it. copied and pasted it. So it said, "Yes, the current remarks So it said, "Yes, the current remarks So it said, "Yes, the current remarks are very generic and read like they are very generic and read like they are very generic and read like they could apply to any of a dozen homes. The could apply to any of a dozen homes. The could apply to any of a dozen homes. The strongest selling points are these. So strongest selling points are these. So strongest selling points are these. So here's the option one, which is the most here's the option one, which is the most here's the option one, which is the most MLS-friendly. Here's option two, which MLS-friendly. Here's option two, which MLS-friendly. Here's option two, which is a bit more emotional or is a bit more emotional or is a bit more emotional or consumer-facing. consumer-facing. consumer-facing. But if you answer these questions, I can But if you answer these questions, I can But if you answer these questions, I can make it stronger." So I answered some of make it stronger." So I answered some of make it stronger." So I answered some of the questions. And it said, "Okay, cool. the questions. And it said, "Okay, cool. the questions. And it said, "Okay, cool. With those details, here's a more With those details, here's a more With those details, here's a more polished MLS version." polished MLS version." polished MLS version." And I said, "Okay, cool." And I said, "Okay, cool." And I said, "Okay, cool." And then it said, "After your visit, And then it said, "After your visit, And then it said, "After your visit, send me the HOA amenities, the rebate, send me the HOA amenities, the rebate, send me the HOA amenities, the rebate, blah blah blah." So I uploaded the HOA blah blah blah." So I uploaded the HOA blah blah blah." So I uploaded the HOA amenities. amenities. amenities. And I said, "After visiting the And I said, "After visiting the And I said, "After visiting the property, I learned the Florida room is property, I learned the Florida room is property, I learned the Florida room is climate-controlled, but doesn't appear climate-controlled, but doesn't appear climate-controlled, but doesn't appear to be included in the stated square to be included in the stated square to be included in the stated square footage. There's a number of HOA footage. There's a number of HOA footage. There's a number of HOA amenities pictured here. I was not able amenities pictured here. I was not able amenities pictured here. I was not able to determine the roof or HVAC age. The to determine the roof or HVAC age. The to determine the roof or HVAC age. The pool appears to be in good condition, pool appears to be in good condition, pool appears to be in good condition, and I'm fairly certain the wood floors and I'm fairly certain the wood floors and I'm fairly certain the wood floors are laminate." It says, "Awesome. Now are laminate." It says, "Awesome. Now are laminate." It says, "Awesome. Now that we know the Florida room is that we know the Florida room is that we know the Florida room is climate-controlled, here's how I would climate-controlled, here's how I would climate-controlled, here's how I would actually revise that write-up." And so actually revise that write-up." And so actually revise that write-up." And so it gives me this. And it's like, "A few it gives me this. And it's like, "A few it gives me this. And it's like, "A few strategy notes. I'd avoid saying bonus strategy notes. I'd avoid saying bonus strategy notes. I'd avoid saying bonus space not reflected in heated square space not reflected in heated square space not reflected in heated square footage if the Florida room isn't footage if the Florida room isn't footage if the Florida room isn't permitted. permitted. permitted. That's a good call out because, you That's a good call out because, you That's a good call out because, you know, we don't want to draw attention to know, we don't want to draw attention to know, we don't want to draw attention to the fact there's unpermitted work at the fact there's unpermitted work at the fact there's unpermitted work at this house. this house. this house. Um Um Um The photos of the amenities are The photos of the amenities are The photos of the amenities are impressive. West Meadows amenity center impressive. West Meadows amenity center impressive. West Meadows amenity center is a major selling point and should be is a major selling point and should be is a major selling point and should be featured in the first 10 photos of the featured in the first 10 photos of the featured in the first 10 photos of the listing. listing. listing. Uh my favorite opening line would be a Uh my favorite opening line would be a Uh my favorite opening line would be a pool home, climate controlled Florida pool home, climate controlled Florida pool home, climate controlled Florida room, and a resort-style West Meadows room, and a resort-style West Meadows room, and a resort-style West Meadows amenities. Welcome to a property that amenities. Welcome to a property that amenities. Welcome to a property that offers far more living space and offers far more living space and offers far more living space and lifestyle than the square footage lifestyle than the square footage lifestyle than the square footage suggests. suggests. suggests. So, it gives you these kind of cool So, it gives you these kind of cool So, it gives you these kind of cool tips and things that you can use to tips and things that you can use to tips and things that you can use to build out your listing presentations or build out your listing presentations or build out your listing presentations or whatever the case may be. And this is whatever the case may be. And this is whatever the case may be. And this is just a small fraction of what you could just a small fraction of what you could just a small fraction of what you could actually do with ChatGPT. I just wanted actually do with ChatGPT. I just wanted actually do with ChatGPT. I just wanted to give you guys a little bit of a to give you guys a little bit of a to give you guys a little bit of a sample, just to kind of show you how I sample, just to kind of show you how I sample, just to kind of show you how I use it. Oh, actually, before we go, use it. Oh, actually, before we go, use it. Oh, actually, before we go, there is one other thing I wanted to there is one other thing I wanted to there is one other thing I wanted to show you. Now, when you come into your show you. Now, when you come into your show you. Now, when you come into your profile and you go to settings, a lot of profile and you go to settings, a lot of profile and you go to settings, a lot of what's covered in that document is in what's covered in that document is in what's covered in that document is in this personalization section. this personalization section. this personalization section. So, because I uploaded a full document, So, because I uploaded a full document, So, because I uploaded a full document, I had the plus version before, I had the plus version before, I had the plus version before, so I exported my chat history and all of so I exported my chat history and all of so I exported my chat history and all of my settings, and I basically dropped it my settings, and I basically dropped it my settings, and I basically dropped it into a document and said, "Here's what I into a document and said, "Here's what I into a document and said, "Here's what I want you to use for me moving forward want you to use for me moving forward want you to use for me moving forward based on our history." based on our history." based on our history." So, mine is still set to default, but So, mine is still set to default, but So, mine is still set to default, but your base style and tone, you have your base style and tone, you have your base style and tone, you have professional, friendly, candid, quirky, professional, friendly, candid, quirky, professional, friendly, candid, quirky, efficient, cynical. You can tell it what efficient, cynical. You can tell it what efficient, cynical. You can tell it what you want. you want. you want. Um you also have some additional like, Um you also have some additional like, Um you also have some additional like, do you want more warm or less warm? Do do you want more warm or less warm? Do do you want more warm or less warm? Do you want more enthusiastic or less you want more enthusiastic or less you want more enthusiastic or less enthusiastic? Do you want more emojis or enthusiastic? Do you want more emojis or enthusiastic? Do you want more emojis or less emojis? less emojis? less emojis? Uh Uh Uh fast answers. So, ChatGPT can sometimes fast answers. So, ChatGPT can sometimes fast answers. So, ChatGPT can sometimes use general knowledge to get fast, use general knowledge to get fast, use general knowledge to get fast, in-depth answers. They're not in-depth answers. They're not in-depth answers. They're not personalized and don't use your memory, personalized and don't use your memory, personalized and don't use your memory, so I go ahead and turn that on. so I go ahead and turn that on. so I go ahead and turn that on. Your custom instructions, you can Your custom instructions, you can Your custom instructions, you can actually go through. So, you didn't want actually go through. So, you didn't want actually go through. So, you didn't want to go through this full document that I to go through this full document that I to go through this full document that I was just showing you. You can go into was just showing you. You can go into was just showing you. You can go into the custom instructions and you can tell the custom instructions and you can tell the custom instructions and you can tell it, "This is the type of tone I want you it, "This is the type of tone I want you it, "This is the type of tone I want you to use. This is, you know, how I speak. to use. This is, you know, how I speak. to use. This is, you know, how I speak. I don't use contractions in my writing." I don't use contractions in my writing." I don't use contractions in my writing." Or, whatever the case may be. Or, whatever the case may be. Or, whatever the case may be. Um your nickname, you can have it call Um your nickname, you can have it call Um your nickname, you can have it call you whatever you want. Some people get you whatever you want. Some people get you whatever you want. Some people get really creative with this. really creative with this. really creative with this. Your occupation, more about you. Like, Your occupation, more about you. Like, Your occupation, more about you. Like, what are your interests, your values, or what are your interests, your values, or what are your interests, your values, or preferences that I should keep in mind preferences that I should keep in mind preferences that I should keep in mind when I'm giving you information. when I'm giving you information. when I'm giving you information. Um all of these things are built into Um all of these things are built into Um all of these things are built into your personalization. So, if you didn't your personalization. So, if you didn't your personalization. So, if you didn't want to go through and fill out that want to go through and fill out that want to go through and fill out that long form, you can just come right here long form, you can just come right here long form, you can just come right here into your settings and set your into your settings and set your into your settings and set your personalization this way. personalization this way. personalization this way. Um this is just kind of a shortcut. Um this is just kind of a shortcut. Um this is just kind of a shortcut. Again, it's just all a matter of how you Again, it's just all a matter of how you Again, it's just all a matter of how you choose to use it, but it's definitely choose to use it, but it's definitely choose to use it, but it's definitely valuable to make it customized to who valuable to make it customized to who valuable to make it customized to who you are and how you want it to interact you are and how you want it to interact you are and how you want it to interact with you. And more importantly, how you with you. And more importantly, how you with you. And more importantly, how you want it to represent you want it to represent you want it to represent you when it's speaking on your behalf. when it's speaking on your behalf. when it's speaking on your behalf. So, this has been just a very 10,000-ft So, this has been just a very 10,000-ft So, this has been just a very 10,000-ft view overview. There's so many more view overview. There's so many more view overview. There's so many more things that we could jump into with things that we could jump into with things that we could jump into with this, but I wanted to give you guys just this, but I wanted to give you guys just this, but I wanted to give you guys just a few ideas of how ChatGPT could be used a few ideas of how ChatGPT could be used a few ideas of how ChatGPT could be used to really benefit you and your business to really benefit you and your business to really benefit you and your business and keep you and keep you and keep you more productive and, you know, more productive and, you know, more productive and, you know, succeeding on a higher level. succeeding on a higher level. succeeding on a higher level. As always, you have questions or As always, you have questions or As always, you have questions or something about this you want to talk something about this you want to talk something about this you want to talk more about, I'd love to sit down and more about, I'd love to sit down and more about, I'd love to sit down and have a one-on-one. We can chat and, you have a one-on-one. We can chat and, you have a one-on-one. We can chat and, you know, kind of get your ChatGPT know, kind of get your ChatGPT know, kind of get your ChatGPT customized the way you want it and, you customized the way you want it and, you customized the way you want it and, you know, figure out ways to take your know, figure out ways to take your know, figure out ways to take your business to the next level. So, as business to the next level. So, as business to the next level. So, as always, I appreciate you guys and always, I appreciate you guys and always, I appreciate you guys and everything you do and I hope you found everything you do and I hope you found everything you do and I hope you found this helpful. I will talk to you soon this helpful. I will talk to you soon this helpful. I will talk to you soon and uh get out there and sell some and uh get out there and sell some and uh get out there and sell some houses. Have a great day.
