Lumni Spark is the most Lumni Spark is the most Lumni Spark is the most beginner-friendly AI agent out there. beginner-friendly AI agent out there. beginner-friendly AI agent out there. So, if you've heard of Cloud Co-Work, So, if you've heard of Cloud Co-Work, So, if you've heard of Cloud Co-Work, Codeex, or OpenClaw, but found those too Codeex, or OpenClaw, but found those too Codeex, or OpenClaw, but found those too intimidating, you are in the right intimidating, you are in the right intimidating, you are in the right place. In this video, we break down the place. In this video, we break down the place. In this video, we break down the four key capabilities of Gemini Spark, four key capabilities of Gemini Spark, four key capabilities of Gemini Spark, each with real world use cases, so that each with real world use cases, so that each with real world use cases, so that by the end, you'll know exactly how and by the end, you'll know exactly how and by the end, you'll know exactly how and when to use Gemini Spark. Let's get when to use Gemini Spark. Let's get when to use Gemini Spark. Let's get started. First, let's quickly go over started. First, let's quickly go over started. First, let's quickly go over the differences between Gemini the the differences between Gemini the the differences between Gemini the chatbot and Gemini Spark. When it comes chatbot and Gemini Spark. When it comes chatbot and Gemini Spark. When it comes to file management, Gemini Chat can find to file management, Gemini Chat can find to file management, Gemini Chat can find and summarize files in our Google Drive, and summarize files in our Google Drive, and summarize files in our Google Drive, but it struggles with other basic tasks but it struggles with other basic tasks but it struggles with other basic tasks like renaming files and moving them to like renaming files and moving them to like renaming files and moving them to the correct folders. Gemini Spark, on the correct folders. Gemini Spark, on the correct folders. Gemini Spark, on the other hand, can detect whenever a the other hand, can detect whenever a the other hand, can detect whenever a new file is uploaded to a folder, rename new file is uploaded to a folder, rename new file is uploaded to a folder, rename it based on what's inside, and move it it based on what's inside, and move it it based on what's inside, and move it to the right location, which basically to the right location, which basically to the right location, which basically means your Google Drive is self-cleing. means your Google Drive is self-cleing. means your Google Drive is self-cleing. Second, Gemini Chat can easily produce a Second, Gemini Chat can easily produce a Second, Gemini Chat can easily produce a well-written report in Google Docs, but well-written report in Google Docs, but well-written report in Google Docs, but you still have to ask for it every time. you still have to ask for it every time. you still have to ask for it every time. Gemini Spark can autonomously build that Gemini Spark can autonomously build that Gemini Spark can autonomously build that same report on a daily or weekly same report on a daily or weekly same report on a daily or weekly schedule. Third, although I can use the schedule. Third, although I can use the schedule. Third, although I can use the at@gmail command to triage my inbox and at@gmail command to triage my inbox and at@gmail command to triage my inbox and ask Gemini Chat to summarize my emails ask Gemini Chat to summarize my emails ask Gemini Chat to summarize my emails and prepare replies, it uses a different and prepare replies, it uses a different and prepare replies, it uses a different formatting every time and can't take formatting every time and can't take formatting every time and can't take basic actions like archiving emails or basic actions like archiving emails or basic actions like archiving emails or applying labels. With Gemini Spark, I applying labels. With Gemini Spark, I applying labels. With Gemini Spark, I have a triage workflow that runs on its have a triage workflow that runs on its have a triage workflow that runs on its own, formats each summary top down the own, formats each summary top down the own, formats each summary top down the way I like it, proposes labels to add, way I like it, proposes labels to add, way I like it, proposes labels to add, and can archive irrelevant emails and can archive irrelevant emails and can archive irrelevant emails automatically. Put simply, Gemini Chat automatically. Put simply, Gemini Chat automatically. Put simply, Gemini Chat is more reactive. It answers when you is more reactive. It answers when you is more reactive. It answers when you ask for something. Gemini Spark is more ask for something. Gemini Spark is more ask for something. Gemini Spark is more proactive. It actually goes and does the proactive. It actually goes and does the proactive. It actually goes and does the work. Now, when Spark becomes available work. Now, when Spark becomes available work. Now, when Spark becomes available for you, there are two things you need for you, there are two things you need for you, there are two things you need to do. First, head on into Gemini to do. First, head on into Gemini to do. First, head on into Gemini settings, personal intelligence, and settings, personal intelligence, and settings, personal intelligence, and turn on memory. This lets Spark remember turn on memory. This lets Spark remember turn on memory. This lets Spark remember your preferences and learn how you work. your preferences and learn how you work. your preferences and learn how you work. And while we're here, go into connected And while we're here, go into connected And while we're here, go into connected apps and make sure the toggles for apps and make sure the toggles for apps and make sure the toggles for Google Workspace and Search Services are Google Workspace and Search Services are Google Workspace and Search Services are enabled. And by the way, you'll only see enabled. And by the way, you'll only see enabled. And by the way, you'll only see the personal intelligence option in your the personal intelligence option in your the personal intelligence option in your personal Google account. If you're using personal Google account. If you're using personal Google account. If you're using the enterprise version, you'll only see the enterprise version, you'll only see the enterprise version, you'll only see the connected apps tab. Click into it the connected apps tab. Click into it the connected apps tab. Click into it and just make sure the Google Workspace and just make sure the Google Workspace and just make sure the Google Workspace toggle is enabled, which gives Spark toggle is enabled, which gives Spark toggle is enabled, which gives Spark direct access to our Gmail, Google direct access to our Gmail, Google direct access to our Gmail, Google Calendar, and Google Drive. Second, head Calendar, and Google Drive. Second, head Calendar, and Google Drive. Second, head on into Google Drive and create a folder on into Google Drive and create a folder on into Google Drive and create a folder called Spark OS in the root of your called Spark OS in the root of your called Spark OS in the root of your MyRive. And you'll see how this comes MyRive. And you'll see how this comes MyRive. And you'll see how this comes into play later on. All right, into play later on. All right, into play later on. All right, capability number one, connect the dots. capability number one, connect the dots. capability number one, connect the dots. Diving right into an example related to Diving right into an example related to Diving right into an example related to soccer. What was that? Soccer. So, soccer. What was that? Soccer. So, soccer. What was that? Soccer. So, okay. Example related to football. I okay. Example related to football. I okay. Example related to football. I tell Spark to create a spreadsheet of tell Spark to create a spreadsheet of tell Spark to create a spreadsheet of every match in this year's World Cup every match in this year's World Cup every match in this year's World Cup with the date and both teams. then pull with the date and both teams. then pull with the date and both teams. then pull the transcript from my recent meeting the transcript from my recent meeting the transcript from my recent meeting with Elon Husky and Satcha Nutella and with Elon Husky and Satcha Nutella and with Elon Husky and Satcha Nutella and add their predicted winners to the add their predicted winners to the add their predicted winners to the spreadsheet. Here's why this example is spreadsheet. Here's why this example is spreadsheet. Here's why this example is a great illustration of Spark's first a great illustration of Spark's first a great illustration of Spark's first capability. Create a spreadsheet tells capability. Create a spreadsheet tells capability. Create a spreadsheet tells it to make a Google sheet in my Google it to make a Google sheet in my Google it to make a Google sheet in my Google Drive. This year's World Cup means it Drive. This year's World Cup means it Drive. This year's World Cup means it has to search the web to find the full has to search the web to find the full has to search the web to find the full schedule. And pull the transcript from schedule. And pull the transcript from schedule. And pull the transcript from my recent meeting means it has to search my recent meeting means it has to search my recent meeting means it has to search my calendar and grab the meeting my calendar and grab the meeting my calendar and grab the meeting transcript. Then it stitches all of that transcript. Then it stitches all of that transcript. Then it stitches all of that into one spreadsheet without me opening into one spreadsheet without me opening into one spreadsheet without me opening a single app. This is the power of a single app. This is the power of a single app. This is the power of Spark's native integration within all Spark's native integration within all Spark's native integration within all our Google apps. This is a very silly our Google apps. This is a very silly our Google apps. This is a very silly analogy, but the easiest way to analogy, but the easiest way to analogy, but the easiest way to understand what Spark can do is to understand what Spark can do is to understand what Spark can do is to imagine the search bars from Google imagine the search bars from Google imagine the search bars from Google Drive, Google Calendar, Gmail, and Drive, Google Calendar, Gmail, and Drive, Google Calendar, Gmail, and Google Search all merged into one omni Google Search all merged into one omni Google Search all merged into one omni box with a virtual assistant behind that box with a virtual assistant behind that box with a virtual assistant behind that omni box who can take action on your omni box who can take action on your omni box who can take action on your behalf. Moving on to a work-related behalf. Moving on to a work-related behalf. Moving on to a work-related example. This time I tell Spark to example. This time I tell Spark to example. This time I tell Spark to review my latest email thread with review my latest email thread with review my latest email thread with Austin. Then create a calendar invite Austin. Then create a calendar invite Austin. Then create a calendar invite for a quick catch up on October 1st in for a quick catch up on October 1st in for a quick catch up on October 1st in the same time slot as our last meeting. the same time slot as our last meeting. the same time slot as our last meeting. Let me review the title and description. Let me review the title and description. Let me review the title and description. And I'm just going to let this run. And I'm just going to let this run. And I'm just going to let this run. Here's what's clever about this. I never Here's what's clever about this. I never Here's what's clever about this. I never said Austin's full name, but Spark knew said Austin's full name, but Spark knew said Austin's full name, but Spark knew to search my Gmail, find the right to search my Gmail, find the right to search my Gmail, find the right Austin, read the thread for context, Austin, read the thread for context, Austin, read the thread for context, check my calendar to reuse the time slot check my calendar to reuse the time slot check my calendar to reuse the time slot from our last meeting, and then draft from our last meeting, and then draft from our last meeting, and then draft the whole invite for my approval. And the whole invite for my approval. And the whole invite for my approval. And this is something you'll notice this is something you'll notice this is something you'll notice throughout the whole video. Gemini Spark throughout the whole video. Gemini Spark throughout the whole video. Gemini Spark pulling the right context from across my pulling the right context from across my pulling the right context from across my workspace and taking action on my workspace and taking action on my workspace and taking action on my behalf. If you're still typing all your behalf. If you're still typing all your behalf. If you're still typing all your prompts, by the way, I highly recommend prompts, by the way, I highly recommend prompts, by the way, I highly recommend using a voicetoext tool like today's using a voicetoext tool like today's using a voicetoext tool like today's sponsor, Whisper Flow, to become more sponsor, Whisper Flow, to become more sponsor, Whisper Flow, to become more effective with AI. So, most people think effective with AI. So, most people think effective with AI. So, most people think these tools just save time. And while these tools just save time. And while these tools just save time. And while that's true, the real benefit is that that's true, the real benefit is that that's true, the real benefit is that you naturally give AI way more detail you naturally give AI way more detail you naturally give AI way more detail than you'd ever bother typing. And since than you'd ever bother typing. And since than you'd ever bother typing. And since context is the most important input, context is the most important input, context is the most important input, your output improves drastically. I've your output improves drastically. I've your output improves drastically. I've tried a lot of these tools and Whisper tried a lot of these tools and Whisper tried a lot of these tools and Whisper Flow is the fastest and most accurate Flow is the fastest and most accurate Flow is the fastest and most accurate one by far. For example, watch what one by far. For example, watch what one by far. For example, watch what happens when I ramble and make mistakes. happens when I ramble and make mistakes. happens when I ramble and make mistakes. I just hit a quick shortcut to start. I just hit a quick shortcut to start. I just hit a quick shortcut to start. Um, two things. First, Gemini Spark is Um, two things. First, Gemini Spark is Um, two things. First, Gemini Spark is the advanced one. Wait, no, the advanced one. Wait, no, the advanced one. Wait, no, the beginner one, and second, Codeex is the beginner one, and second, Codeex is the beginner one, and second, Codeex is the advanced one. Hit the shortcut the advanced one. Hit the shortcut the advanced one. Hit the shortcut again, and boom. As you can see, Whisper again, and boom. As you can see, Whisper again, and boom. As you can see, Whisper Flow cleaned up my mistakes and Flow cleaned up my mistakes and Flow cleaned up my mistakes and formatted everything for me. And if I formatted everything for me. And if I formatted everything for me. And if I bring up my Whisper Flow dashboard, bring up my Whisper Flow dashboard, bring up my Whisper Flow dashboard, you'll see that I've been using this you'll see that I've been using this you'll see that I've been using this regularly since December of last year. regularly since December of last year. regularly since December of last year. 87% of my usage has been for AI prompts. 87% of my usage has been for AI prompts. 87% of my usage has been for AI prompts. And not to brag, but ever since I added And not to brag, but ever since I added And not to brag, but ever since I added the top 2% ranking here to my dating the top 2% ranking here to my dating the top 2% ranking here to my dating profile, I've been getting matches like profile, I've been getting matches like profile, I've been getting matches like crazy. Anyway, click the link below for crazy. Anyway, click the link below for crazy. Anyway, click the link below for a free month of the pro plan. Thank you a free month of the pro plan. Thank you a free month of the pro plan. Thank you Whisflow for sponsoring this video. Whisflow for sponsoring this video. Whisflow for sponsoring this video. Moving on to capability number two, Moving on to capability number two, Moving on to capability number two, follow your templates. Going back to the follow your templates. Going back to the follow your templates. Going back to the Spark OS folder I asked you to create, Spark OS folder I asked you to create, Spark OS folder I asked you to create, add another folder inside called Spark add another folder inside called Spark add another folder inside called Spark templates. Create an empty Google Doc. templates. Create an empty Google Doc. templates. Create an empty Google Doc. And I'll paste in a weekly report And I'll paste in a weekly report And I'll paste in a weekly report template I built ahead of time. And I'll template I built ahead of time. And I'll template I built ahead of time. And I'll name this weekly report template. I'll name this weekly report template. I'll name this weekly report template. I'll leave a link to all these templates down leave a link to all these templates down leave a link to all these templates down below. Then back in Gemini Spark, I'm below. Then back in Gemini Spark, I'm below. Then back in Gemini Spark, I'm going to attach an intake document where going to attach an intake document where going to attach an intake document where the sales teams have added their long the sales teams have added their long the sales teams have added their long and very messy updates. And I just say, and very messy updates. And I just say, and very messy updates. And I just say, I just received this week's updates from I just received this week's updates from I just received this week's updates from the sales teams. Turn them into a the sales teams. Turn them into a the sales teams. Turn them into a leadership brief that follows the weekly leadership brief that follows the weekly leadership brief that follows the weekly report template from the Spark templates report template from the Spark templates report template from the Spark templates folder. folder. folder. And we're just going to send this off. And we're just going to send this off. And we're just going to send this off. And after a few minutes, you can see And after a few minutes, you can see And after a few minutes, you can see that Spark has pulled all the raw that Spark has pulled all the raw that Spark has pulled all the raw updates from the intake document and updates from the intake document and updates from the intake document and distilled the key details into a clean distilled the key details into a clean distilled the key details into a clean leadership brief. The bigger takeaway leadership brief. The bigger takeaway leadership brief. The bigger takeaway here is to find the work you do over and here is to find the work you do over and here is to find the work you do over and over, build a template for it once, and over, build a template for it once, and over, build a template for it once, and just point Spark at the template, and it just point Spark at the template, and it just point Spark at the template, and it produces a consistent deliverable every produces a consistent deliverable every produces a consistent deliverable every time without you having to reexplain time without you having to reexplain time without you having to reexplain anything. By the way, at the end of the anything. By the way, at the end of the anything. By the way, at the end of the video, I'll show you how to teach Gemini video, I'll show you how to teach Gemini video, I'll show you how to teach Gemini Spark to follow your preferences for any Spark to follow your preferences for any Spark to follow your preferences for any work that you do, not just matching the work that you do, not just matching the work that you do, not just matching the format on one deliverable. All right, format on one deliverable. All right, format on one deliverable. All right, capability number three, create capability number three, create capability number three, create repeating playbooks using the skills repeating playbooks using the skills repeating playbooks using the skills feature. So, just now we saw Spark feature. So, just now we saw Spark feature. So, just now we saw Spark transform messy notes into a structured transform messy notes into a structured transform messy notes into a structured brief using a template. We can now take brief using a template. We can now take brief using a template. We can now take this a step further by first going into this a step further by first going into this a step further by first going into our Spark OS folder and creating another our Spark OS folder and creating another our Spark OS folder and creating another 99_temp folder. Then in the same chat 99_temp folder. Then in the same chat 99_temp folder. Then in the same chat that produced a report, I can tell Spark that produced a report, I can tell Spark that produced a report, I can tell Spark create a weekly report skill that finds create a weekly report skill that finds create a weekly report skill that finds the latest data entry in my weekly the latest data entry in my weekly the latest data entry in my weekly report intake doc and rewrite it to report intake doc and rewrite it to report intake doc and rewrite it to match the weekly report template in the match the weekly report template in the match the weekly report template in the Spark templates folder. And always save Spark templates folder. And always save Spark templates folder. And always save the output in the 99_Temp folder. Before the output in the 99_Temp folder. Before the output in the 99_Temp folder. Before you save the skill, restate my goal and you save the skill, restate my goal and you save the skill, restate my goal and show me the steps so I can approve them show me the steps so I can approve them show me the steps so I can approve them first. and let me send this off and first. and let me send this off and first. and let me send this off and we'll see what happens. Spark's going to we'll see what happens. Spark's going to we'll see what happens. Spark's going to first repeat its understanding of my first repeat its understanding of my first repeat its understanding of my goal, then propose a plan for me to goal, then propose a plan for me to goal, then propose a plan for me to review. And after I approve it, Spark's review. And after I approve it, Spark's review. And after I approve it, Spark's going to create a weekly report skill going to create a weekly report skill going to create a weekly report skill that shows up under the skills tab on that shows up under the skills tab on that shows up under the skills tab on the left. And so the next time the sales the left. And so the next time the sales the left. And so the next time the sales team updates the intake document, I can team updates the intake document, I can team updates the intake document, I can just open up a new chat, type forward just open up a new chat, type forward just open up a new chat, type forward slash, and pick the skill to generate a slash, and pick the skill to generate a slash, and pick the skill to generate a new report that follows the same new report that follows the same new report that follows the same structure without me having to explain structure without me having to explain structure without me having to explain all the steps. As you can see, a skill all the steps. As you can see, a skill all the steps. As you can see, a skill is basically a fixed set of instructions is basically a fixed set of instructions is basically a fixed set of instructions that turns the same kind of input into that turns the same kind of input into that turns the same kind of input into the same kind of output where only the the same kind of output where only the the same kind of output where only the content changes. Think of a waffle iron. content changes. Think of a waffle iron. content changes. Think of a waffle iron. Whatever batter you pour in, normal or Whatever batter you pour in, normal or Whatever batter you pour in, normal or chocolate, you get the same waffle out. chocolate, you get the same waffle out. chocolate, you get the same waffle out. I mean, chocolate is obviously better, I mean, chocolate is obviously better, I mean, chocolate is obviously better, but you get my point. Your input is the but you get my point. Your input is the but you get my point. Your input is the batter, the skill is the iron, and the batter, the skill is the iron, and the batter, the skill is the iron, and the output is the waffle. Taking this output is the waffle. Taking this output is the waffle. Taking this further still, let's say I want to make further still, let's say I want to make further still, let's say I want to make an edit to the skill. I can just say an edit to the skill. I can just say an edit to the skill. I can just say something like edit the weekly report something like edit the weekly report something like edit the weekly report generator skill so that it shows the generator skill so that it shows the generator skill so that it shows the bottom line in chat for me to review. bottom line in chat for me to review. bottom line in chat for me to review. And after a minute or two, Spark is just And after a minute or two, Spark is just And after a minute or two, Spark is just going to go ahead and update the skill going to go ahead and update the skill going to go ahead and update the skill directly. Now that you understand how directly. Now that you understand how directly. Now that you understand how skills work, I'll link my exact inbox skills work, I'll link my exact inbox skills work, I'll link my exact inbox zero skill down below in the description zero skill down below in the description zero skill down below in the description for you to download. And after you for you to download. And after you for you to download. And after you download it, you can just double click download it, you can just double click download it, you can just double click to unzip it to get the skill.md file. Go to unzip it to get the skill.md file. Go to unzip it to get the skill.md file. Go back into your Gemini Spark. Go to back into your Gemini Spark. Go to back into your Gemini Spark. Go to skills, click upload skill, and just skills, click upload skill, and just skills, click upload skill, and just drag the skill.md in. And after a couple drag the skill.md in. And after a couple drag the skill.md in. And after a couple of seconds here, it's going to upload of seconds here, it's going to upload of seconds here, it's going to upload successfully. successfully. successfully. And we're going to click create to And we're going to click create to And we're going to click create to confirm. Now, when you run that skill, confirm. Now, when you run that skill, confirm. Now, when you run that skill, you'll notice that it follows my you'll notice that it follows my you'll notice that it follows my preferences when it comes to formatting preferences when it comes to formatting preferences when it comes to formatting and labels, and that's by design because and labels, and that's by design because and labels, and that's by design because the fastest way for you to learn is to the fastest way for you to learn is to the fastest way for you to learn is to tailor an existing skill to fit your tailor an existing skill to fit your tailor an existing skill to fit your workflow. So, go ahead and just start workflow. So, go ahead and just start workflow. So, go ahead and just start playing around with it. Pro tip, if you playing around with it. Pro tip, if you playing around with it. Pro tip, if you created your own skill and want to share created your own skill and want to share created your own skill and want to share it with a teammate, just go to three it with a teammate, just go to three it with a teammate, just go to three dots, download, and they will just dots, download, and they will just dots, download, and they will just upload the skill in the exact same way. upload the skill in the exact same way. upload the skill in the exact same way. By the way, if you want to boost your By the way, if you want to boost your By the way, if you want to boost your Google Workspace productivity by 1% Google Workspace productivity by 1% Google Workspace productivity by 1% every week, you can sign up for my every week, you can sign up for my every week, you can sign up for my weekly newsletter to receive a bite-siz weekly newsletter to receive a bite-siz weekly newsletter to receive a bite-siz tip you can apply in under 60 seconds. tip you can apply in under 60 seconds. tip you can apply in under 60 seconds. Link down below. Next, capability number Link down below. Next, capability number Link down below. Next, capability number four, automating your routines with four, automating your routines with four, automating your routines with scheduled tasks. In a nutshell, a skill scheduled tasks. In a nutshell, a skill scheduled tasks. In a nutshell, a skill still requires you to explicitly run it still requires you to explicitly run it still requires you to explicitly run it while a scheduled task runs on its own, while a scheduled task runs on its own, while a scheduled task runs on its own, either at a set time, a timebased either at a set time, a timebased either at a set time, a timebased trigger, or when something happens, an trigger, or when something happens, an trigger, or when something happens, an eventbased trigger. Going back to our eventbased trigger. Going back to our eventbased trigger. Going back to our weekly report workflow, since the sales weekly report workflow, since the sales weekly report workflow, since the sales team always updates the intake document team always updates the intake document team always updates the intake document by Friday afternoon every week, it makes by Friday afternoon every week, it makes by Friday afternoon every week, it makes sense to create a schedule task around sense to create a schedule task around sense to create a schedule task around this. So, I tell Spark, create a this. So, I tell Spark, create a this. So, I tell Spark, create a schedule task that runs the weekly schedule task that runs the weekly schedule task that runs the weekly report skill every Monday at 9:30 a.m. report skill every Monday at 9:30 a.m. report skill every Monday at 9:30 a.m. And we're going to send this off and see And we're going to send this off and see And we're going to send this off and see what happens. Once Spark confirms the what happens. Once Spark confirms the what happens. Once Spark confirms the weekly task has been created, we can weekly task has been created, we can weekly task has been created, we can head on over to the schedules tab on the head on over to the schedules tab on the head on over to the schedules tab on the left to check that yes, this is a left to check that yes, this is a left to check that yes, this is a timebased schedule task running the timebased schedule task running the timebased schedule task running the weekly report skill every Monday at 9:30 weekly report skill every Monday at 9:30 weekly report skill every Monday at 9:30 a.m. And we can even test it out right a.m. And we can even test it out right a.m. And we can even test it out right now by clicking the three dots and now by clicking the three dots and now by clicking the three dots and hitting run. Moving on to an eventbased hitting run. Moving on to an eventbased hitting run. Moving on to an eventbased example, since I use Gemini for example, since I use Gemini for example, since I use Gemini for meeting transcript from meeting transcript from meeting transcript from geminotes@google.com geminotes@google.com geminotes@google.com after every meeting. And so I can tell after every meeting. And so I can tell after every meeting. And so I can tell Spark whenever I receive an email from Spark whenever I receive an email from Spark whenever I receive an email from geminiotes@google.com geminiotes@google.com geminiotes@google.com analyze the meeting transcript in full analyze the meeting transcript in full analyze the meeting transcript in full brief me using the bottomline upfront brief me using the bottomline upfront brief me using the bottomline upfront format and draft a recap email to the format and draft a recap email to the format and draft a recap email to the attendees if once warranted and Spark attendees if once warranted and Spark attendees if once warranted and Spark will then build an event trigger will then build an event trigger will then build an event trigger scheduled task. Once that's done, Spark scheduled task. Once that's done, Spark scheduled task. Once that's done, Spark will now just silently sit there will now just silently sit there will now just silently sit there watching for that transcript email. And watching for that transcript email. And watching for that transcript email. And the moment it lands, it reads the notes, the moment it lands, it reads the notes, the moment it lands, it reads the notes, briefs me on the decisions and action briefs me on the decisions and action briefs me on the decisions and action items, and drafts the recap. Pro tip: items, and drafts the recap. Pro tip: items, and drafts the recap. Pro tip: Event triggers like this one are created Event triggers like this one are created Event triggers like this one are created by talking to Gemini directly and not by talking to Gemini directly and not by talking to Gemini directly and not through the manual schedule builder, through the manual schedule builder, through the manual schedule builder, which only does timebased schedules for which only does timebased schedules for which only does timebased schedules for now. At this point, you might be curious now. At this point, you might be curious now. At this point, you might be curious how Gemini Spark stacks up to its peers. how Gemini Spark stacks up to its peers. how Gemini Spark stacks up to its peers. First, I'm going to oversimplify a bit, First, I'm going to oversimplify a bit, First, I'm going to oversimplify a bit, but Gemini Spark is definitely the most but Gemini Spark is definitely the most but Gemini Spark is definitely the most beginner friendly option since it's beginner friendly option since it's beginner friendly option since it's already embedded in the tools you already embedded in the tools you already embedded in the tools you already use like Gmail, Google Calendar, already use like Gmail, Google Calendar, already use like Gmail, Google Calendar, and Google Drive. So, it requires the and Google Drive. So, it requires the and Google Drive. So, it requires the least amount of setup. Furthermore, and least amount of setup. Furthermore, and least amount of setup. Furthermore, and this is a massive advantage, unlike all this is a massive advantage, unlike all this is a massive advantage, unlike all the other systems, Gemini Spark runs the other systems, Gemini Spark runs the other systems, Gemini Spark runs completely on the cloud, meaning these completely on the cloud, meaning these completely on the cloud, meaning these scheduled tasks, well, I guess all tasks scheduled tasks, well, I guess all tasks scheduled tasks, well, I guess all tasks in Gemini Spark can fire when my laptop in Gemini Spark can fire when my laptop in Gemini Spark can fire when my laptop is off, which is not possible in Cloud is off, which is not possible in Cloud is off, which is not possible in Cloud Co-work, Cloud Code, and Codeex. On the Co-work, Cloud Code, and Codeex. On the Co-work, Cloud Code, and Codeex. On the flip side, if you open the connected flip side, if you open the connected flip side, if you open the connected apps page, you'll see that there aren't apps page, you'll see that there aren't apps page, you'll see that there aren't that many external tools Spark can plug that many external tools Spark can plug that many external tools Spark can plug into yet, which is a real weakness since into yet, which is a real weakness since into yet, which is a real weakness since an agent's whole job is taking action an agent's whole job is taking action an agent's whole job is taking action for you in the tools that you use. I for you in the tools that you use. I for you in the tools that you use. I mean, just compare the lack of options mean, just compare the lack of options mean, just compare the lack of options here with all these options in Claude as here with all these options in Claude as here with all these options in Claude as an example. And there's one more issue an example. And there's one more issue an example. And there's one more issue to bring up. Sorry, Google. I love you to bring up. Sorry, Google. I love you to bring up. Sorry, Google. I love you guys, but I have to be fair here. Since guys, but I have to be fair here. Since guys, but I have to be fair here. Since we can't pick the model that Spark uses, we can't pick the model that Spark uses, we can't pick the model that Spark uses, I found the output is sometimes I found the output is sometimes I found the output is sometimes inconsistent. But this should be a inconsistent. But this should be a inconsistent. But this should be a fairly easy fix. Just let us pick the fairly easy fix. Just let us pick the fairly easy fix. Just let us pick the model. Next, claude co-work is the model. Next, claude co-work is the model. Next, claude co-work is the intermediate option since it's friendly intermediate option since it's friendly intermediate option since it's friendly towards non-technical users, but still towards non-technical users, but still towards non-technical users, but still gives us a lot of control. For example, gives us a lot of control. For example, gives us a lot of control. For example, my co-work system contains this my co-work system contains this my co-work system contains this memory.md document. So, I can explicitly memory.md document. So, I can explicitly memory.md document. So, I can explicitly control what co-work knows about me. For control what co-work knows about me. For control what co-work knows about me. For example, instead of being an assistant example, instead of being an assistant example, instead of being an assistant to the office manager, I can be the to the office manager, I can be the to the office manager, I can be the assistant office manager. Gemini Spark, assistant office manager. Gemini Spark, assistant office manager. Gemini Spark, however, is a black box in that if you however, is a black box in that if you however, is a black box in that if you ask, "Hey, where can I see all the ask, "Hey, where can I see all the ask, "Hey, where can I see all the information you know about me?" It gives information you know about me?" It gives information you know about me?" It gives you a vague, unhelpful answer, and you you a vague, unhelpful answer, and you you a vague, unhelpful answer, and you just have to trust it's remembering the just have to trust it's remembering the just have to trust it's remembering the right things about you. Claude Code and right things about you. Claude Code and right things about you. Claude Code and Codeex are the most powerful by far, but Codeex are the most powerful by far, but Codeex are the most powerful by far, but to get the most out of these two tools, to get the most out of these two tools, to get the most out of these two tools, you would need to have a you would need to have a you would need to have a technical/coding background. No matter technical/coding background. No matter technical/coding background. No matter which one you pick though, all these which one you pick though, all these which one you pick though, all these agents only work as well as your agents only work as well as your agents only work as well as your workspace architecture, aka how your workspace architecture, aka how your workspace architecture, aka how your files and folders are organized. For files and folders are organized. For files and folders are organized. For instance, my entire co-work system lives instance, my entire co-work system lives instance, my entire co-work system lives in just one folder, organized by the in just one folder, organized by the in just one folder, organized by the different areas of my life, and this different areas of my life, and this different areas of my life, and this allows me to quickly load the relevant allows me to quickly load the relevant allows me to quickly load the relevant context. And therefore, co-work gives me context. And therefore, co-work gives me context. And therefore, co-work gives me better answers and uses far fewer better answers and uses far fewer better answers and uses far fewer tokens. If you want to learn more about tokens. If you want to learn more about tokens. If you want to learn more about my co-work system, I'll leave a link to my co-work system, I'll leave a link to my co-work system, I'll leave a link to my free co-work toolkit down below. Once my free co-work toolkit down below. Once my free co-work toolkit down below. Once you get comfortable with Gemini Spark, you get comfortable with Gemini Spark, you get comfortable with Gemini Spark, here's how you can start building a here's how you can start building a here's how you can start building a system. Start a new chat and say, system. Start a new chat and say, system. Start a new chat and say, "Create a Google doc called Spark.mmd in "Create a Google doc called Spark.mmd in "Create a Google doc called Spark.mmd in my Spark OS folder to store all my Spark my Spark OS folder to store all my Spark my Spark OS folder to store all my Spark workspace rules. Add two rules for now. workspace rules. Add two rules for now. workspace rules. Add two rules for now. A communication rule to always lead with A communication rule to always lead with A communication rule to always lead with the bottom line up front, followed by the bottom line up front, followed by the bottom line up front, followed by supporting details, and a file rule to supporting details, and a file rule to supporting details, and a file rule to save every file you generate to my 99 save every file you generate to my 99 save every file you generate to my 99 folder by default. folder by default. folder by default. And a minute later, the doc shows up in And a minute later, the doc shows up in And a minute later, the doc shows up in my Spark OS folder with those two rules my Spark OS folder with those two rules my Spark OS folder with those two rules written in. Now, watch what I can do. I written in. Now, watch what I can do. I written in. Now, watch what I can do. I tell Spark, compare Google's AI strategy tell Spark, compare Google's AI strategy tell Spark, compare Google's AI strategy against Microsoft's and read Spark.mmd against Microsoft's and read Spark.mmd against Microsoft's and read Spark.mmd before responding. And after a minute or before responding. And after a minute or before responding. And after a minute or so, the answer comes back bottom line up so, the answer comes back bottom line up so, the answer comes back bottom line up first because Spark followed the rules first because Spark followed the rules first because Spark followed the rules from the Spark.m MD document. I'm going from the Spark.m MD document. I'm going from the Spark.m MD document. I'm going to stop here to avoid overwhelming you. to stop here to avoid overwhelming you. to stop here to avoid overwhelming you. But the broader principle is if you But the broader principle is if you But the broader principle is if you don't want to rely on Spark's blackbox don't want to rely on Spark's blackbox don't want to rely on Spark's blackbox memory, you can force it to follow your memory, you can force it to follow your memory, you can force it to follow your preferences every time by pointing it at preferences every time by pointing it at preferences every time by pointing it at a file you control, which is exactly how a file you control, which is exactly how a file you control, which is exactly how Cloud Co-work, Cloud Code, and Codeex Cloud Co-work, Cloud Code, and Codeex Cloud Co-work, Cloud Code, and Codeex work. Although we can't force Spark to work. Although we can't force Spark to work. Although we can't force Spark to read the Spark.md document automatically read the Spark.md document automatically read the Spark.md document automatically just yet, I have a feeling it's coming just yet, I have a feeling it's coming just yet, I have a feeling it's coming based on my interview with Josh based on my interview with Josh based on my interview with Josh Woodward, who's head of Gemini at Woodward, who's head of Gemini at Woodward, who's head of Gemini at Google. And the way you describe Gemini Google. And the way you describe Gemini Google. And the way you describe Gemini Spark is it sort of works automatically Spark is it sort of works automatically Spark is it sort of works automatically in the background. People don't really in the background. People don't really in the background. People don't really need to touch it. need to touch it. need to touch it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Is there going to be an option for power &gt;&gt; Is there going to be an option for power &gt;&gt; Is there going to be an option for power users to inject their own sort of users to inject their own sort of users to inject their own sort of control for Gemini Spark over the long control for Gemini Spark over the long control for Gemini Spark over the long term? term? term? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. So, kind of figuring out the &gt;&gt; Absolutely. So, kind of figuring out the &gt;&gt; Absolutely. So, kind of figuring out the right way to present all that, but right way to present all that, but right way to present all that, but definitely imagine you're going to be definitely imagine you're going to be definitely imagine you're going to be able to customize both on the more kind able to customize both on the more kind able to customize both on the more kind of traditional MD side as well as the of traditional MD side as well as the of traditional MD side as well as the skills side. skills side. skills side. &gt;&gt; If you found this helpful, you might &gt;&gt; If you found this helpful, you might &gt;&gt; If you found this helpful, you might want to check out my AI playlist next. want to check out my AI playlist next. want to check out my AI playlist next. See you on the next video. In the See you on the next video. In the See you on the next video. In the meantime, have a great one.
