Hello girls and boys how's it going? So Hello girls and boys how's it going? So Hello girls and boys how's it going? So Shraru the founder of Zoho made a Shraru the founder of Zoho made a Shraru the founder of Zoho made a comment some time back and he said comment some time back and he said comment some time back and he said software engineers should start looking software engineers should start looking software engineers should start looking at alternate careers. Now the internet at alternate careers. Now the internet at alternate careers. Now the internet completely lost it mind wherein Vinnie completely lost it mind wherein Vinnie completely lost it mind wherein Vinnie made this comment. In this video let us made this comment. In this video let us made this comment. In this video let us do something that nobody on YouTube is do something that nobody on YouTube is do something that nobody on YouTube is doing which is to understand how to doing which is to understand how to doing which is to understand how to dissect these statements that dissect these statements that dissect these statements that billionaires make because they aren't billionaires make because they aren't billionaires make because they aren't usually straight away applicable to you usually straight away applicable to you usually straight away applicable to you and me. Stay till the end because I'll and me. Stay till the end because I'll and me. Stay till the end because I'll give you a three-step framework on how give you a three-step framework on how give you a three-step framework on how to evaluate and understand things that a to evaluate and understand things that a to evaluate and understand things that a billionaire makes. There are a lot of billionaire makes. There are a lot of billionaire makes. There are a lot of nuances to it. Let's get started. So, let me give you the backstory to So, let me give you the backstory to So, let me give you the backstory to this. This didn't start with Vimu. It this. This didn't start with Vimu. It this. This didn't start with Vimu. It started with Daria, the co-founder of started with Daria, the co-founder of started with Daria, the co-founder of Anthropic, the company that made Claude Anthropic, the company that made Claude Anthropic, the company that made Claude Code. when he was in Davos in Jan, early Code. when he was in Davos in Jan, early Code. when he was in Davos in Jan, early of Jan this year, he made a statement of Jan this year, he made a statement of Jan this year, he made a statement and he said in the next 6 to 12 months and he said in the next 6 to 12 months and he said in the next 6 to 12 months AI agents will be able to do pretty much AI agents will be able to do pretty much AI agents will be able to do pretty much everything that a software engineer everything that a software engineer everything that a software engineer does. And Vimu replied to that and he does. And Vimu replied to that and he does. And Vimu replied to that and he said, uh, we need to listen to this man said, uh, we need to listen to this man said, uh, we need to listen to this man because he creates one of the most because he creates one of the most because he creates one of the most powerful coding softwares in the world. powerful coding softwares in the world. powerful coding softwares in the world. And the next day, Vimu tweeted this And the next day, Vimu tweeted this And the next day, Vimu tweeted this alternate profession tweet. So there's a alternate profession tweet. So there's a alternate profession tweet. So there's a progression to this. Now what you need progression to this. Now what you need progression to this. Now what you need to understand is when a billionaire to understand is when a billionaire to understand is when a billionaire makes a statement, it is not just a makes a statement, it is not just a makes a statement, it is not just a generic advice. There are lots of generic advice. There are lots of generic advice. There are lots of nuances and layers to that statement. In nuances and layers to that statement. In nuances and layers to that statement. In this video, I'm going to give you a this video, I'm going to give you a this video, I'm going to give you a three-step framework that you can use to three-step framework that you can use to three-step framework that you can use to figure out what to take away from a figure out what to take away from a figure out what to take away from a billionaire statement. Let's get into billionaire statement. Let's get into billionaire statement. Let's get into it. Right. So every time a tech CEO it. Right. So every time a tech CEO it. Right. So every time a tech CEO makes a bold public statement, I want makes a bold public statement, I want makes a bold public statement, I want you to run it through three questions, you to run it through three questions, you to run it through three questions, just three. If you do this, you will just three. If you do this, you will just three. If you do this, you will never panic react to a headline again. never panic react to a headline again. never panic react to a headline again. Question number one is what are they Question number one is what are they Question number one is what are they selling? Because understand this, every selling? Because understand this, every selling? Because understand this, every CEO is a salesman in the first shot and CEO is a salesman in the first shot and CEO is a salesman in the first shot and every statement that they make is made every statement that they make is made every statement that they make is made to serve their own organization. to serve their own organization. to serve their own organization. So for example when Enthropic CEO says So for example when Enthropic CEO says So for example when Enthropic CEO says that in the next 6 to 12 months all of a that in the next 6 to 12 months all of a that in the next 6 to 12 months all of a software engineers work will be done by software engineers work will be done by software engineers work will be done by AI agents implicitly he's pushing AI agents implicitly he's pushing AI agents implicitly he's pushing anthropic as the best agentic company as anthropic as the best agentic company as anthropic as the best agentic company as the company that makes the best AI the company that makes the best AI the company that makes the best AI agents out there. He's pushing that agents out there. He's pushing that agents out there. He's pushing that agenda. When Satya Nila says that 30% of agenda. When Satya Nila says that 30% of agenda. When Satya Nila says that 30% of the code at Microsoft is written by the code at Microsoft is written by the code at Microsoft is written by agents, he's in fact subtly pushing uh agents, he's in fact subtly pushing uh agents, he's in fact subtly pushing uh GitHub agents, GitHub copilot, Microsoft GitHub agents, GitHub copilot, Microsoft GitHub agents, GitHub copilot, Microsoft copilot, all of this and even the open copilot, all of this and even the open copilot, all of this and even the open AI entire stack when the founder of AI entire stack when the founder of AI entire stack when the founder of LinkedIn says that the five-year work LinkedIn says that the five-year work LinkedIn says that the five-year work plan is dead and then he push he plan is dead and then he push he plan is dead and then he push he publishes a book on how to be relevant publishes a book on how to be relevant publishes a book on how to be relevant in the age of AI. Hey, he's in fact in the age of AI. Hey, he's in fact in the age of AI. Hey, he's in fact certainly pushing certainly pushing certainly pushing um the LinkedIn's agenda of courses, of um the LinkedIn's agenda of courses, of um the LinkedIn's agenda of courses, of their learning modules, all of that. their learning modules, all of that. their learning modules, all of that. Now, understand this. Now, understand this. Now, understand this. Now, I'm not saying that all of these Now, I'm not saying that all of these Now, I'm not saying that all of these folks are lying. In fact, what I'm folks are lying. In fact, what I'm folks are lying. In fact, what I'm saying is that they all have an agenda saying is that they all have an agenda saying is that they all have an agenda on what they are saying. They are on what they are saying. They are on what they are saying. They are playing a different game. And if we playing a different game. And if we playing a different game. And if we don't understand the game that they are don't understand the game that they are don't understand the game that they are playing, you end up playing their game playing, you end up playing their game playing, you end up playing their game and not your game. When Dario says that and not your game. When Dario says that and not your game. When Dario says that his engineers do not hand write code his engineers do not hand write code his engineers do not hand write code anymore, he's stopping talking about anymore, he's stopping talking about anymore, he's stopping talking about Enthropic, a company which is based in Enthropic, a company which is based in Enthropic, a company which is based in Silicon Valley which has the top talent Silicon Valley which has the top talent Silicon Valley which has the top talent in the world and they are creating the in the world and they are creating the in the world and they are creating the most frontier models in the world. He's most frontier models in the world. He's most frontier models in the world. He's not talking about the TCS project in not talking about the TCS project in not talking about the TCS project in Hyderabad. He's not even talking about Hyderabad. He's not even talking about Hyderabad. He's not even talking about the maintenance project in Punea. He's the maintenance project in Punea. He's the maintenance project in Punea. He's talking about top-of-the-line work. When talking about top-of-the-line work. When talking about top-of-the-line work. When Vimu talks about an alternate Vimu talks about an alternate Vimu talks about an alternate profession, he's talking about it from profession, he's talking about it from profession, he's talking about it from his context of having a billiondoll his context of having a billiondoll his context of having a billiondoll company under his belt and sitting at company under his belt and sitting at company under his belt and sitting at his village and running all the his village and running all the his village and running all the operations from there. The advice is operations from there. The advice is operations from there. The advice is valid, but it's generic. It is from his valid, but it's generic. It is from his valid, but it's generic. It is from his context. Is it valid for you a person context. Is it valid for you a person context. Is it valid for you a person passed out from a tier 2 college working passed out from a tier 2 college working passed out from a tier 2 college working in one of the IT services companies in one of the IT services companies in one of the IT services companies sitting in NASC? Is it even valid for sitting in NASC? Is it even valid for sitting in NASC? Is it even valid for you who's working at a startup in you who's working at a startup in you who's working at a startup in Bangalore? Most probably not. So Bangalore? Most probably not. So Bangalore? Most probably not. So understand the context and the nuance understand the context and the nuance understand the context and the nuance the br the the billionaire context is the br the the billionaire context is the br the the billionaire context is different. Your context is different. different. Your context is different. different. Your context is different. The third question, what did they say in The third question, what did they say in The third question, what did they say in the same breath that did not make the the same breath that did not make the the same breath that did not make the headline because we all know it headline because we all know it headline because we all know it headlines always miss the nuances. So headlines always miss the nuances. So headlines always miss the nuances. So when uh this guy Nadella said about the when uh this guy Nadella said about the when uh this guy Nadella said about the 30% code in that same breath he said 30% code in that same breath he said 30% code in that same breath he said that these things take uh not just that these things take uh not just that these things take uh not just software but also management change and software but also management change and software but also management change and that takes several years. Even the that takes several years. Even the that takes several years. Even the LinkedIn guy when he spoke about the uh LinkedIn guy when he spoke about the uh LinkedIn guy when he spoke about the uh loss of the 5-year plan in that same loss of the 5-year plan in that same loss of the 5-year plan in that same interview he spoke about how empathy interview he spoke about how empathy interview he spoke about how empathy communication and onetoone personal communication and onetoone personal communication and onetoone personal connect is important but that didn't connect is important but that didn't connect is important but that didn't make the headline did it even in case make the headline did it even in case make the headline did it even in case when he made that alternate career I'm when he made that alternate career I'm when he made that alternate career I'm going to quote what he said which is going to quote what he said which is going to quote what he said which is very very interesting he said I say this very very interesting he said I say this very very interesting he said I say this in I don't say this in panic in I don't say this in panic in I don't say this in panic but calm acceptance. The internet kept but calm acceptance. The internet kept but calm acceptance. The internet kept the panic, removed the calm acceptance. the panic, removed the calm acceptance. the panic, removed the calm acceptance. So, you see where I'm going with this. So, you see where I'm going with this. So, you see where I'm going with this. So, every time you hear a billionaire So, every time you hear a billionaire So, every time you hear a billionaire CEO make a statement, ask the three CEO make a statement, ask the three CEO make a statement, ask the three questions. What are they trying to sell? questions. What are they trying to sell? questions. What are they trying to sell? What is their context? And what is the What is their context? And what is the What is their context? And what is the story that didn't make the headlines? If story that didn't make the headlines? If story that didn't make the headlines? If you apply these three filters, I can you apply these three filters, I can you apply these three filters, I can promise you, you will cut through more promise you, you will cut through more promise you, you will cut through more than 90% of the noise. If you understand than 90% of the noise. If you understand than 90% of the noise. If you understand this, comment three questions and I will this, comment three questions and I will this, comment three questions and I will know that you're with me. So there are know that you're with me. So there are know that you're with me. So there are two kinds of people who are watching two kinds of people who are watching two kinds of people who are watching this video right now. One is the this video right now. One is the this video right now. One is the ostrich. The ostrich is the person who ostrich. The ostrich is the person who ostrich. The ostrich is the person who has the head in the sand and they are has the head in the sand and they are has the head in the sand and they are going this AI thing won't affect me. going this AI thing won't affect me. going this AI thing won't affect me. I've been in Java for the last 8 years. I've been in Java for the last 8 years. I've been in Java for the last 8 years. The company needs me. Sure. I wish you The company needs me. Sure. I wish you The company needs me. Sure. I wish you all the best my friend but talk to me. all the best my friend but talk to me. all the best my friend but talk to me. Watch me in the next 6 months, one year Watch me in the next 6 months, one year Watch me in the next 6 months, one year where things could change very very where things could change very very where things could change very very rapidly and you will have no clue what happened. So you will have no clue what happened. So you will have no clue what happened. So wake up and smell the coffee. The second wake up and smell the coffee. The second wake up and smell the coffee. The second kind of person is the paranoid. The kind of person is the paranoid. The kind of person is the paranoid. The person who's reading each and every person who's reading each and every person who's reading each and every tweet, every article, every nuance about tweet, every article, every nuance about tweet, every article, every nuance about AI and going bonkers in his head. One AI and going bonkers in his head. One AI and going bonkers in his head. One week it is Kubernetes. The second week week it is Kubernetes. The second week week it is Kubernetes. The second week it is cloud. The third week week it is it is cloud. The third week week it is it is cloud. The third week week it is open AI going all over the place. The open AI going all over the place. The open AI going all over the place. The fourth week it is even hey should I fourth week it is even hey should I fourth week it is even hey should I leave all this crap and open a leave all this crap and open a leave all this crap and open a restaurant restaurant restaurant or maybe let's do a farmhouse and do or maybe let's do a farmhouse and do or maybe let's do a farmhouse and do Airbnb. They're not sticking at any Airbnb. They're not sticking at any Airbnb. They're not sticking at any place and going mental in their head. place and going mental in their head. place and going mental in their head. The real solution is somewhere in the The real solution is somewhere in the The real solution is somewhere in the middle. Not to be an ostrich, not to middle. Not to be an ostrich, not to middle. Not to be an ostrich, not to panic at everything. What does that panic at everything. What does that panic at everything. What does that mean? That means whatever you're doing mean? That means whatever you're doing mean? That means whatever you're doing right now, first go deep. Go very very right now, first go deep. Go very very right now, first go deep. Go very very deep in that area in your subject deep in that area in your subject deep in that area in your subject matter. Once you get a sub subsequent matter. Once you get a sub subsequent matter. Once you get a sub subsequent depth, then start going wide. What does depth, then start going wide. What does depth, then start going wide. What does that mean? If you're a DevOps engineer that mean? If you're a DevOps engineer that mean? If you're a DevOps engineer and you have understanding of how to and you have understanding of how to and you have understanding of how to debug production issues, how the entire debug production issues, how the entire debug production issues, how the entire CI/CD pipeline works, not just around CI/CD pipeline works, not just around CI/CD pipeline works, not just around tooling, how the structure works. I've tooling, how the structure works. I've tooling, how the structure works. I've explained this in a lot of my videos. explained this in a lot of my videos. explained this in a lot of my videos. Once you have that level of depth of Once you have that level of depth of Once you have that level of depth of understanding, then you start going wide understanding, then you start going wide understanding, then you start going wide in DevOps. You start looking at S sur, in DevOps. You start looking at S sur, in DevOps. You start looking at S sur, you start looking at platform you start looking at platform you start looking at platform engineering. What is that? How does it engineering. What is that? How does it engineering. What is that? How does it work? What are the roles? What kind of work? What are the roles? What kind of work? What are the roles? What kind of skill do they need? That makes you skill do they need? That makes you skill do they need? That makes you irreplaceable. And the same algorithm irreplaceable. And the same algorithm irreplaceable. And the same algorithm works whether you are a manual tester. works whether you are a manual tester. works whether you are a manual tester. Start going from manual testing to Start going from manual testing to Start going from manual testing to automated testing. The days of selenium automated testing. The days of selenium automated testing. The days of selenium and everything is gone. Look at and everything is gone. Look at and everything is gone. Look at playride. Look at how the new AI tools playride. Look at how the new AI tools playride. Look at how the new AI tools are able to write play scripts through are able to write play scripts through are able to write play scripts through AI through prompting. Study that. Go AI through prompting. Study that. Go AI through prompting. Study that. Go deep. Go wide. Now, if this video made deep. Go wide. Now, if this video made deep. Go wide. Now, if this video made sense, be honest with you and make a sense, be honest with you and make a sense, be honest with you and make a comment on YouTube saying, "So far, have comment on YouTube saying, "So far, have comment on YouTube saying, "So far, have you been a paranoid or an ostrich?" I'll you been a paranoid or an ostrich?" I'll you been a paranoid or an ostrich?" I'll see you in the next one. Cheers.
