Okay, so we all know AI models are Okay, so we all know AI models are Okay, so we all know AI models are getting crazy powerful, right? But getting crazy powerful, right? But getting crazy powerful, right? But they're also, well, they're wildly they're also, well, they're wildly they're also, well, they're wildly unpredictable. So, how do you actually unpredictable. So, how do you actually unpredictable. So, how do you actually take all that raw chaotic power and make take all that raw chaotic power and make take all that raw chaotic power and make it reliable enough for the real world? it reliable enough for the real world? it reliable enough for the real world? Today, we're going to dive into guard Today, we're going to dive into guard Today, we're going to dive into guard rails AI, a framework that's designed to rails AI, a framework that's designed to rails AI, a framework that's designed to do exactly that, to put a muchneeded do exactly that, to put a muchneeded do exactly that, to put a muchneeded safety net on these powerful models. I safety net on these powerful models. I safety net on these powerful models. I mean, really think about it for a mean, really think about it for a mean, really think about it for a second. Let's say you've built this second. Let's say you've built this second. Let's say you've built this amazing AI powered customer service bot, amazing AI powered customer service bot, amazing AI powered customer service bot, but what happens when it starts just but what happens when it starts just but what happens when it starts just making up facts or even worse, it spits making up facts or even worse, it spits making up facts or even worse, it spits out something offensive? The moment you out something offensive? The moment you out something offensive? The moment you move from a fun little experiment to a move from a fun little experiment to a move from a fun little experiment to a real production app, these aren't just real production app, these aren't just real production app, these aren't just quirks anymore. They're critical quirks anymore. They're critical quirks anymore. They're critical failures that can totally tank your failures that can totally tank your failures that can totally tank your reputation and break your users's trust. reputation and break your users's trust. reputation and break your users's trust. And that brings us right to the heart of And that brings us right to the heart of And that brings us right to the heart of the matter, AI's big reliability the matter, AI's big reliability the matter, AI's big reliability problem. We're talking about the problem. We're talking about the problem. We're talking about the dangerous and yeah, frankly, the dangerous and yeah, frankly, the dangerous and yeah, frankly, the expensive flaws that pop up when these expensive flaws that pop up when these expensive flaws that pop up when these large language models are left large language models are left large language models are left completely unchecked. You see, the completely unchecked. You see, the completely unchecked. You see, the fundamental issue with LLMs is that fundamental issue with LLMs is that fundamental issue with LLMs is that they're non-deterministic. They might they're non-deterministic. They might they're non-deterministic. They might just hallucinate facts, generate some just hallucinate facts, generate some just hallucinate facts, generate some really harmful content, return data in a really harmful content, return data in a really harmful content, return data in a completely busted format, like bad JSON, completely busted format, like bad JSON, completely busted format, like bad JSON, or, and this is a frustrating one, just or, and this is a frustrating one, just or, and this is a frustrating one, just flat out ignore the careful instructions flat out ignore the careful instructions flat out ignore the careful instructions you gave it. Now, in development, that's you gave it. Now, in development, that's you gave it. Now, in development, that's maybe just an annoyance, but in maybe just an annoyance, but in maybe just an annoyance, but in production, sometimes failing is the production, sometimes failing is the production, sometimes failing is the exact same thing as always failing. You exact same thing as always failing. You exact same thing as always failing. You just can't build a reliable product on just can't build a reliable product on just can't build a reliable product on top of that kind of unpredictability. top of that kind of unpredictability. top of that kind of unpredictability. So, if that's the problem, what's the So, if that's the problem, what's the So, if that's the problem, what's the solution? Well, this is exactly where solution? Well, this is exactly where solution? Well, this is exactly where Guard Rails AI enters the picture. The Guard Rails AI enters the picture. The Guard Rails AI enters the picture. The best way to think about it isn't as a best way to think about it isn't as a best way to think about it isn't as a new model, but more like an essential new model, but more like an essential new model, but more like an essential quality assurance layer that you wrap quality assurance layer that you wrap quality assurance layer that you wrap around the AI you're already using. At around the AI you're already using. At around the AI you're already using. At its core, Guardrails is an open-source its core, Guardrails is an open-source its core, Guardrails is an open-source tool that basically acts as a tool that basically acts as a tool that basically acts as a gatekeeper. But it doesn't just block gatekeeper. But it doesn't just block gatekeeper. But it doesn't just block bad outputs. It actively validates them. bad outputs. It actively validates them. bad outputs. It actively validates them. It tries to correct them, and it makes It tries to correct them, and it makes It tries to correct them, and it makes sure that what comes out of your LLM is sure that what comes out of your LLM is sure that what comes out of your LLM is exactly what you need it to be. And the exactly what you need it to be. And the exactly what you need it to be. And the best part, it all happens automatically best part, it all happens automatically best part, it all happens automatically in the background. This analogy right in the background. This analogy right in the background. This analogy right here just nails it. Using an AI without here just nails it. Using an AI without here just nails it. Using an AI without guard rails, it's like running a factory guard rails, it's like running a factory guard rails, it's like running a factory with zero quality control. Yeah, sure, with zero quality control. Yeah, sure, with zero quality control. Yeah, sure, most of your products might be fine, but most of your products might be fine, but most of your products might be fine, but you're knowingly shipping defective ones you're knowingly shipping defective ones you're knowingly shipping defective ones out to your customers. Guard rails, on out to your customers. Guard rails, on out to your customers. Guard rails, on the other hand, is like installing a the other hand, is like installing a the other hand, is like installing a fully automated inspection line. Every fully automated inspection line. Every fully automated inspection line. Every single output gets checked, and only the single output gets checked, and only the single output gets checked, and only the highquality, correct ones are allowed to highquality, correct ones are allowed to highquality, correct ones are allowed to make it out the door. Okay, so how does make it out the door. Okay, so how does make it out the door. Okay, so how does this automated inspection line actually this automated inspection line actually this automated inspection line actually work its magic? It really all boils down work its magic? It really all boils down work its magic? It really all boils down to three key pillars of protection that to three key pillars of protection that to three key pillars of protection that work together to enforce quality and, work together to enforce quality and, work together to enforce quality and, you know, safety. First up, you've got you know, safety. First up, you've got you know, safety. First up, you've got validation. This is where you set the validation. This is where you set the validation. This is where you set the rules. Is the output free of profanity? rules. Is the output free of profanity? rules. Is the output free of profanity? Is it factually on point? Is the tone Is it factually on point? Is the tone Is it factually on point? Is the tone right? Second, there's correction. Now, right? Second, there's correction. Now, right? Second, there's correction. Now, if an output fails one of those checks, if an output fails one of those checks, if an output fails one of those checks, Guardrails doesn't just give up. It can Guardrails doesn't just give up. It can Guardrails doesn't just give up. It can automatically retry, maybe with a automatically retry, maybe with a automatically retry, maybe with a slightly different prompt to get a slightly different prompt to get a slightly different prompt to get a better result. And third, there's better result. And third, there's better result. And third, there's structure. For developers, this one is structure. For developers, this one is structure. For developers, this one is huge. You can force the AI to return huge. You can force the AI to return huge. You can force the AI to return perfectly formatted data like a specific perfectly formatted data like a specific perfectly formatted data like a specific JSON schema every single time. No more JSON schema every single time. No more JSON schema every single time. No more guesswork. And get this, you don't have guesswork. And get this, you don't have guesswork. And get this, you don't have to start from scratch. Guardrails comes to start from scratch. Guardrails comes to start from scratch. Guardrails comes with a library of over 30 pre-built with a library of over 30 pre-built with a library of over 30 pre-built validators for all the common stuff. You validators for all the common stuff. You validators for all the common stuff. You know, things like checking for toxicity, know, things like checking for toxicity, know, things like checking for toxicity, making sure code is actually executable, making sure code is actually executable, making sure code is actually executable, or even detecting if the AI is trying to or even detecting if the AI is trying to or even detecting if the AI is trying to badmouth its competitors. This means you badmouth its competitors. This means you badmouth its competitors. This means you get a ton of protection right out of the get a ton of protection right out of the get a ton of protection right out of the box. All right, so that's the theory. box. All right, so that's the theory. box. All right, so that's the theory. Let's see how this actually builds from Let's see how this actually builds from Let's see how this actually builds from a concept into something you can use. a concept into something you can use. a concept into something you can use. How did teams take guard rails and put How did teams take guard rails and put How did teams take guard rails and put it into practice in real live production it into practice in real live production it into practice in real live production systems? Well, the primary users are systems? Well, the primary users are systems? Well, the primary users are pretty much exactly who you'd expect. pretty much exactly who you'd expect. pretty much exactly who you'd expect. You've got production engineering teams You've got production engineering teams You've got production engineering teams who live and breathe uptime and who live and breathe uptime and who live and breathe uptime and reliability. You've got AI safety and reliability. You've got AI safety and reliability. You've got AI safety and compliance teams, especially in compliance teams, especially in compliance teams, especially in regulated fields like finance or regulated fields like finance or regulated fields like finance or healthcare. And really, it's for any healthcare. And really, it's for any healthcare. And really, it's for any enterprise developer who has absolutely enterprise developer who has absolutely enterprise developer who has absolutely zero tolerance for AI errors getting in zero tolerance for AI errors getting in zero tolerance for AI errors getting in front of a customer. You know, one of front of a customer. You know, one of front of a customer. You know, one of the best things here is how accessible the best things here is how accessible the best things here is how accessible it is. Getting started isn't some it is. Getting started isn't some it is. Getting started isn't some complex multi-day integration. It's as complex multi-day integration. It's as complex multi-day integration. It's as simple as a single command. pip install simple as a single command. pip install simple as a single command. pip install guardrails-ai. guardrails-ai. guardrails-ai. That's it. This means you can start That's it. This means you can start That's it. This means you can start adding this critical safety layer to adding this critical safety layer to adding this critical safety layer to your project in minutes, not days. Now, your project in minutes, not days. Now, your project in minutes, not days. Now, like any tool, it's super important to like any tool, it's super important to like any tool, it's super important to know when to use it and when not to. So, know when to use it and when not to. So, know when to use it and when not to. So, let's talk about finding that right fit let's talk about finding that right fit let's talk about finding that right fit and figuring out if guardrails is the and figuring out if guardrails is the and figuring out if guardrails is the solution that you've been looking for. solution that you've been looking for. solution that you've been looking for. So, here's the bottom line. If you are So, here's the bottom line. If you are So, here's the bottom line. If you are in production, if safety and compliance in production, if safety and compliance in production, if safety and compliance are totally non-negotiable, or if you are totally non-negotiable, or if you are totally non-negotiable, or if you absolutely need structured data, then absolutely need structured data, then absolutely need structured data, then Guardrails is built for you. But look, Guardrails is built for you. But look, Guardrails is built for you. But look, if you're just prototyping and messing if you're just prototyping and messing if you're just prototyping and messing around, or if your application can around, or if your application can around, or if your application can handle a pretty flexible output format, handle a pretty flexible output format, handle a pretty flexible output format, the extra overhead might not be the extra overhead might not be the extra overhead might not be necessary. It's also worth pointing out necessary. It's also worth pointing out necessary. It's also worth pointing out that all this validation adds a tiny bit that all this validation adds a tiny bit that all this validation adds a tiny bit of time. So, if ultra low latency is of time. So, if ultra low latency is of time. So, if ultra low latency is your number one absolute top priority, your number one absolute top priority, your number one absolute top priority, that's a trade-off you got to consider. that's a trade-off you got to consider. that's a trade-off you got to consider. And when you look at the whole ecosystem And when you look at the whole ecosystem And when you look at the whole ecosystem of tools out there, you can really see of tools out there, you can really see of tools out there, you can really see where Guardrails carves out its own where Guardrails carves out its own where Guardrails carves out its own unique space. Tools like Instructor are unique space. Tools like Instructor are unique space. Tools like Instructor are fantastic, but they focus mostly on fantastic, but they focus mostly on fantastic, but they focus mostly on getting that structured output. getting that structured output. getting that structured output. Guardrails does that too, but its main Guardrails does that too, but its main Guardrails does that too, but its main differentiator is that deep, deep focus differentiator is that deep, deep focus differentiator is that deep, deep focus on validation and critically the on validation and critically the on validation and critically the automatic correction and retry logic. automatic correction and retry logic. automatic correction and retry logic. It's just a much more comprehensive It's just a much more comprehensive It's just a much more comprehensive safety system. So to wrap this all up, safety system. So to wrap this all up, safety system. So to wrap this all up, let's hit the key takeaways. First, let's hit the key takeaways. First, let's hit the key takeaways. First, guardrails AI isn't another language guardrails AI isn't another language guardrails AI isn't another language model. It's that essential safety layer model. It's that essential safety layer model. It's that essential safety layer that sits on top of one. Second, its that sits on top of one. Second, its that sits on top of one. Second, its real power comes from that three-part real power comes from that three-part real power comes from that three-part combo of validating, automatically combo of validating, automatically combo of validating, automatically correcting, and structuring outputs. And correcting, and structuring outputs. And correcting, and structuring outputs. And finally, it's purpose-built for finally, it's purpose-built for finally, it's purpose-built for production systems where you simply production systems where you simply production systems where you simply cannot leave quality and safety up to cannot leave quality and safety up to cannot leave quality and safety up to chance. And that leaves us with a final chance. And that leaves us with a final chance. And that leaves us with a final question to think about. As these AI question to think about. As these AI question to think about. As these AI models get more and more powerful and models get more and more powerful and models get more and more powerful and more integrated into everything we do, more integrated into everything we do, more integrated into everything we do, is this kind of rigorous output is this kind of rigorous output is this kind of rigorous output validation just a a nice to have feature validation just a a nice to have feature validation just a a nice to have feature anymore, or is it becoming an absolutely anymore, or is it becoming an absolutely anymore, or is it becoming an absolutely essential part of building responsible essential part of building responsible essential part of building responsible AI? I think the answer is becoming AI? I think the answer is becoming AI? I think the answer is becoming clearer every single day.
