AI agents are undoubtedly the heat of AI agents are undoubtedly the heat of AI agents are undoubtedly the heat of 2025 2025 2025 and the team from Lankchain have and the team from Lankchain have and the team from Lankchain have surveyed over 1,300 people in order to surveyed over 1,300 people in order to surveyed over 1,300 people in order to understand how AI agents are being used understand how AI agents are being used understand how AI agents are being used and how are they being deployed. In this and how are they being deployed. In this and how are they being deployed. In this video we're going to see how many people video we're going to see how many people video we're going to see how many people are actually running AI agents in are actually running AI agents in are actually running AI agents in production. What are the common production. What are the common production. What are the common objections and problems with deploying objections and problems with deploying objections and problems with deploying those types of agents? How those systems those types of agents? How those systems those types of agents? How those systems are being evaluated and whether or not are being evaluated and whether or not are being evaluated and whether or not this is being done at all and we are this is being done at all and we are this is being done at all and we are going to check which are the leading going to check which are the leading going to check which are the leading providers and models that are actually providers and models that are actually providers and models that are actually being used in production. Let's get being used in production. Let's get being used in production. Let's get started. If you want to become a better started. If you want to become a better started. If you want to become a better AI engineer and learn how to build and AI engineer and learn how to build and AI engineer and learn how to build and deploy lang chain and langraph deploy lang chain and langraph deploy lang chain and langraph applications, go and subscribe to Moxare applications, go and subscribe to Moxare applications, go and subscribe to Moxare Pro. There you're going to find a Pro. There you're going to find a Pro. There you're going to find a complete AI engineering academy that complete AI engineering academy that complete AI engineering academy that starts from setting up your development starts from setting up your development starts from setting up your development environment and goes through how you can environment and goes through how you can environment and goes through how you can set up your own local, how you can build set up your own local, how you can build set up your own local, how you can build racks, coox AI agents and how you can racks, coox AI agents and how you can racks, coox AI agents and how you can deploy everything into production. So if deploy everything into production. So if deploy everything into production. So if you want to become a better AI engineer you want to become a better AI engineer you want to become a better AI engineer today, go and subscribe to AMX for Pro. today, go and subscribe to AMX for Pro. today, go and subscribe to AMX for Pro. Thank you. This particular survey was Thank you. This particular survey was Thank you. This particular survey was conducted for two weeks between November conducted for two weeks between November conducted for two weeks between November 18 and the start of December. And the 18 and the start of December. And the 18 and the start of December. And the most predominant company size here was most predominant company size here was most predominant company size here was under 100 people. There is no further under 100 people. There is no further under 100 people. There is no further divide between 100 and let's say 10 20 divide between 100 and let's say 10 20 divide between 100 and let's say 10 20 30 etc. From there you also can see that 30 etc. From there you also can see that 30 etc. From there you also can see that the technology was predominant uh the technology was predominant uh the technology was predominant uh industry here about 63% of the industry here about 63% of the industry here about 63% of the respondents were in that field. On top respondents were in that field. On top respondents were in that field. On top of that, uh the survey suggests that not of that, uh the survey suggests that not of that, uh the survey suggests that not only engineers were asked about their only engineers were asked about their only engineers were asked about their usage of AI agents. And as you might usage of AI agents. And as you might usage of AI agents. And as you might have already observed, the term AI agent have already observed, the term AI agent have already observed, the term AI agent is very heavily overloaded for marketing is very heavily overloaded for marketing is very heavily overloaded for marketing purposes. And even in some cases, just a purposes. And even in some cases, just a purposes. And even in some cases, just a single LM call is being called an AI single LM call is being called an AI single LM call is being called an AI agent. So keep that in mind when we are agent. So keep that in mind when we are agent. So keep that in mind when we are going through the data and the analysis going through the data and the analysis going through the data and the analysis and take everything with a grain of and take everything with a grain of and take everything with a grain of salt. Right at the start, the authors salt. Right at the start, the authors salt. Right at the start, the authors are saying that about 57% of the are saying that about 57% of the are saying that about 57% of the respondents are having AI agents in respondents are having AI agents in respondents are having AI agents in production which is a huge boost production which is a huge boost production which is a huge boost compared to the previous year's survey. compared to the previous year's survey. compared to the previous year's survey. And the most important production And the most important production And the most important production keyword is the quality of the outputs. keyword is the quality of the outputs. keyword is the quality of the outputs. So if you don't think that AI swap is a So if you don't think that AI swap is a So if you don't think that AI swap is a real thing, well this survey suggests real thing, well this survey suggests real thing, well this survey suggests that it is. And here they state that that it is. And here they state that that it is. And here they state that about 32% of the people are citing this about 32% of the people are citing this about 32% of the people are citing this as a top barrier to implementing AI as a top barrier to implementing AI as a top barrier to implementing AI agents in production. Then for the use agents in production. Then for the use agents in production. Then for the use of different types of models, OpenAI of different types of models, OpenAI of different types of models, OpenAI seems to be the leading that is seems to be the leading that is seems to be the leading that is providing inference for the AI agents. providing inference for the AI agents. providing inference for the AI agents. But Gemini and quote, so Google and But Gemini and quote, so Google and But Gemini and quote, so Google and Antropic are very close. The author Antropic are very close. The author Antropic are very close. The author state that adoption is real and we have state that adoption is real and we have state that adoption is real and we have about 6% increase within the respondents about 6% increase within the respondents about 6% increase within the respondents of people that now have AI agents in of people that now have AI agents in of people that now have AI agents in production. This is not a huge bump, but production. This is not a huge bump, but production. This is not a huge bump, but uh let's not kid ourselves. Running uh let's not kid ourselves. Running uh let's not kid ourselves. Running agents in production is not that easy. I agents in production is not that easy. I agents in production is not that easy. I mean the initial deployment is mean the initial deployment is mean the initial deployment is relatively straightforward but during relatively straightforward but during relatively straightforward but during production environments you can stumble production environments you can stumble production environments you can stumble on a lot of errors hallucinations. What on a lot of errors hallucinations. What on a lot of errors hallucinations. What was surprising for me was this chart. was surprising for me was this chart. was surprising for me was this chart. Enterprise companies seems to be Enterprise companies seems to be Enterprise companies seems to be adopting and putting agents into adopting and putting agents into adopting and putting agents into production much more heavily compared to production much more heavily compared to production much more heavily compared to even startups and scaleups. Again, this even startups and scaleups. Again, this even startups and scaleups. Again, this might be just a marketing gimmick. I'm might be just a marketing gimmick. I'm might be just a marketing gimmick. I'm not really sure what agents are mostly not really sure what agents are mostly not really sure what agents are mostly being used when deployed are customer being used when deployed are customer being used when deployed are customer service and research and data analysis. service and research and data analysis. service and research and data analysis. These two categories make about 50% of These two categories make about 50% of These two categories make about 50% of the use cases. And then we have on a the use cases. And then we have on a the use cases. And then we have on a third place internal productivity. So I third place internal productivity. So I third place internal productivity. So I would suggest that this means that would suggest that this means that would suggest that this means that companies are using their AI agents for companies are using their AI agents for companies are using their AI agents for internal tooling and speeding up the internal tooling and speeding up the internal tooling and speeding up the productivity of their employees. The productivity of their employees. The productivity of their employees. The fourth place is for code generation. fourth place is for code generation. fourth place is for code generation. Probably me, you and a lot more Probably me, you and a lot more Probably me, you and a lot more engineers are actually using the IDEs engineers are actually using the IDEs engineers are actually using the IDEs that have agentic coding integration. that have agentic coding integration. that have agentic coding integration. After that you can see that on fifth After that you can see that on fifth After that you can see that on fifth place we have content generation and place we have content generation and place we have content generation and sales and marketing automation. Probably sales and marketing automation. Probably sales and marketing automation. Probably uh some of the people are doing both of uh some of the people are doing both of uh some of the people are doing both of these. The biggest blocker to putting these. The biggest blocker to putting these. The biggest blocker to putting agents to production according to the agents to production according to the agents to production according to the people that were surveyed was the people that were surveyed was the people that were surveyed was the quality of outputs and probably you quality of outputs and probably you quality of outputs and probably you yourself can attest to that. Even with yourself can attest to that. Even with yourself can attest to that. Even with the Frontier OM that are very expensive the Frontier OM that are very expensive the Frontier OM that are very expensive via their APIs, it seems like that there via their APIs, it seems like that there via their APIs, it seems like that there are cases where the models are not are cases where the models are not are cases where the models are not delivering on the promise of getting a delivering on the promise of getting a delivering on the promise of getting a smart responses and this seems to be the smart responses and this seems to be the smart responses and this seems to be the case to a lot of the people and teams case to a lot of the people and teams case to a lot of the people and teams that are working with those. Of course, that are working with those. Of course, that are working with those. Of course, this might be a combination of incorrect this might be a combination of incorrect this might be a combination of incorrect prompting, bad choice of the models prompting, bad choice of the models prompting, bad choice of the models themselves, and of course, not using themselves, and of course, not using themselves, and of course, not using structured outputs in order to get the structured outputs in order to get the structured outputs in order to get the correct uh results. But even with all of correct uh results. But even with all of correct uh results. But even with all of those approaches, you might still get those approaches, you might still get those approaches, you might still get output that is not of high quality. The output that is not of high quality. The output that is not of high quality. The next point here seems to be latency and next point here seems to be latency and next point here seems to be latency and response time. Some of the even bigger response time. Some of the even bigger response time. Some of the even bigger WS and companies have downtimes and WS and companies have downtimes and WS and companies have downtimes and sometimes the responses are relatively sometimes the responses are relatively sometimes the responses are relatively slow compared to what you might need to slow compared to what you might need to slow compared to what you might need to run a model in production. From there run a model in production. From there run a model in production. From there you can see that security and compliance you can see that security and compliance you can see that security and compliance is in a third spot for local or private is in a third spot for local or private is in a third spot for local or private models. This seems to be a winning models. This seems to be a winning models. This seems to be a winning position since if you are deploying position since if you are deploying position since if you are deploying internal AOM within those companies, you internal AOM within those companies, you internal AOM within those companies, you might be able to win them over and offer might be able to win them over and offer might be able to win them over and offer them a completely private and local AOM them a completely private and local AOM them a completely private and local AOM solution. It is interesting to me that solution. It is interesting to me that solution. It is interesting to me that cost management is on fifth place since cost management is on fifth place since cost management is on fifth place since a lot of those models can be very costly a lot of those models can be very costly a lot of those models can be very costly to run in production. But of course the to run in production. But of course the to run in production. But of course the smaller and faster models are what most smaller and faster models are what most smaller and faster models are what most of the companies are using as their of the companies are using as their of the companies are using as their workh horses and those are much much workh horses and those are much much workh horses and those are much much cheaper compared to the frontier models. cheaper compared to the frontier models. cheaper compared to the frontier models. A lot of the people actually that have A lot of the people actually that have A lot of the people actually that have the deployment in production can trace the deployment in production can trace the deployment in production can trace individual agent steps and to call and individual agent steps and to call and individual agent steps and to call and this is around 62 to 63%. This is a very this is around 62 to 63%. This is a very this is around 62 to 63%. This is a very high percentage of what I have expected. high percentage of what I have expected. high percentage of what I have expected. But when earning those types of agents But when earning those types of agents But when earning those types of agents in production, this is really a must in production, this is really a must in production, this is really a must have if you want to have a good way to have if you want to have a good way to have if you want to have a good way to debug and possibly improve your AI debug and possibly improve your AI debug and possibly improve your AI agents. A lotless people are running agents. A lotless people are running agents. A lotless people are running evaluations on their agentic systems and evaluations on their agentic systems and evaluations on their agentic systems and the predominant way to do that is using the predominant way to do that is using the predominant way to do that is using offline testing or having a test sets. A offline testing or having a test sets. A offline testing or having a test sets. A lot of people are also running online lot of people are also running online lot of people are also running online testing or testing against their testing or testing against their testing or testing against their production systems. It might be a bit of production systems. It might be a bit of production systems. It might be a bit of a surprise for you, but the most a surprise for you, but the most a surprise for you, but the most commonly used metric in production for commonly used metric in production for commonly used metric in production for the evolution of those systems still the evolution of those systems still the evolution of those systems still remain to be human reviews. About 60% of remain to be human reviews. About 60% of remain to be human reviews. About 60% of the people that are building agentic the people that are building agentic the people that are building agentic systems are still using human review. systems are still using human review. systems are still using human review. And while we got a much more powerful And while we got a much more powerful And while we got a much more powerful Loom this year from the frontier WS, it Loom this year from the frontier WS, it Loom this year from the frontier WS, it seems like human review still remains seems like human review still remains seems like human review still remains the predominant way to evaluate agentic the predominant way to evaluate agentic the predominant way to evaluate agentic systems. Of course, OM as a judge is a systems. Of course, OM as a judge is a systems. Of course, OM as a judge is a nice automatic way to have a first pass nice automatic way to have a first pass nice automatic way to have a first pass and an automated pass on top of how your and an automated pass on top of how your and an automated pass on top of how your agentic systems is also running. But you agentic systems is also running. But you agentic systems is also running. But you still might need a couple of people that still might need a couple of people that still might need a couple of people that are going to be reviewing your agentic are going to be reviewing your agentic are going to be reviewing your agentic systems. Openai models such as Gypty 5 systems. Openai models such as Gypty 5 systems. Openai models such as Gypty 5 and 4 are still the kings throughout and 4 are still the kings throughout and 4 are still the kings throughout this year, but Google Gemini is on this year, but Google Gemini is on this year, but Google Gemini is on second place. I would say that this is second place. I would say that this is second place. I would say that this is going to change even further within the going to change even further within the going to change even further within the next year since at least to me it seems next year since at least to me it seems next year since at least to me it seems like Google and Antropic are very much like Google and Antropic are very much like Google and Antropic are very much catching up with the open AI WS. Another catching up with the open AI WS. Another catching up with the open AI WS. Another very interesting thing here is that very interesting thing here is that very interesting thing here is that open-source models now have a large open-source models now have a large open-source models now have a large portion of this diagram and most of the portion of this diagram and most of the portion of this diagram and most of the people are actually calling different people are actually calling different people are actually calling different models into different production pools. models into different production pools. models into different production pools. So you might have an AI agent that is So you might have an AI agent that is So you might have an AI agent that is running a very large frontier model, but running a very large frontier model, but running a very large frontier model, but from there you might have some worker from there you might have some worker from there you might have some worker models that are very specific to models that are very specific to models that are very specific to different tasks. And those models are different tasks. And those models are different tasks. And those models are also being called within this same also being called within this same also being called within this same agentic workflow. Most companies are not agentic workflow. Most companies are not agentic workflow. Most companies are not interested and even not experimenting interested and even not experimenting interested and even not experimenting with fine-tuning their own open models. with fine-tuning their own open models. with fine-tuning their own open models. And from this chart here, you can And from this chart here, you can And from this chart here, you can observe that even if they're playing observe that even if they're playing observe that even if they're playing around with fine-tuning, they're just around with fine-tuning, they're just around with fine-tuning, they're just experimenting and haven't deployed any experimenting and haven't deployed any experimenting and haven't deployed any of those models into production. Of of those models into production. Of of those models into production. Of course, open models can be just deployed course, open models can be just deployed course, open models can be just deployed as is. There are very good models that as is. There are very good models that as is. There are very good models that are following instructions very well. are following instructions very well. are following instructions very well. And using ARC approaches and prompt And using ARC approaches and prompt And using ARC approaches and prompt engineering might give you much better engineering might give you much better engineering might give you much better results or bang for your buck compared results or bang for your buck compared results or bang for your buck compared to using a fine-tuned model in many of to using a fine-tuned model in many of to using a fine-tuned model in many of the cases. The most used type of agents the cases. The most used type of agents the cases. The most used type of agents are the coding agents and those dominate are the coding agents and those dominate are the coding agents and those dominate what people are using into their daily what people are using into their daily what people are using into their daily workflows. workflows. workflows. quote code is on first place uh within quote code is on first place uh within quote code is on first place uh within this chart while cursor is very close this chart while cursor is very close this chart while cursor is very close second. I can attest myself that those second. I can attest myself that those second. I can attest myself that those two tools along with some occasional two tools along with some occasional two tools along with some occasional browser use of any of the larger models browser use of any of the larger models browser use of any of the larger models are more than enough to do your agentic are more than enough to do your agentic are more than enough to do your agentic coding. It seems like that GitHub coding. It seems like that GitHub coding. It seems like that GitHub copilot is getting less and less copilot is getting less and less copilot is getting less and less relevant at least to what I've seen relevant at least to what I've seen relevant at least to what I've seen within the year and quote code remains within the year and quote code remains within the year and quote code remains to be a better tool for most of the to be a better tool for most of the to be a better tool for most of the people that are actually doing agentic people that are actually doing agentic people that are actually doing agentic coding. In conclusion, more and more coding. In conclusion, more and more coding. In conclusion, more and more Agentic systems are being deployed into Agentic systems are being deployed into Agentic systems are being deployed into production and it seems like the main production and it seems like the main production and it seems like the main barrier to do so is the actual output barrier to do so is the actual output barrier to do so is the actual output quality of your Loom or VOM. Keep in quality of your Loom or VOM. Keep in quality of your Loom or VOM. Keep in mind that those can be very much mind that those can be very much mind that those can be very much improved if you know how to prompt, how improved if you know how to prompt, how improved if you know how to prompt, how to use structured outputs, and how to to use structured outputs, and how to to use structured outputs, and how to customly create your tools and give them customly create your tools and give them customly create your tools and give them proper descriptions. Of course, the proper descriptions. Of course, the proper descriptions. Of course, the performance of the model itself is very performance of the model itself is very performance of the model itself is very crucial as well. And the better the crucial as well. And the better the crucial as well. And the better the model, probably your AI agentic flow is model, probably your AI agentic flow is model, probably your AI agentic flow is going to get even better results. Human going to get even better results. Human going to get even better results. Human review feedback remains to be a key review feedback remains to be a key review feedback remains to be a key component of deploying successful component of deploying successful component of deploying successful agentic applications. And when you're agentic applications. And when you're agentic applications. And when you're building and deploying those types of building and deploying those types of building and deploying those types of applications, please take a look at your applications, please take a look at your applications, please take a look at your evaluation strategy and allocate enough evaluation strategy and allocate enough evaluation strategy and allocate enough time to understand it and implement it time to understand it and implement it time to understand it and implement it correctly. How does this compare to your correctly. How does this compare to your correctly. How does this compare to your experience of building and deploying experience of building and deploying experience of building and deploying Agentic applications? Let me know in the Agentic applications? Let me know in the Agentic applications? Let me know in the comments below. Thank you for watching comments below. Thank you for watching comments below. Thank you for watching guys. Please like, share, and subscribe. guys. Please like, share, and subscribe. guys. Please like, share, and subscribe. Also join the discord channel that I'm Also join the discord channel that I'm Also join the discord channel that I'm going to link down into the description going to link down into the description going to link down into the description of this video. And if you want to learn of this video. And if you want to learn of this video. And if you want to learn lchain and how you can build a complete lchain and how you can build a complete lchain and how you can build a complete production ready systems, go and production ready systems, go and production ready systems, go and subscribe to the ML Expert AI subscribe to the ML Expert AI subscribe to the ML Expert AI engineering academy. Thank you and I'll engineering academy. Thank you and I'll engineering academy. Thank you and I'll see you in the next one. Bye.
