Our AI is essentially kind of a AI real Our AI is essentially kind of a AI real Our AI is essentially kind of a AI real estate agent. What we're trying to reach estate agent. What we're trying to reach estate agent. What we're trying to reach is so that a home buyer can go through is so that a home buyer can go through is so that a home buyer can go through the entire process with this one the entire process with this one the entire process with this one concierge AI. [Music] [Music] [Music] Welcome to Super Entrepreneurs Podcast. Welcome to Super Entrepreneurs Podcast. Welcome to Super Entrepreneurs Podcast. Today we have with us Paul Cecil. He's Today we have with us Paul Cecil. He's Today we have with us Paul Cecil. He's the VP of strategy at Realpha, the the VP of strategy at Realpha, the the VP of strategy at Realpha, the world's first commissionfree AI home world's first commissionfree AI home world's first commissionfree AI home buying platform that's redefining how buying platform that's redefining how buying platform that's redefining how people invest in real estate. He's been people invest in real estate. He's been people invest in real estate. He's been a key player in raising capital, closing a key player in raising capital, closing a key player in raising capital, closing acquisitions, and shaping the vision of acquisitions, and shaping the vision of acquisitions, and shaping the vision of a techdriven real estate company that's a techdriven real estate company that's a techdriven real estate company that's pushing the envelope with AI. I love AI. pushing the envelope with AI. I love AI. pushing the envelope with AI. I love AI. Welcome to our show, Paul. Welcome to our show, Paul. Welcome to our show, Paul. &gt;&gt; Thank you for having me. I appreciate &gt;&gt; Thank you for having me. I appreciate &gt;&gt; Thank you for having me. I appreciate it. That intro was fantastic. it. That intro was fantastic. it. That intro was fantastic. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you. Thank you. No, no, it's &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you. Thank you. No, no, it's &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you. Thank you. No, no, it's great to have you, my friend. I know I great to have you, my friend. I know I great to have you, my friend. I know I It's 11:11 a.m. right now, but I gave It's 11:11 a.m. right now, but I gave It's 11:11 a.m. right now, but I gave you 11 minutes of waiting around trying you 11 minutes of waiting around trying you 11 minutes of waiting around trying to fix the technology issue that we had. to fix the technology issue that we had. to fix the technology issue that we had. But I'm grateful now that we can talk But I'm grateful now that we can talk But I'm grateful now that we can talk &gt;&gt; as well. It always always happens that &gt;&gt; as well. It always always happens that &gt;&gt; as well. It always always happens that way, right? way, right? way, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it always does. It always does. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it always does. It always does. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it always does. It always does. So, no, but it's good. it comes back up So, no, but it's good. it comes back up So, no, but it's good. it comes back up fairly quickly. So, we're good. So, your fairly quickly. So, we're good. So, your fairly quickly. So, we're good. So, your your story so far, you have been at at your story so far, you have been at at your story so far, you have been at at Realpha since 2021, basically one of the Realpha since 2021, basically one of the Realpha since 2021, basically one of the early uh people involved in that early uh people involved in that early uh people involved in that startup. Now, you're VP of strategy. startup. Now, you're VP of strategy. startup. Now, you're VP of strategy. That's an incredible climb. What What That's an incredible climb. What What That's an incredible climb. What What are the biggest things you have learned are the biggest things you have learned are the biggest things you have learned about leadership and strategy during about leadership and strategy during about leadership and strategy during that that journey? that that journey? that that journey? &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah, there's a there's a lot &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah, there's a there's a lot &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah, there's a there's a lot there definitely to to unpack, you know, there definitely to to unpack, you know, there definitely to to unpack, you know, as far as the climb goes kind of from as far as the climb goes kind of from as far as the climb goes kind of from because I started I started as a because I started I started as a because I started I started as a financial analyst, right? And for those financial analyst, right? And for those financial analyst, right? And for those that have been that have been following that have been that have been following that have been that have been following RIA for quite a while, we had back when RIA for quite a while, we had back when RIA for quite a while, we had back when I joined, we had a completely different I joined, we had a completely different I joined, we had a completely different business model and we had it was a business model and we had it was a business model and we had it was a completely different situation. I mean, completely different situation. I mean, completely different situation. I mean, it was a startup. I was I was employee it was a startup. I was I was employee it was a startup. I was I was employee number 10. And so I joined as a as a number 10. And so I joined as a as a number 10. And so I joined as a as a financial analyst. And so you know over financial analyst. And so you know over financial analyst. And so you know over time as we as we experienced more and time as we as we experienced more and time as we as we experienced more and more right I learned more and more about more right I learned more and more about more right I learned more and more about leadership and you know even like leadership and you know even like leadership and you know even like getting into the topic of power a little getting into the topic of power a little getting into the topic of power a little bit to a certain point in in your career bit to a certain point in in your career bit to a certain point in in your career especially if you're young and trying to especially if you're young and trying to especially if you're young and trying to uh trying to rise in the ranks much uh trying to rise in the ranks much uh trying to rise in the ranks much faster. faster. faster. A, it's easier to do in a in a smaller A, it's easier to do in a in a smaller A, it's easier to do in a in a smaller company, right? Because you have more company, right? Because you have more company, right? Because you have more visibility, more responsibility, things visibility, more responsibility, things visibility, more responsibility, things like that. But B, you sort of have to go like that. But B, you sort of have to go like that. But B, you sort of have to go in in a transitional period of where in in a transitional period of where in in a transitional period of where leadership no longer becomes about leadership no longer becomes about leadership no longer becomes about obviously doing what you're told to be obviously doing what you're told to be obviously doing what you're told to be doing. Whereas doing. Whereas doing. Whereas it's a transition to, hey, I can I can it's a transition to, hey, I can I can it's a transition to, hey, I can I can run this and proactively going and run this and proactively going and run this and proactively going and saying, I can run this. I can, you know, saying, I can run this. I can, you know, saying, I can run this. I can, you know, I can take over this responsibility, I can take over this responsibility, I can take over this responsibility, this division, this, you know, this idea this division, this, you know, this idea this division, this, you know, this idea I have. Let me run with it. Right? So, I have. Let me run with it. Right? So, I have. Let me run with it. Right? So, at some point kind of that power and at some point kind of that power and at some point kind of that power and responsibility is taken rather than responsibility is taken rather than responsibility is taken rather than given to you. And so, that that's kind given to you. And so, that that's kind given to you. And so, that that's kind of like of like of like the one of the biggest things I learned the one of the biggest things I learned the one of the biggest things I learned as far as rising the ranks in in a as far as rising the ranks in in a as far as rising the ranks in in a startup or or even a public company. But startup or or even a public company. But startup or or even a public company. But leadership, I I love that topic. I'm a leadership, I I love that topic. I'm a leadership, I I love that topic. I'm a big follower of kind of Jaco Willink and big follower of kind of Jaco Willink and big follower of kind of Jaco Willink and I study a lot of military leadership I study a lot of military leadership I study a lot of military leadership principles and things of that nature. principles and things of that nature. principles and things of that nature. So, you know, I like the four the four So, you know, I like the four the four So, you know, I like the four the four simple rules that he puts together, simple rules that he puts together, simple rules that he puts together, which is a cover and move, right? You which is a cover and move, right? You which is a cover and move, right? You know, covering for your teammates, know, covering for your teammates, know, covering for your teammates, allowing them to move up and helping allowing them to move up and helping allowing them to move up and helping other people get wins and then having other people get wins and then having other people get wins and then having the same done for you. be, you know, the same done for you. be, you know, the same done for you. be, you know, taking extreme ownership over over taking extreme ownership over over taking extreme ownership over over results and over outcomes results and over outcomes results and over outcomes and uh, you know, really like and uh, you know, really like and uh, you know, really like responsibility over all things and C, responsibility over all things and C, responsibility over all things and C, you know, keeping it simple. And I'm I'm you know, keeping it simple. And I'm I'm you know, keeping it simple. And I'm I'm blanking on the last one at the moment, blanking on the last one at the moment, blanking on the last one at the moment, but you know, military leadership is a but you know, military leadership is a but you know, military leadership is a big one for me that I've learned along big one for me that I've learned along big one for me that I've learned along the way. the way. the way. &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; So, it sounds like a a big component of that it sounds like a a big component of that it sounds like a a big component of that is mindset. Do you feel that there's is mindset. Do you feel that there's is mindset. Do you feel that there's this your own ability, how you were this your own ability, how you were this your own ability, how you were seeing things, your perspective of what seeing things, your perspective of what seeing things, your perspective of what was happening had a lot to do with it as was happening had a lot to do with it as was happening had a lot to do with it as well? well? well? &gt;&gt; I would I would say so I I think &gt;&gt; I would I would say so I I think &gt;&gt; I would I would say so I I think I think the biggest differentiator I think the biggest differentiator I think the biggest differentiator nowadays for for a lot of people is kind nowadays for for a lot of people is kind nowadays for for a lot of people is kind of your of your of your call it your locus of control, right? call it your locus of control, right? call it your locus of control, right? I'm sure you're familiar kind of with I'm sure you're familiar kind of with I'm sure you're familiar kind of with that that terminology. A lot of people that that terminology. A lot of people that that terminology. A lot of people nowadays I feel have more of an external nowadays I feel have more of an external nowadays I feel have more of an external locus of control. So they are locus of control. So they are locus of control. So they are giving responsibility of their their giving responsibility of their their giving responsibility of their their lives and their position. They're lives and their position. They're lives and their position. They're they're basically outsourcing it to to they're basically outsourcing it to to they're basically outsourcing it to to others, right? Like what's the you know others, right? Like what's the you know others, right? Like what's the you know where am I? What's the government doing? where am I? What's the government doing? where am I? What's the government doing? What's what's happening to me? What's what's happening to me? What's what's happening to me? &gt;&gt; Everyone else is responsible. &gt;&gt; Everyone else is responsible. &gt;&gt; Everyone else is responsible. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Everyone else is responsible &gt;&gt; Exactly. Everyone else is responsible &gt;&gt; Exactly. Everyone else is responsible versus an internal locus. Hey, I'm I'm versus an internal locus. Hey, I'm I'm versus an internal locus. Hey, I'm I'm responsible for everything all the way responsible for everything all the way responsible for everything all the way down to, you know, how I react to down to, you know, how I react to down to, you know, how I react to somebody yelling at me on the street of somebody yelling at me on the street of somebody yelling at me on the street of New York, right? New York, right? New York, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know, you're responsible for &gt;&gt; You know, you're responsible for &gt;&gt; You know, you're responsible for everything. everything. everything. &gt;&gt; And I feel like that gives you a lot &gt;&gt; And I feel like that gives you a lot &gt;&gt; And I feel like that gives you a lot more power. more power. more power. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I love that. I love that, &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I love that. I love that, &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I love that. I love that, Paul. We are responsible for everything. Paul. We are responsible for everything. Paul. We are responsible for everything. I love that quote because in reality, we I love that quote because in reality, we I love that quote because in reality, we could spend our life just pointing the could spend our life just pointing the could spend our life just pointing the finger where everyone else did wrong to finger where everyone else did wrong to finger where everyone else did wrong to us. But if we take ownership and work on us. But if we take ownership and work on us. But if we take ownership and work on our self and become more self-aware, our self and become more self-aware, our self and become more self-aware, deeper self-awareness of what's deeper self-awareness of what's deeper self-awareness of what's happening and it's it's really cool how happening and it's it's really cool how happening and it's it's really cool how we can make changes and I found even the we can make changes and I found even the we can make changes and I found even the situation circumstances start shifting situation circumstances start shifting situation circumstances start shifting to match that energy. It's great to talk to match that energy. It's great to talk to match that energy. It's great to talk to you about this stuff. So going from to you about this stuff. So going from to you about this stuff. So going from startup to a public company, you had a startup to a public company, you had a startup to a public company, you had a lot to do with this. What caught you off lot to do with this. What caught you off lot to do with this. What caught you off guard during during the the process and guard during during the the process and guard during during the the process and what lessons from that whole journey do what lessons from that whole journey do what lessons from that whole journey do you wish you would have known going in? you wish you would have known going in? you wish you would have known going in? &gt;&gt; It's a very very arduous process for you &gt;&gt; It's a very very arduous process for you &gt;&gt; It's a very very arduous process for you know for those that haven't been through know for those that haven't been through know for those that haven't been through it. It is it is grueling and we were you it. It is it is grueling and we were you it. It is it is grueling and we were you know we were a very small team at the know we were a very small team at the know we were a very small team at the time so it was essentially kind of the time so it was essentially kind of the time so it was essentially kind of the four or five of us driving most of the four or five of us driving most of the four or five of us driving most of the process and process and process and I think all in all it took us we started I think all in all it took us we started I think all in all it took us we started the foundation kind of in February of the foundation kind of in February of the foundation kind of in February of 2023 and then it took us all the way 2023 and then it took us all the way 2023 and then it took us all the way till October 2023 to actually go public till October 2023 to actually go public till October 2023 to actually go public right and through that right and through that right and through that there is a series back and forth that there is a series back and forth that there is a series back and forth that you do as a company with the Securities you do as a company with the Securities you do as a company with the Securities Exchange Commission. And I I like the Exchange Commission. And I I like the Exchange Commission. And I I like the the easiest analogy is you have to get the easiest analogy is you have to get the easiest analogy is you have to get you have to metaphorically get naked in you have to metaphorically get naked in you have to metaphorically get naked in front of the public as a business front of the public as a business front of the public as a business because you have to disclose because you have to disclose because you have to disclose &gt;&gt; literally everything down to &gt;&gt; literally everything down to &gt;&gt; literally everything down to &gt;&gt; everything transparency &gt;&gt; everything transparency &gt;&gt; everything transparency &gt;&gt; down to even like founder lawsuits, &gt;&gt; down to even like founder lawsuits, &gt;&gt; down to even like founder lawsuits, right? if if anybody's personally facing right? if if anybody's personally facing right? if if anybody's personally facing any lawsuits. Your your comp, your stock any lawsuits. Your your comp, your stock any lawsuits. Your your comp, your stock structure, your every little detail structure, your every little detail structure, your every little detail about your business strategy, your about your business strategy, your about your business strategy, your &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, there's there's no hiding &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, there's there's no hiding &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, there's there's no hiding behind behind behind &gt;&gt; anything anymore. And and the market &gt;&gt; anything anymore. And and the market &gt;&gt; anything anymore. And and the market will pick up on those things and even will pick up on those things and even will pick up on those things and even the things that you think you're that the things that you think you're that the things that you think you're that are a little bit more subtle, they will are a little bit more subtle, they will are a little bit more subtle, they will pick up on it and you know, your stock pick up on it and you know, your stock pick up on it and you know, your stock price will will reflect that. And so, price will will reflect that. And so, price will will reflect that. And so, you know, people should really you know, people should really you know, people should really understand what they're getting into understand what they're getting into understand what they're getting into before attempting something like that before attempting something like that before attempting something like that because, you know, the SEC kind of comes because, you know, the SEC kind of comes because, you know, the SEC kind of comes back with all these rounds of of comment back with all these rounds of of comment back with all these rounds of of comment letters making you, you know, disclose letters making you, you know, disclose letters making you, you know, disclose more. And it's essentially a full-time more. And it's essentially a full-time more. And it's essentially a full-time job kind of managing those. And so, we job kind of managing those. And so, we job kind of managing those. And so, we got, you know, I think five letters, got, you know, I think five letters, got, you know, I think five letters, five comment letters and 92 comments. five comment letters and 92 comments. five comment letters and 92 comments. And these are not, you know, these are And these are not, you know, these are And these are not, you know, these are not small comments. their like business not small comments. their like business not small comments. their like business model changing kind of you know model changing kind of you know model changing kind of you know foundational questions and things like foundational questions and things like foundational questions and things like that that they'll that that they'll that that they'll &gt;&gt; you know that they'll throw &gt;&gt; you know that they'll throw &gt;&gt; you know that they'll throw &gt;&gt; you have to make changes to the &gt;&gt; you have to make changes to the &gt;&gt; you have to make changes to the foundation of your startup as well based foundation of your startup as well based foundation of your startup as well based on those comments on those comments on those comments &gt;&gt; sometimes I mean especially for a small &gt;&gt; sometimes I mean especially for a small &gt;&gt; sometimes I mean especially for a small company that's like because our you know company that's like because our you know company that's like because our you know our business model at the time was we our business model at the time was we our business model at the time was we were you know we were buying up were you know we were buying up were you know we were buying up properties and essentially splitting properties and essentially splitting properties and essentially splitting them fractionalizing them for other them fractionalizing them for other them fractionalizing them for other investors and so because that involves investors and so because that involves investors and so because that involves securities are asking questions like hey securities are asking questions like hey securities are asking questions like hey what's the regulation you're using to what's the regulation you're using to what's the regulation you're using to offer these securities and because we offer these securities and because we offer these securities and because we were we had one idea for a way we could were we had one idea for a way we could were we had one idea for a way we could raise raise this money through what was raise raise this money through what was raise raise this money through what was called regulation CF you actually can't called regulation CF you actually can't called regulation CF you actually can't do that as a public company anymore do that as a public company anymore do that as a public company anymore right so it's like hey that that's no right so it's like hey that that's no right so it's like hey that that's no longer an option anymore and so a lot longer an option anymore and so a lot longer an option anymore and so a lot changes especially from a regulatory changes especially from a regulatory changes especially from a regulatory perspective and then you know now we perspective and then you know now we perspective and then you know now we deal with things like brokerage mortgage deal with things like brokerage mortgage deal with things like brokerage mortgage title licenses and and stuff like that title licenses and and stuff like that title licenses and and stuff like that So that's also all has to be disclosed. So that's also all has to be disclosed. So that's also all has to be disclosed. So So So &gt;&gt; no, this this might be a little bit &gt;&gt; no, this this might be a little bit &gt;&gt; no, this this might be a little bit off-topic question that came to mind. off-topic question that came to mind. off-topic question that came to mind. Maybe that was happening in the past. Maybe that was happening in the past. Maybe that was happening in the past. Regulations weren't as strong as they Regulations weren't as strong as they Regulations weren't as strong as they are today, but companies in the past are today, but companies in the past are today, but companies in the past that defrauded people and they created that defrauded people and they created that defrauded people and they created public companies, took money from public companies, took money from public companies, took money from people. How do they get away with it people. How do they get away with it people. How do they get away with it then with such strict guidelines? then with such strict guidelines? then with such strict guidelines? &gt;&gt; It's definitely gotten stricter over &gt;&gt; It's definitely gotten stricter over &gt;&gt; It's definitely gotten stricter over time. name. I mean, the the one you time. name. I mean, the the one you time. name. I mean, the the one you everybody can name is Enron, of course, everybody can name is Enron, of course, everybody can name is Enron, of course, and and that was when they kind of came and and that was when they kind of came and and that was when they kind of came out with stocks compliance and a lot out with stocks compliance and a lot out with stocks compliance and a lot stricter accounting regulations, but you stricter accounting regulations, but you stricter accounting regulations, but you know, there's there's there's still know, there's there's there's still know, there's there's there's still stuff that can that can go through the stuff that can that can go through the stuff that can that can go through the cracks and, you know, you cracks and, you know, you cracks and, you know, you &gt;&gt; you know, they don't they don't control &gt;&gt; you know, they don't they don't control &gt;&gt; you know, they don't they don't control you fully, but you do have to kind of you fully, but you do have to kind of you fully, but you do have to kind of disclose everything and and people disclose everything and and people disclose everything and and people unfortunately do try and hide things unfortunately do try and hide things unfortunately do try and hide things and, you know, later it comes to bite and, you know, later it comes to bite and, you know, later it comes to bite them. So these these things happen, but them. So these these things happen, but them. So these these things happen, but &gt;&gt; as long as stuff is disclosed, then you &gt;&gt; as long as stuff is disclosed, then you &gt;&gt; as long as stuff is disclosed, then you can't really get in, you know, you can't can't really get in, you know, you can't can't really get in, you know, you can't get in trouble for most things as long get in trouble for most things as long get in trouble for most things as long as it's disclosed. as it's disclosed. as it's disclosed. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Being honest. Yeah. Yeah. Being &gt;&gt; Yeah. Being honest. Yeah. Yeah. Being &gt;&gt; Yeah. Being honest. Yeah. Yeah. Being honest and transparent, right? And, you honest and transparent, right? And, you honest and transparent, right? And, you know, maybe that negative with Enron was know, maybe that negative with Enron was know, maybe that negative with Enron was a a positive in a way that they created a a positive in a way that they created a a positive in a way that they created such strict procedures to make sure that such strict procedures to make sure that such strict procedures to make sure that doesn't happen again. doesn't happen again. doesn't happen again. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it it is a positive. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it it is a positive. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it it is a positive. It's it's more difficult for It's it's more difficult for It's it's more difficult for &gt;&gt; companies to go and stay public but it &gt;&gt; companies to go and stay public but it &gt;&gt; companies to go and stay public but it is a is a good thing for the general is a is a good thing for the general is a is a good thing for the general public I think. public I think. public I think. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So you were already building &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So you were already building &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So you were already building AI for property ranking before chat GPT AI for property ranking before chat GPT AI for property ranking before chat GPT hit the scene. You had to rebuild hit the scene. You had to rebuild hit the scene. You had to rebuild everything after that's what I I saw. everything after that's what I I saw. everything after that's what I I saw. And what actually changed for your team And what actually changed for your team And what actually changed for your team when you had to do that? Did you see the when you had to do that? Did you see the when you had to do that? Did you see the biggest productivity jump or or new biggest productivity jump or or new biggest productivity jump or or new heights because of that pivot? heights because of that pivot? heights because of that pivot? So there was yeah there's a couple So there was yeah there's a couple So there was yeah there's a couple things going on there right our our things going on there right our our things going on there right our our original model like you said was using original model like you said was using original model like you said was using AI to kind of rank properties and and AI to kind of rank properties and and AI to kind of rank properties and and now what you know our AI is essentially now what you know our AI is essentially now what you know our AI is essentially kind of a AI real estate agent with kind of a AI real estate agent with kind of a AI real estate agent with &gt;&gt; what we're what we're trying to reach is &gt;&gt; what we're what we're trying to reach is &gt;&gt; what we're what we're trying to reach is so that a home buyer can go through the so that a home buyer can go through the so that a home buyer can go through the entire process with this one concierge entire process with this one concierge entire process with this one concierge AI AI AI &gt;&gt; which doesn't exist yet right it doesn't &gt;&gt; which doesn't exist yet right it doesn't &gt;&gt; which doesn't exist yet right it doesn't exist to where you can go and do exist to where you can go and do exist to where you can go and do brokerage mortgage and title in one spot brokerage mortgage and title in one spot brokerage mortgage and title in one spot so that's that's where we want to head. so that's that's where we want to head. so that's that's where we want to head. Um but originally it was like a property Um but originally it was like a property Um but originally it was like a property ranking system and obviously on a little ranking system and obviously on a little ranking system and obviously on a little bit less sophisticated technology than bit less sophisticated technology than bit less sophisticated technology than you know than Chadbt and you know than Chadbt and you know than Chadbt and &gt;&gt; it was it was kind of interesting &gt;&gt; it was it was kind of interesting &gt;&gt; it was it was kind of interesting because when when Chad PT launched right because when when Chad PT launched right because when when Chad PT launched right the the 3.5 one that everybody was the the 3.5 one that everybody was the the 3.5 one that everybody was obsessed with obsessed with obsessed with &gt;&gt; our our CEO came in that day and you &gt;&gt; our our CEO came in that day and you &gt;&gt; our our CEO came in that day and you know half the people are gone because of know half the people are gone because of know half the people are gone because of Christmas break whatever and you know he Christmas break whatever and you know he Christmas break whatever and you know he comes in he's like listen guys drop comes in he's like listen guys drop comes in he's like listen guys drop literally forget everything you literally forget everything you literally forget everything you because everything has changed now. because everything has changed now. because everything has changed now. &gt;&gt; And he said just anything anything you &gt;&gt; And he said just anything anything you &gt;&gt; And he said just anything anything you thought you knew, you don't know thought you knew, you don't know thought you knew, you don't know anymore. We have to reset our thinking, anymore. We have to reset our thinking, anymore. We have to reset our thinking, right? Because this is going to be so right? Because this is going to be so right? Because this is going to be so powerful powerful powerful &gt;&gt; that it will change everything, every &gt;&gt; that it will change everything, every &gt;&gt; that it will change everything, every industry, etc. So, you know, we industry, etc. So, you know, we industry, etc. So, you know, we basically started from ground zero as basically started from ground zero as basically started from ground zero as far as personal productivity on that day far as personal productivity on that day far as personal productivity on that day that it came out. that it came out. that it came out. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. and you're pretty vocal about using o and you're pretty vocal about using o and you're pretty vocal about using o open AI and chat GPT. When you are open AI and chat GPT. When you are open AI and chat GPT. When you are actually re-evaluating these new tools, actually re-evaluating these new tools, actually re-evaluating these new tools, what are you actually looking for? How what are you actually looking for? How what are you actually looking for? How do you know if something's going to be do you know if something's going to be do you know if something's going to be worth the investment? worth the investment? worth the investment? &gt;&gt; For me personally, I I have just been &gt;&gt; For me personally, I I have just been &gt;&gt; For me personally, I I have just been well, for lack of a better term, I abuse well, for lack of a better term, I abuse well, for lack of a better term, I abuse them. So I will I will plug every use them. So I will I will plug every use them. So I will I will plug every use case that I can possibly think of from a case that I can possibly think of from a case that I can possibly think of from a personal perspective into JAGBT or personal perspective into JAGBT or personal perspective into JAGBT or others just to see how they respond. And others just to see how they respond. And others just to see how they respond. And you know like one of one of the things you know like one of one of the things you know like one of one of the things I've been playing around with lately is I've been playing around with lately is I've been playing around with lately is creating a personal board of directors. creating a personal board of directors. creating a personal board of directors. So I have a series of different coaches So I have a series of different coaches So I have a series of different coaches for different topics that I'll ask for different topics that I'll ask for different topics that I'll ask questions and then they actually learn questions and then they actually learn questions and then they actually learn from each other and they talk to me in from each other and they talk to me in from each other and they talk to me in different ways based on you know different ways based on you know different ways based on you know different different people or different different different people or different different different people or different materials that that I've fed them materials that that I've fed them materials that that I've fed them &gt;&gt; and then so you know that that's one of &gt;&gt; and then so you know that that's one of &gt;&gt; and then so you know that that's one of the things that I've been doing lately. the things that I've been doing lately. the things that I've been doing lately. But you know I really just kind of abuse But you know I really just kind of abuse But you know I really just kind of abuse it for personal purposes and then it for personal purposes and then it for personal purposes and then whichever one works the best I kind of whichever one works the best I kind of whichever one works the best I kind of you know put our team on as well. And you know put our team on as well. And you know put our team on as well. And you know we use we use ch we use open AI you know we use we use ch we use open AI you know we use we use ch we use open AI we use claude a couple other ones but I we use claude a couple other ones but I we use claude a couple other ones but I think you know open AI has been the think you know open AI has been the think you know open AI has been the strongest for us &gt;&gt; especially with now with chat GPT5 is it &gt;&gt; especially with now with chat GPT5 is it &gt;&gt; especially with now with chat GPT5 is it has a lot more reasoning capabilities has a lot more reasoning capabilities has a lot more reasoning capabilities and it's just it's just so incredible to and it's just it's just so incredible to and it's just it's just so incredible to see where this is going you know like see where this is going you know like see where this is going you know like you also mentioned that AI made you 50 you also mentioned that AI made you 50 you also mentioned that AI made you 50 times more efficient and I agree same times more efficient and I agree same times more efficient and I agree same here here here &gt;&gt; you It's it's it's bold to say that but &gt;&gt; you It's it's it's bold to say that but &gt;&gt; you It's it's it's bold to say that but it really is the fact you know when we it really is the fact you know when we it really is the fact you know when we work with people we say for businesses work with people we say for businesses work with people we say for businesses basically we say we will try to we'll basically we say we will try to we'll basically we say we will try to we'll actually get you up to 90% free from actually get you up to 90% free from actually get you up to 90% free from your daily hustle using AI because it is your daily hustle using AI because it is your daily hustle using AI because it is possible it will happen in one day will possible it will happen in one day will possible it will happen in one day will it happen in an hour no right but each it happen in an hour no right but each it happen in an hour no right but each area of the business can be replicated area of the business can be replicated area of the business can be replicated now with this intelligence and it's only now with this intelligence and it's only now with this intelligence and it's only getting better and when it gets to a getting better and when it gets to a getting better and when it gets to a point where it gets to you know super point where it gets to you know super point where it gets to you know super intelligence. A lot of people are scared intelligence. A lot of people are scared intelligence. A lot of people are scared as well. So a lot of people have this as well. So a lot of people have this as well. So a lot of people have this fear generally fear is that that vibe fear generally fear is that that vibe fear generally fear is that that vibe that is very common in in humanity but that is very common in in humanity but that is very common in in humanity but we can either pick and choose. We can we can either pick and choose. We can we can either pick and choose. We can either be neutral or we can say oh I'm either be neutral or we can say oh I'm either be neutral or we can say oh I'm so scared it's going to take over the so scared it's going to take over the so scared it's going to take over the world. Because if you really think about world. Because if you really think about world. Because if you really think about it, super intelligence, it means that it, super intelligence, it means that it, super intelligence, it means that it'll be thinking, it'll be seeing it'll be thinking, it'll be seeing it'll be thinking, it'll be seeing itself as something and then it might itself as something and then it might itself as something and then it might see humans as something lower. And just see humans as something lower. And just see humans as something lower. And just like with humans over the thousands of like with humans over the thousands of like with humans over the thousands of years of how ego was developed, it was years of how ego was developed, it was years of how ego was developed, it was by seeing ourselves in the mirror, you by seeing ourselves in the mirror, you by seeing ourselves in the mirror, you know, we started seeing our cultures, know, we started seeing our cultures, know, we started seeing our cultures, races, all that kind of stuff. We races, all that kind of stuff. We races, all that kind of stuff. We started feeling better than others and started feeling better than others and started feeling better than others and developed the ego started getting developed the ego started getting developed the ego started getting stronger and stronger and stronger. and stronger and stronger and stronger. and stronger and stronger and stronger. and where we are right now in the whole where we are right now in the whole where we are right now in the whole world is very strong in his grip. Same world is very strong in his grip. Same world is very strong in his grip. Same way if AI super intelligence gets to way if AI super intelligence gets to way if AI super intelligence gets to that point it could develop a its own that point it could develop a its own that point it could develop a its own type of ego and could do something. So type of ego and could do something. So type of ego and could do something. So there's fears, but then there's there's fears, but then there's there's fears, but then there's potential in that too because you know potential in that too because you know potential in that too because you know if you're riding this wave and you learn if you're riding this wave and you learn if you're riding this wave and you learn how to use this, you can free up your how to use this, you can free up your how to use this, you can free up your time. You can come up with innovations. time. You can come up with innovations. time. You can come up with innovations. You can come up with creations. You can You can come up with creations. You can You can come up with creations. You can you can amplify your life in ways that you can amplify your life in ways that you can amplify your life in ways that you could never have imagined before. It you could never have imagined before. It you could never have imagined before. It requires a strong mindset of course, but requires a strong mindset of course, but requires a strong mindset of course, but if you you you actually ride this, you if you you you actually ride this, you if you you you actually ride this, you could take it to some levels that it could take it to some levels that it could take it to some levels that it could help humanity. But I think it's could help humanity. But I think it's could help humanity. But I think it's there's different ways to look at I there's different ways to look at I there's different ways to look at I would love to hear your view on that. would love to hear your view on that. would love to hear your view on that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm I'm very optimistic overall, &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm I'm very optimistic overall, &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm I'm very optimistic overall, right? I'm Me, too. right? I'm Me, too. right? I'm Me, too. &gt;&gt; We we talked about this earlier, right? &gt;&gt; We we talked about this earlier, right? &gt;&gt; We we talked about this earlier, right? I'm I like to kind of take control of I'm I like to kind of take control of I'm I like to kind of take control of what I can, right? So, it's it comes what I can, right? So, it's it comes what I can, right? So, it's it comes down to it comes down to game theory, down to it comes down to game theory, down to it comes down to game theory, right? If if we don't as a country call right? If if we don't as a country call right? If if we don't as a country call it, right? If we don't embrace AI, it, right? If we don't embrace AI, it, right? If we don't embrace AI, somebody else will, right? like China, somebody else will, right? like China, somebody else will, right? like China, Russia, anybody, they'll embrace it and Russia, anybody, they'll embrace it and Russia, anybody, they'll embrace it and they'll get it to the point of super they'll get it to the point of super they'll get it to the point of super intelligence before we will and then intelligence before we will and then intelligence before we will and then somebody else will control that, right? somebody else will control that, right? somebody else will control that, right? So, you know that, you know, at a So, you know that, you know, at a So, you know that, you know, at a geopolit geopolitics level, I guess, you geopolit geopolitics level, I guess, you geopolit geopolitics level, I guess, you know, somebody is going to be in control know, somebody is going to be in control know, somebody is going to be in control of it. So, it might as well be us and we of it. So, it might as well be us and we of it. So, it might as well be us and we might as well create that that reality. might as well create that that reality. might as well create that that reality. Um I think on a more you know micro Um I think on a more you know micro Um I think on a more you know micro level call it I really like the CEO of level call it I really like the CEO of level call it I really like the CEO of perplexity his his viewpoint on it perplexity his his viewpoint on it perplexity his his viewpoint on it whereas it's going to help us ask whereas it's going to help us ask whereas it's going to help us ask questions we don't yet know to ask. Yeah questions we don't yet know to ask. Yeah questions we don't yet know to ask. Yeah &gt;&gt; right because you know we're getting &gt;&gt; right because you know we're getting &gt;&gt; right because you know we're getting these these 90% these these 90% these these 90% &gt;&gt; increases in or decreases in time spent &gt;&gt; increases in or decreases in time spent &gt;&gt; increases in or decreases in time spent on other things and we can automate all on other things and we can automate all on other things and we can automate all these all these small things. It leaves these all these small things. It leaves these all these small things. It leaves so much more time for just deep thinking so much more time for just deep thinking so much more time for just deep thinking on how to solve problems and you know on how to solve problems and you know on how to solve problems and you know and questions to ask. Even just you know and questions to ask. Even just you know and questions to ask. Even just you know yeah I think of like science as the next yeah I think of like science as the next yeah I think of like science as the next frontier for this because science has frontier for this because science has frontier for this because science has become very stagnant due to due to become very stagnant due to due to become very stagnant due to due to politics and due to you know the whole politics and due to you know the whole politics and due to you know the whole nature of getting published and the nature of getting published and the nature of getting published and the funding and all that stuff right so funding and all that stuff right so funding and all that stuff right so AI is going to be able to speed up that AI is going to be able to speed up that AI is going to be able to speed up that scientific process a little bit more and scientific process a little bit more and scientific process a little bit more and you know help the scientists challenge you know help the scientists challenge you know help the scientists challenge and ask additional questions which is and ask additional questions which is and ask additional questions which is what science is kind of built on I think what science is kind of built on I think what science is kind of built on I think is is questioning and and testing and is is questioning and and testing and is is questioning and and testing and then moving forward. So, I think it's then moving forward. So, I think it's then moving forward. So, I think it's going to help us ask those questions, going to help us ask those questions, going to help us ask those questions, &gt;&gt; get results faster, and solve a lot of &gt;&gt; get results faster, and solve a lot of &gt;&gt; get results faster, and solve a lot of the world's problems. the world's problems. the world's problems. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, true. Because, you know, &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, true. Because, you know, &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, true. Because, you know, another way to look at it about deep another way to look at it about deep another way to look at it about deep thinking is the fact that people, for thinking is the fact that people, for thinking is the fact that people, for example, for in my world, I'm just example, for in my world, I'm just example, for in my world, I'm just speaking about me. I I meditate. I I'm speaking about me. I I meditate. I I'm speaking about me. I I meditate. I I'm present you know I spend a lot of time present you know I spend a lot of time present you know I spend a lot of time in that stillness in that stillness in that stillness experiencing the life right experiencing experiencing the life right experiencing experiencing the life right experiencing everything that's coming in each moment everything that's coming in each moment everything that's coming in each moment I just live by it you know and I just I just live by it you know and I just I just live by it you know and I just look at it with a a detachment kind of look at it with a a detachment kind of look at it with a a detachment kind of view if that makes sense and that allows view if that makes sense and that allows view if that makes sense and that allows me AI allows me to do that more and then me AI allows me to do that more and then me AI allows me to do that more and then what happens is that creativity starts what happens is that creativity starts what happens is that creativity starts coming out that the ideas start coming coming out that the ideas start coming coming out that the ideas start coming out out out &gt;&gt; I feel that deep thinking &gt;&gt; I feel that deep thinking &gt;&gt; I feel that deep thinking is what is going to create the new is what is going to create the new is what is going to create the new evolution of humanity. Meaning like evolution of humanity. Meaning like evolution of humanity. Meaning like people are going to be at a at different people are going to be at a at different people are going to be at a at different level of consciousness because of AI. So level of consciousness because of AI. So level of consciousness because of AI. So I feel like AI came to us I feel like AI came to us I feel like AI came to us &gt;&gt; at the perfect time when chaos is at the &gt;&gt; at the perfect time when chaos is at the &gt;&gt; at the perfect time when chaos is at the rise. It's they say, "Hey, I'm here. You rise. It's they say, "Hey, I'm here. You rise. It's they say, "Hey, I'm here. You know, why don't you calm your mind and know, why don't you calm your mind and know, why don't you calm your mind and see things for how they really are?" You see things for how they really are?" You see things for how they really are?" You know? know? know? &gt;&gt; I love that. Yeah. kind of get into more &gt;&gt; I love that. Yeah. kind of get into more &gt;&gt; I love that. Yeah. kind of get into more of the, you know, get into more of the of the, you know, get into more of the of the, you know, get into more of the present moment and allow present moment and allow present moment and allow &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; there's a lot of Yeah, everybody's &gt;&gt; there's a lot of Yeah, everybody's &gt;&gt; there's a lot of Yeah, everybody's distracted. Everybody's off in La La distracted. Everybody's off in La La distracted. Everybody's off in La La Land. So, including myself sometimes, of Land. So, including myself sometimes, of Land. So, including myself sometimes, of course. course. course. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But &gt;&gt; But &gt;&gt; But &gt;&gt; yeah, in mindset, you know, people, one &gt;&gt; yeah, in mindset, you know, people, one &gt;&gt; yeah, in mindset, you know, people, one of the biggest feedback you get from of the biggest feedback you get from of the biggest feedback you get from people is that when you give them people is that when you give them people is that when you give them homework, homework, homework, &gt;&gt; you say, well, how am I going to do this &gt;&gt; you say, well, how am I going to do this &gt;&gt; you say, well, how am I going to do this one hour of studying today when I got one hour of studying today when I got one hour of studying today when I got this many things to do? But the this many things to do? But the this many things to do? But the beautiful thing is a paradox because the beautiful thing is a paradox because the beautiful thing is a paradox because the more you spend time on your internal more you spend time on your internal more you spend time on your internal world that chaos decreases. So it's like world that chaos decreases. So it's like world that chaos decreases. So it's like it's like a mirror effect. But now it's like a mirror effect. But now it's like a mirror effect. But now without having to explain that and without having to explain that and without having to explain that and trying to convince of pe things to trying to convince of pe things to trying to convince of pe things to people you can say hey listen what's people you can say hey listen what's people you can say hey listen what's taking up your most most time in your taking up your most most time in your taking up your most most time in your life. Oh my contact. Okay, let's convert life. Oh my contact. Okay, let's convert life. Oh my contact. Okay, let's convert that into AI, right? And save that time that into AI, right? And save that time that into AI, right? And save that time and now you have more time to be, you and now you have more time to be, you and now you have more time to be, you know, present, work on your internal know, present, work on your internal know, present, work on your internal world because the internal world is the world because the internal world is the world because the internal world is the mirror of what you can achieve in life. mirror of what you can achieve in life. mirror of what you can achieve in life. So, why not spend time there? So, it's a So, why not spend time there? So, it's a So, why not spend time there? So, it's a blessing. I feel like it's it's very blessing. I feel like it's it's very blessing. I feel like it's it's very special, you know, AI. So, you you talk special, you know, AI. So, you you talk special, you know, AI. So, you you talk about AI enhancing thinking as well. about AI enhancing thinking as well. about AI enhancing thinking as well. This is what we're talking about here is This is what we're talking about here is This is what we're talking about here is that enhancement that deep thinking that enhancement that deep thinking that enhancement that deep thinking rather than you know kind of replacing rather than you know kind of replacing rather than you know kind of replacing it because there's people that might be it because there's people that might be it because there's people that might be using it to replace it rather than have using it to replace it rather than have using it to replace it rather than have it as a thought art partner thought it as a thought art partner thought it as a thought art partner thought partner like having this this a series partner like having this this a series partner like having this this a series of intelligence of intelligence of intelligence staff members that are just out there to staff members that are just out there to staff members that are just out there to help you grow or help you do better or help you grow or help you do better or help you grow or help you do better or whatever the case may be, right? Maybe whatever the case may be, right? Maybe whatever the case may be, right? Maybe maybe be even be healthier. How do you maybe be even be healthier. How do you maybe be even be healthier. How do you actually teach that to your team? What actually teach that to your team? What actually teach that to your team? What does good AI usage look like versus just does good AI usage look like versus just does good AI usage look like versus just becoming dependent on it? becoming dependent on it? becoming dependent on it? &gt;&gt; Interesting. Very good question. &gt;&gt; Interesting. Very good question. &gt;&gt; Interesting. Very good question. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; So, there's there's a couple there's a &gt;&gt; So, there's there's a couple there's a &gt;&gt; So, there's there's a couple there's a couple of things that people can do couple of things that people can do couple of things that people can do right now to make their you their AI right now to make their you their AI right now to make their you their AI productivity, you know, skyrocket. productivity, you know, skyrocket. productivity, you know, skyrocket. Basically one is you can create ground Basically one is you can create ground Basically one is you can create ground rules. So rules. So rules. So especially, you know, people get people especially, you know, people get people especially, you know, people get people get very lazy with call it the the get very lazy with call it the the get very lazy with call it the the formatting of things when AI just kind formatting of things when AI just kind formatting of things when AI just kind of does it for you, right? Formatting of does it for you, right? Formatting of does it for you, right? Formatting and the way the way information is and the way the way information is and the way the way information is presented, right? Because you're not presented, right? Because you're not presented, right? Because you're not you're not presenting it to another AI. you're not presenting it to another AI. you're not presenting it to another AI. Typically, you're presenting something Typically, you're presenting something Typically, you're presenting something to another human that you've taken from to another human that you've taken from to another human that you've taken from AI, right? Call it a research report or AI, right? Call it a research report or AI, right? Call it a research report or something. So, something. So, something. So, &gt;&gt; if you put in as a company, right, some &gt;&gt; if you put in as a company, right, some &gt;&gt; if you put in as a company, right, some ground rules about how the AI should ground rules about how the AI should ground rules about how the AI should talk to you and present information talk to you and present information talk to you and present information like, hey, don't use m dashes, don't use like, hey, don't use m dashes, don't use like, hey, don't use m dashes, don't use emojis, talk in a professional tone, emojis, talk in a professional tone, emojis, talk in a professional tone, that sort of thing. That'll save you, that sort of thing. That'll save you, that sort of thing. That'll save you, you know, that'll save you a lot of you know, that'll save you a lot of you know, that'll save you a lot of headache cleaning up later on because headache cleaning up later on because headache cleaning up later on because it'll always talk like that. it'll always talk like that. it'll always talk like that. &gt;&gt; Um, and you have to specifically tell it &gt;&gt; Um, and you have to specifically tell it &gt;&gt; Um, and you have to specifically tell it to commit to memory, right? But if to commit to memory, right? But if to commit to memory, right? But if we're, you know, and then the other the we're, you know, and then the other the we're, you know, and then the other the other big thing is it seems like AI can other big thing is it seems like AI can other big thing is it seems like AI can become a echo chamber very very quickly, become a echo chamber very very quickly, become a echo chamber very very quickly, right? Especially chatbt. Some of the right? Especially chatbt. Some of the right? Especially chatbt. Some of the other ones like like Grock will be a other ones like like Grock will be a other ones like like Grock will be a little bit more honest with you most of little bit more honest with you most of little bit more honest with you most of the time, but chatbt can be a bit of an the time, but chatbt can be a bit of an the time, but chatbt can be a bit of an echo chamber sometimes because it'll echo chamber sometimes because it'll echo chamber sometimes because it'll tell you what you want to hear. So tell you what you want to hear. So tell you what you want to hear. So &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; when you're looking for actual &gt;&gt; when you're looking for actual &gt;&gt; when you're looking for actual &gt;&gt; feedback on stuff, you have to say &gt;&gt; feedback on stuff, you have to say &gt;&gt; feedback on stuff, you have to say things like be brutally honest or you things like be brutally honest or you things like be brutally honest or you know compared versus this thing or know compared versus this thing or know compared versus this thing or compared versus our old state or compared versus our old state or compared versus our old state or etc etc right you have to get creative etc etc right you have to get creative etc etc right you have to get creative with the prompting but you know it's with the prompting but you know it's with the prompting but you know it's going to give you more of what you ask going to give you more of what you ask going to give you more of what you ask for. So if you are looking for for. So if you are looking for for. So if you are looking for validation it's going to end up giving validation it's going to end up giving validation it's going to end up giving you validation right which is not always you validation right which is not always you validation right which is not always a good thing. a good thing. a good thing. No, no. It's just telling you what you No, no. It's just telling you what you No, no. It's just telling you what you want to hear, want to hear, want to hear, right? So, that might cause problems. right? So, that might cause problems. right? So, that might cause problems. &gt;&gt; Definitely, it definitely causes &gt;&gt; Definitely, it definitely causes &gt;&gt; Definitely, it definitely causes problems, right? Which is kind of what problems, right? Which is kind of what problems, right? Which is kind of what we we we &gt;&gt; spaced early on. I I told the team, hey, &gt;&gt; spaced early on. I I told the team, hey, &gt;&gt; spaced early on. I I told the team, hey, you know, we need to start doing you know, we need to start doing you know, we need to start doing everything on AI, right? But then they everything on AI, right? But then they everything on AI, right? But then they were doing everything on AI, but were doing everything on AI, but were doing everything on AI, but &gt;&gt; not prompting it correctly. So, we were &gt;&gt; not prompting it correctly. So, we were &gt;&gt; not prompting it correctly. So, we were getting, you know, it's it's kind of getting, you know, it's it's kind of getting, you know, it's it's kind of garbage in, garbage out. And since then garbage in, garbage out. And since then garbage in, garbage out. And since then they've, you know, they've fixed they've, you know, they've fixed they've, you know, they've fixed everything and everything and everything and &gt;&gt; it's fantastic now. Fantastic work. &gt;&gt; it's fantastic now. Fantastic work. &gt;&gt; it's fantastic now. Fantastic work. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because if you if you prompt &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because if you if you prompt &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because if you if you prompt engineer it, if you kind of train it engineer it, if you kind of train it engineer it, if you kind of train it properly, it does a really good job. properly, it does a really good job. properly, it does a really good job. &gt;&gt; But you can't just take it out of the &gt;&gt; But you can't just take it out of the &gt;&gt; But you can't just take it out of the box. box. box. &gt;&gt; You kind of mold it to what you want to &gt;&gt; You kind of mold it to what you want to &gt;&gt; You kind of mold it to what you want to do. That's wonderful. So once you put in do. That's wonderful. So once you put in do. That's wonderful. So once you put in the prompts, engineered the prompts, the prompts, engineered the prompts, the prompts, engineered the prompts, then it started thinking or reasoning then it started thinking or reasoning then it started thinking or reasoning differently to match what you were differently to match what you were differently to match what you were expecting it to do. Correct. expecting it to do. Correct. expecting it to do. Correct. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. Then the more you know &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. Then the more you know &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. Then the more you know the more data, the more context, the the more data, the more context, the the more data, the more context, the more more more call it storyline you can give it the call it storyline you can give it the call it storyline you can give it the better. Right. It can handle that now better. Right. It can handle that now better. Right. It can handle that now &gt;&gt; but it couldn't it couldn't handle it &gt;&gt; but it couldn't it couldn't handle it &gt;&gt; but it couldn't it couldn't handle it before right 35 could not handle all of before right 35 could not handle all of before right 35 could not handle all of that that that &gt;&gt; but now it's like now it could just take &gt;&gt; but now it's like now it could just take &gt;&gt; but now it's like now it could just take whole PDS whole etc. whole PDS whole etc. whole PDS whole etc. &gt;&gt; Yeah I love it man. It's amazing. So you &gt;&gt; Yeah I love it man. It's amazing. So you &gt;&gt; Yeah I love it man. It's amazing. So you know going back to the the wild know going back to the the wild know going back to the the wild possibilities that we you mentioned as possibilities that we you mentioned as possibilities that we you mentioned as well and I'm also and very similar to well and I'm also and very similar to well and I'm also and very similar to what your thought patterns are towards what your thought patterns are towards what your thought patterns are towards AI so far from what I'm I'm hearing now AI so far from what I'm I'm hearing now AI so far from what I'm I'm hearing now the possibilities of AI super the possibilities of AI super the possibilities of AI super intelligence or humanoid robots and you intelligence or humanoid robots and you intelligence or humanoid robots and you know universal basic income all of these know universal basic income all of these know universal basic income all of these are fantastic things that are coming. are fantastic things that are coming. are fantastic things that are coming. But which of these do you think will But which of these do you think will But which of these do you think will actually see go mainstream and how could actually see go mainstream and how could actually see go mainstream and how could entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs prepare prepare for such a big shift? prepare prepare for such a big shift? prepare prepare for such a big shift? &gt;&gt; So for I I'll give my my biggest piece &gt;&gt; So for I I'll give my my biggest piece &gt;&gt; So for I I'll give my my biggest piece of advice for for entrepreneurs planning of advice for for entrepreneurs planning of advice for for entrepreneurs planning their strategy for the next three years. their strategy for the next three years. their strategy for the next three years. I think the next so in case anybody I think the next so in case anybody I think the next so in case anybody didn't see Chiaubtai didn't see Chiaubtai didn't see Chiaubtai they had a leaked strategy document and they had a leaked strategy document and they had a leaked strategy document and so I I read through that most of it is so I I read through that most of it is so I I read through that most of it is redacted but you can kind of get the redacted but you can kind of get the redacted but you can kind of get the gist of what they're saying in there gist of what they're saying in there gist of what they're saying in there right where they are headed in the next right where they are headed in the next right where they are headed in the next call it two to three years their their call it two to three years their their call it two to three years their their phase one is they want to become the phase one is they want to become the phase one is they want to become the super intelligent agent for your life super intelligent agent for your life super intelligent agent for your life right so right so right so They want to have it so that tragic PT They want to have it so that tragic PT They want to have it so that tragic PT is the main thing that you send out to is the main thing that you send out to is the main thing that you send out to do things for you. Right? Right now it's do things for you. Right? Right now it's do things for you. Right? Right now it's very back and forth, but it'll get to very back and forth, but it'll get to very back and forth, but it'll get to the point where you're sending it out to the point where you're sending it out to the point where you're sending it out to do things for you. Like, hey, go make me do things for you. Like, hey, go make me do things for you. Like, hey, go make me a meal plan, bring me back the grocery a meal plan, bring me back the grocery a meal plan, bring me back the grocery list, and then order it on Instacart for list, and then order it on Instacart for list, and then order it on Instacart for me so I don't have to do any of it. or me so I don't have to do any of it. or me so I don't have to do any of it. or you know give me you know give me you know give me go do the research for my my health in go do the research for my my health in go do the research for my my health in this specific condition bring me back an this specific condition bring me back an this specific condition bring me back an exercise plan that I can use and then exercise plan that I can use and then exercise plan that I can use and then you know help me sign up for a gym you know help me sign up for a gym you know help me sign up for a gym membership right find me the best gym membership right find me the best gym membership right find me the best gym etc and it'll go out and reach reach out etc and it'll go out and reach reach out etc and it'll go out and reach reach out to different gyms etc so you know pretty to different gyms etc so you know pretty to different gyms etc so you know pretty soon that's going to become the new soon that's going to become the new soon that's going to become the new reality especially as open AI gets more reality especially as open AI gets more reality especially as open AI gets more integrated with the Apple ecosystem integrated with the Apple ecosystem integrated with the Apple ecosystem which is the majority of phones in the s which is the majority of phones in the s which is the majority of phones in the s and so it's going to become instead of and so it's going to become instead of and so it's going to become instead of marketing and marketing and marketing and doing SEO for and and products even for doing SEO for and and products even for doing SEO for and and products even for people, it's going to be who can cater people, it's going to be who can cater people, it's going to be who can cater to the AI agents the best rather than to the AI agents the best rather than to the AI agents the best rather than actual people. That's my bold bet for actual people. That's my bold bet for actual people. That's my bold bet for the next few years is like, you know, I the next few years is like, you know, I the next few years is like, you know, I think I think it's going to be more think I think it's going to be more think I think it's going to be more about optimizing for AI agents finding about optimizing for AI agents finding about optimizing for AI agents finding and interacting with your product rather and interacting with your product rather and interacting with your product rather than people. than people. than people. &gt;&gt; Can you give an example of that just to &gt;&gt; Can you give an example of that just to &gt;&gt; Can you give an example of that just to to dumb it down, you know? to dumb it down, you know? to dumb it down, you know? &gt;&gt; Sure. So, &gt;&gt; Sure. So, &gt;&gt; Sure. So, right now you can have Google call and right now you can have Google call and right now you can have Google call and make reservations for you at a make reservations for you at a make reservations for you at a restaurant, right? So you can say, "Hey, you know, I want I'm you can say, "Hey, you know, I want I'm you can say, "Hey, you know, I want I'm looking for a reservation during this looking for a reservation during this looking for a reservation during this time." And Google will actually call time." And Google will actually call time." And Google will actually call and, you know, find you a time for a and, you know, find you a time for a and, you know, find you a time for a reservation on at a restaurant. Right. reservation on at a restaurant. Right. reservation on at a restaurant. Right. This is really big in New York where This is really big in New York where This is really big in New York where reservations are a little bit harder to reservations are a little bit harder to reservations are a little bit harder to come by. come by. come by. &gt;&gt; No, I meant &gt;&gt; No, I meant &gt;&gt; No, I meant &gt;&gt; Sorry. Sorry, Paul. Just to just to &gt;&gt; Sorry. Sorry, Paul. Just to just to &gt;&gt; Sorry. Sorry, Paul. Just to just to correct, just to make sure we're on the correct, just to make sure we're on the correct, just to make sure we're on the same page. So the actual functionality same page. So the actual functionality same page. So the actual functionality completely understood that it'll be able completely understood that it'll be able completely understood that it'll be able to do a lot of things that we could do to do a lot of things that we could do to do a lot of things that we could do on a browser for example. But on a browser for example. But on a browser for example. But &gt;&gt; you mentioned that future entrepreneurs &gt;&gt; you mentioned that future entrepreneurs &gt;&gt; you mentioned that future entrepreneurs or the people that have businesses or or the people that have businesses or or the people that have businesses or products and services products and services products and services &gt;&gt; they should be looking at ways to figure &gt;&gt; they should be looking at ways to figure &gt;&gt; they should be looking at ways to figure out ways to communicate with the agents out ways to communicate with the agents out ways to communicate with the agents for the future. So can you give example for the future. So can you give example for the future. So can you give example of that part for let's just pick a a a of that part for let's just pick a a a of that part for let's just pick a a a company that sells I don't know shorts company that sells I don't know shorts company that sells I don't know shorts whatever whatever whatever &gt;&gt; before right if you were a if you were a &gt;&gt; before right if you were a if you were a &gt;&gt; before right if you were a if you were a short company let's call it you're short company let's call it you're short company let's call it you're selling bathing suits for men or selling bathing suits for men or selling bathing suits for men or something right something right something right &gt;&gt; your your marketing strategy and SEO &gt;&gt; your your marketing strategy and SEO &gt;&gt; your your marketing strategy and SEO strategy will be focused around finding strategy will be focused around finding strategy will be focused around finding keywords and keywords and keywords and &gt;&gt; there's two two aspects of it right &gt;&gt; there's two two aspects of it right &gt;&gt; there's two two aspects of it right marketing you're trying to find your marketing you're trying to find your marketing you're trying to find your audience of people that are, say, audience of people that are, say, audience of people that are, say, looking to go to the ocean soon or looking to go to the ocean soon or looking to go to the ocean soon or they're they're traveling in the ocean they're they're traveling in the ocean they're they're traveling in the ocean and they're searching for things like, and they're searching for things like, and they're searching for things like, you know, bathing suits for men that you know, bathing suits for men that you know, bathing suits for men that don't they don't get dyed by the ocean don't they don't get dyed by the ocean don't they don't get dyed by the ocean water, something, right? And they're water, something, right? And they're water, something, right? And they're searching for that physically. And from searching for that physically. And from searching for that physically. And from an SEO perspective, you're trying to get an SEO perspective, you're trying to get an SEO perspective, you're trying to get keywords like bathing suits and best keywords like bathing suits and best keywords like bathing suits and best bathing suits for men and stuff like bathing suits for men and stuff like bathing suits for men and stuff like that, that, that, &gt;&gt; right? Mhm. &gt;&gt; right? Mhm. &gt;&gt; right? Mhm. &gt;&gt; So, it's it's shifting slightly because &gt;&gt; So, it's it's shifting slightly because &gt;&gt; So, it's it's shifting slightly because now, right, somebody instead of actually now, right, somebody instead of actually now, right, somebody instead of actually physically doing that themselves, physically doing that themselves, physically doing that themselves, they're going to say to their AI agent, they're going to say to their AI agent, they're going to say to their AI agent, "Hey, go out and find me the best "Hey, go out and find me the best "Hey, go out and find me the best bathing suits." So, it's going to be bathing suits." So, it's going to be bathing suits." So, it's going to be about figuring out what the actual AI about figuring out what the actual AI about figuring out what the actual AI agent is is looking for in those things agent is is looking for in those things agent is is looking for in those things and how it's analyzing it and bringing and how it's analyzing it and bringing and how it's analyzing it and bringing it back to people rather than the people it back to people rather than the people it back to people rather than the people actually finding it themselves, if that actually finding it themselves, if that actually finding it themselves, if that makes sense. So, So, So, but it's still doing the keywords but it's still doing the keywords but it's still doing the keywords research. It's still doing blogs. The research. It's still doing blogs. The research. It's still doing blogs. The agent will write the blogs. It will do agent will write the blogs. It will do agent will write the blogs. It will do all that stuff for it to drive people all that stuff for it to drive people all that stuff for it to drive people back to the website. But instead of you back to the website. But instead of you back to the website. But instead of you commanding or trying to do it, it will commanding or trying to do it, it will commanding or trying to do it, it will just do it for you. That's what you just do it for you. That's what you just do it for you. That's what you mean. Is that the mean. Is that the mean. Is that the &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's there's little there's &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's there's little there's &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's there's little there's little subtle differences such as little subtle differences such as little subtle differences such as eventually people will just give their eventually people will just give their eventually people will just give their you know they'll just give their AI a you know they'll just give their AI a you know they'll just give their AI a budget budget budget &gt;&gt; and you know their AI will go and buy it &gt;&gt; and you know their AI will go and buy it &gt;&gt; and you know their AI will go and buy it for them, right? Hey, buy me the best for them, right? Hey, buy me the best for them, right? Hey, buy me the best whatever the best one which means whatever the best one which means whatever the best one which means &gt;&gt; the actual design of websites won't &gt;&gt; the actual design of websites won't &gt;&gt; the actual design of websites won't matter as much and the the the human matter as much and the the the human matter as much and the the the human aspects of it like how does the aspects of it like how does the aspects of it like how does the psychology of the website make you feel psychology of the website make you feel psychology of the website make you feel because the AI will analyze it in 0 because the AI will analyze it in 0 because the AI will analyze it in 0 seconds they don't care they're just seconds they don't care they're just seconds they don't care they're just looking for they're looking for hard looking for they're looking for hard looking for they're looking for hard data and stats right which is where data and stats right which is where data and stats right which is where &gt;&gt; you know your stuff like SEO and the new &gt;&gt; you know your stuff like SEO and the new &gt;&gt; you know your stuff like SEO and the new term would be GEO generative engine term would be GEO generative engine term would be GEO generative engine optimization is becomes much more optimization is becomes much more optimization is becomes much more important important than the human important important than the human important important than the human psychology aspect of it. psychology aspect of it. psychology aspect of it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The ma machine aspect has to be taken The ma machine aspect has to be taken The ma machine aspect has to be taken care of more importantly. care of more importantly. care of more importantly. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Right. And we've we've seen the &gt;&gt; Exactly. Right. And we've we've seen the &gt;&gt; Exactly. Right. And we've we've seen the same thing kind of happen on on an same thing kind of happen on on an same thing kind of happen on on an investor relations perspective as a investor relations perspective as a investor relations perspective as a public company. Right. Because now 80% public company. Right. Because now 80% public company. Right. Because now 80% plus of all the trading in the stock plus of all the trading in the stock plus of all the trading in the stock market is done by algorithms. So it's market is done by algorithms. So it's market is done by algorithms. So it's like, hey, you're no longer writing like, hey, you're no longer writing like, hey, you're no longer writing press releases for press releases and press releases for press releases and press releases for press releases and materials for humans. You're writing materials for humans. You're writing materials for humans. You're writing them out for bots, basically. So it's them out for bots, basically. So it's them out for bots, basically. So it's like, wow. like, wow. like, wow. &gt;&gt; How do you reconstruct your message to &gt;&gt; How do you reconstruct your message to &gt;&gt; How do you reconstruct your message to cater towards the bots and the agents cater towards the bots and the agents cater towards the bots and the agents that are trading rather than, you know, that are trading rather than, you know, that are trading rather than, you know, actual people? actual people? actual people? &gt;&gt; Wow. This this is probably the most &gt;&gt; Wow. This this is probably the most &gt;&gt; Wow. This this is probably the most powerful point in this whole episode. So powerful point in this whole episode. So powerful point in this whole episode. So hopefully people in audience, our fellow hopefully people in audience, our fellow hopefully people in audience, our fellow entrepreneurs and business people are entrepreneurs and business people are entrepreneurs and business people are picking up on this information. I'm very picking up on this information. I'm very picking up on this information. I'm very grateful that you came on our show grateful that you came on our show grateful that you came on our show today, Paul. It was it was fun talking today, Paul. It was it was fun talking today, Paul. It was it was fun talking to you about all this stuff because this to you about all this stuff because this to you about all this stuff because this is my life right now. I completely went is my life right now. I completely went is my life right now. I completely went from enthusiast to deep into it. And the from enthusiast to deep into it. And the from enthusiast to deep into it. And the more the more you study it, the more you more the more you study it, the more you more the more you study it, the more you look at it, the more like just look at it, the more like just look at it, the more like just completely completely completely it will completely change the dynamics it will completely change the dynamics it will completely change the dynamics of how we live today in in so many ways, of how we live today in in so many ways, of how we live today in in so many ways, you know, like once the robot is you know, like once the robot is you know, like once the robot is connected to the AI literally, you know, connected to the AI literally, you know, connected to the AI literally, you know, they're trying to figure out how to make they're trying to figure out how to make they're trying to figure out how to make a autonomous cars, maybe you don't even a autonomous cars, maybe you don't even a autonomous cars, maybe you don't even need to do that, right? Maybe the robot need to do that, right? Maybe the robot need to do that, right? Maybe the robot just goes in the car and and drives it just goes in the car and and drives it just goes in the car and and drives it to wherever you need to go. Maybe the to wherever you need to go. Maybe the to wherever you need to go. Maybe the robot is the most important. robot is the most important. robot is the most important. &gt;&gt; So go have a meeting for me. Have a &gt;&gt; So go have a meeting for me. Have a &gt;&gt; So go have a meeting for me. Have a meeting for me. You're on your phone and meeting for me. You're on your phone and meeting for me. You're on your phone and the robot is sitting with another robot the robot is sitting with another robot the robot is sitting with another robot having a meeting. You can see the other having a meeting. You can see the other having a meeting. You can see the other robot, but you're actually robot, but you're actually robot, but you're actually &gt;&gt; you're talking to Mark Zuckerberg for &gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, he was. But it did work out. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, he was. But it did work out. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, he was. But it did work out. &gt;&gt; It did not work. Well, yeah. That's why &gt;&gt; It did not work. Well, yeah. That's why &gt;&gt; It did not work. Well, yeah. That's why they did the when VR was huge, you did they did the when VR was huge, you did they did the when VR was huge, you did the whole metaverse rebrand and the whole metaverse rebrand and the whole metaverse rebrand and everything. That didn't really catch on. everything. That didn't really catch on. everything. That didn't really catch on. But But But &gt;&gt; it didn't catch on. No, I think there's &gt;&gt; it didn't catch on. No, I think there's &gt;&gt; it didn't catch on. No, I think there's new players coming that are are changing new players coming that are are changing new players coming that are are changing their dynam dynamics. The big boys, you their dynam dynamics. The big boys, you their dynam dynamics. The big boys, you know, that are out there. They're know, that are out there. They're know, that are out there. They're trying, but I think with machines, trying, but I think with machines, trying, but I think with machines, the little guys have a chance. You know, the little guys have a chance. You know, the little guys have a chance. You know, the little guys can create something the little guys can create something the little guys can create something valuable for humanity. And and I don't valuable for humanity. And and I don't valuable for humanity. And and I don't think anybody should fear the big boys think anybody should fear the big boys think anybody should fear the big boys anymore with machine. You're able to do anymore with machine. You're able to do anymore with machine. You're able to do a lot now. So a lot now. So a lot now. So &gt;&gt; there are absolutely zero &gt;&gt; there are absolutely zero &gt;&gt; there are absolutely zero barriers to entry from a baseline barriers to entry from a baseline barriers to entry from a baseline knowledge perspective, right? You can knowledge perspective, right? You can knowledge perspective, right? You can get to 80% of the knowledge on any topic get to 80% of the knowledge on any topic get to 80% of the knowledge on any topic within a very short amount of time with within a very short amount of time with within a very short amount of time with AI. AI. AI. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like imagine like every human &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like imagine like every human &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like imagine like every human being literally is going to be super being literally is going to be super being literally is going to be super intelligent. Why? because you know and intelligent. Why? because you know and intelligent. Why? because you know and especially the people that that pride especially the people that that pride especially the people that that pride themselves on their intelligence you themselves on their intelligence you themselves on their intelligence you know they and I respect it because they know they and I respect it because they know they and I respect it because they went through a lot they studied a lot went through a lot they studied a lot went through a lot they studied a lot that's great obviously but it's it could that's great obviously but it's it could that's great obviously but it's it could be intimidating because now everybody's be intimidating because now everybody's be intimidating because now everybody's going to have it because if they have going to have it because if they have going to have it because if they have the glasses the glasses the glasses &gt;&gt; the glasses going to be reading their &gt;&gt; the glasses going to be reading their &gt;&gt; the glasses going to be reading their even their body motion like they could even their body motion like they could even their body motion like they could never study that right so it could tell never study that right so it could tell never study that right so it could tell them what they're you know how are they them what they're you know how are they them what they're you know how are they vibing you know their vibe like are they vibing you know their vibe like are they vibing you know their vibe like are they excited right now you think potentially excited right now you think potentially excited right now you think potentially going to close a deal. Are they going to going to close a deal. Are they going to going to close a deal. Are they going to walk away or they're they're scared? walk away or they're they're scared? walk away or they're they're scared? What is the reason? Or it could even What is the reason? Or it could even What is the reason? Or it could even find out predetermine what they're about find out predetermine what they're about find out predetermine what they're about like it just like it just like it just &gt;&gt; it will be very interesting to see as &gt;&gt; it will be very interesting to see as &gt;&gt; it will be very interesting to see as well what happens with dating. That's well what happens with dating. That's well what happens with dating. That's the the the &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's one that I'm very excited &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's one that I'm very excited &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's one that I'm very excited to see what happens. to see what happens. to see what happens. &gt;&gt; But uh yeah, &gt;&gt; But uh yeah, &gt;&gt; But uh yeah, &gt;&gt; oh man, it's fun. It's exciting, but &gt;&gt; oh man, it's fun. It's exciting, but &gt;&gt; oh man, it's fun. It's exciting, but it's happening right now. We're in that it's happening right now. We're in that it's happening right now. We're in that reality. Let's take advantage of it and reality. Let's take advantage of it and reality. Let's take advantage of it and grow with it. Again, Paul, let's stay in grow with it. Again, Paul, let's stay in grow with it. Again, Paul, let's stay in touch, you know, and and see if anything touch, you know, and and see if anything touch, you know, and and see if anything else if you're launching anything, else if you're launching anything, else if you're launching anything, definitely you're welcome to come back. definitely you're welcome to come back. definitely you're welcome to come back. &gt;&gt; Appreciate that. Appreciate you having &gt;&gt; Appreciate that. Appreciate you having &gt;&gt; Appreciate that. Appreciate you having me on. [Music]
