Hi, everyone. My name is Tina Sharkey. Hi, everyone. My name is Tina Sharkey. Hi, everyone. My name is Tina Sharkey. Corporate Vice President of Microsoft Corporate Vice President of Microsoft Corporate Vice President of Microsoft Foundry. Along with me is Jeff Holland, Foundry. Along with me is Jeff Holland, Foundry. Along with me is Jeff Holland, Partner Director on our Foundry Agent Partner Director on our Foundry Agent Partner Director on our Foundry Agent platform. platform. platform. We're super excited to be with you We're super excited to be with you We're super excited to be with you today. today. today. For the next 45 minutes, we're going to For the next 45 minutes, we're going to For the next 45 minutes, we're going to walk you through building an agent walk you through building an agent walk you through building an agent locally, locally, locally, hosted in a sandbox, having run hosted in a sandbox, having run hosted in a sandbox, having run production workload, and and operated to production workload, and and operated to production workload, and and operated to see it self-improve. So, get excited. see it self-improve. So, get excited. see it self-improve. So, get excited. Before we get started, I would love to Before we get started, I would love to Before we get started, I would love to ground us on where we are today. ground us on where we are today. ground us on where we are today. We have entered a new era of AI agents. We have entered a new era of AI agents. We have entered a new era of AI agents. Three things are true. Three things are true. Three things are true. One, building is no longer the hard One, building is no longer the hard One, building is no longer the hard part. part. part. With coding agents such as GitHub With coding agents such as GitHub With coding agents such as GitHub Copilot, GitHub Copilot CLI, and Cloud Copilot, GitHub Copilot CLI, and Cloud Copilot, GitHub Copilot CLI, and Cloud Code, Code, Code, any developer is able to stand up a any developer is able to stand up a any developer is able to stand up a powerful agent within minutes. powerful agent within minutes. powerful agent within minutes. The question has shifted from can I The question has shifted from can I The question has shifted from can I build it to can I run it reliably at build it to can I run it reliably at build it to can I run it reliably at enterprise scale? enterprise scale? enterprise scale? Two, agent capabilities have exploded. Two, agent capabilities have exploded. Two, agent capabilities have exploded. We're no longer building agents that are We're no longer building agents that are We're no longer building agents that are static routers shuffling requests static routers shuffling requests static routers shuffling requests between a fixed set of tools. between a fixed set of tools. between a fixed set of tools. Today's agents can spawn off new agents. Today's agents can spawn off new agents. Today's agents can spawn off new agents. They have full access to their compute They have full access to their compute They have full access to their compute environments. They can create new environments. They can create new environments. They can create new skills. They can generate new memory. skills. They can generate new memory. skills. They can generate new memory. They can get things done that they were They can get things done that they were They can get things done that they were never programmed to do to start with. never programmed to do to start with. never programmed to do to start with. They are general-purpose systems. They are general-purpose systems. They are general-purpose systems. And the third shift, which may be the And the third shift, which may be the And the third shift, which may be the biggest shift of all, agents are biggest shift of all, agents are biggest shift of all, agents are teammates, not tools. teammates, not tools. teammates, not tools. We're no longer building chatbots. We're We're no longer building chatbots. We're We're no longer building chatbots. We're building agents that take on significant building agents that take on significant building agents that take on significant significant business outcome. And they significant business outcome. And they significant business outcome. And they do whatever is needed to get that do whatever is needed to get that do whatever is needed to get that outcome done outcome done by chatting outcome done outcome done by chatting outcome done outcome done by chatting not only with people, but also with not only with people, but also with not only with people, but also with other agents. other agents. other agents. Now, let's put that in the context of Now, let's put that in the context of Now, let's put that in the context of your entire business across every single your entire business across every single your entire business across every single function. function. function. Compliance, finance, supply chain, Compliance, finance, supply chain, Compliance, finance, supply chain, support. support. support. Businesses that win don't just build one Businesses that win don't just build one Businesses that win don't just build one super powerful agent. super powerful agent. super powerful agent. They have AI at the core of every single They have AI at the core of every single They have AI at the core of every single function. function. function. They have a coordinated system of agents They have a coordinated system of agents They have a coordinated system of agents that are all carrying out business that are all carrying out business that are all carrying out business business critical tasks. business critical tasks. business critical tasks. They have all of these agents that are They have all of these agents that are They have all of these agents that are long-running, and they're having they're long-running, and they're having they're long-running, and they're having they're uh carrying out long high-value actions. uh carrying out long high-value actions. uh carrying out long high-value actions. So, your team of agents become a team of So, your team of agents become a team of So, your team of agents become a team of operators, continuously learning, operators, continuously learning, operators, continuously learning, continuously improving. continuously improving. continuously improving. So, that demands not just a build So, that demands not just a build So, that demands not just a build platform. platform. platform. It demands an entire operating system It demands an entire operating system It demands an entire operating system for your enterprise AI transformation. for your enterprise AI transformation. for your enterprise AI transformation. And that is what Foundry gives you. And that is what Foundry gives you. And that is what Foundry gives you. And that's where our systems advantage And that's where our systems advantage And that's where our systems advantage comes in. comes in. comes in. Microsoft offers the most complete Microsoft offers the most complete Microsoft offers the most complete system for any enterprise. system for any enterprise. system for any enterprise. Foundry, Azure, GitHub, Microsoft 365, Foundry, Azure, GitHub, Microsoft 365, Foundry, Azure, GitHub, Microsoft 365, Microsoft Security, all working as a Microsoft Security, all working as a Microsoft Security, all working as a holistic system, not silo tools. holistic system, not silo tools. holistic system, not silo tools. What we inside we have is that AI What we inside we have is that AI What we inside we have is that AI systems are never done. systems are never done. systems are never done. They run on production learning loops. They run on production learning loops. They run on production learning loops. So, you may build your agent in GitHub So, you may build your agent in GitHub So, you may build your agent in GitHub with GitHub CLI. with GitHub CLI. with GitHub CLI. You define the eval to tell us what good You define the eval to tell us what good You define the eval to tell us what good looks like. looks like. looks like. You then deploy it right into Foundry, You then deploy it right into Foundry, You then deploy it right into Foundry, so it runs on production workloads. so it runs on production workloads. so it runs on production workloads. Every single action, every single cost Every single action, every single cost Every single action, every single cost signal is then fed into the evaluation signal is then fed into the evaluation signal is then fed into the evaluation and optimization service, which and optimization service, which and optimization service, which continuously learns, continuously continuously learns, continuously continuously learns, continuously improves. The system compounds the more improves. The system compounds the more improves. The system compounds the more it runs. it runs. it runs. So, it's no longer about fine-tuning a So, it's no longer about fine-tuning a So, it's no longer about fine-tuning a specific model. It is about improving specific model. It is about improving specific model. It is about improving this entire system. this entire system. this entire system. Through tuning your models, tuning your Through tuning your models, tuning your Through tuning your models, tuning your harness, your contacts, your memory, all harness, your contacts, your memory, all harness, your contacts, your memory, all with developer in control for every with developer in control for every with developer in control for every single change. single change. single change. So, your your enterprise can continually So, your your enterprise can continually So, your your enterprise can continually evolving its production agents rather evolving its production agents rather evolving its production agents rather than having to rebuild from scratch than having to rebuild from scratch than having to rebuild from scratch every single time. every single time. every single time. This is how you transform your This is how you transform your This is how you transform your enterprise enterprise enterprise with agents. Now, let's let's talk about our demo Now, let's let's talk about our demo Now, let's let's talk about our demo scenario. scenario. scenario. Microsoft runs the world's largest cloud Microsoft runs the world's largest cloud Microsoft runs the world's largest cloud infrastructure. infrastructure. infrastructure. Sometimes bad things happen, such as a Sometimes bad things happen, such as a Sometimes bad things happen, such as a fiber cable gets cut near one of our fiber cable gets cut near one of our fiber cable gets cut near one of our data centers. data centers. data centers. When that happens today, we need an When that happens today, we need an When that happens today, we need an agentic system that is able to respond, agentic system that is able to respond, agentic system that is able to respond, dispatch, resolve really fast. dispatch, resolve really fast. dispatch, resolve really fast. Today, we have our Azure networking Today, we have our Azure networking Today, we have our Azure networking operations team who has built such an operations team who has built such an operations team who has built such an agentic system that are not only agentic system that are not only agentic system that are not only coordinating with humans, but also other coordinating with humans, but also other coordinating with humans, but also other agentic systems to resolve incidents agentic systems to resolve incidents agentic systems to resolve incidents like this. like this. like this. We're going to build one such agent We're going to build one such agent We're going to build one such agent today, autonomous fiber outage response today, autonomous fiber outage response today, autonomous fiber outage response agent. I know it's a handful, but agent. I know it's a handful, but agent. I know it's a handful, but So, the sensor may So, the sensor may So, the sensor may the sensor detects the fiber outage. the sensor detects the fiber outage. the sensor detects the fiber outage. And then it sends a signal to trigger And then it sends a signal to trigger And then it sends a signal to trigger the agent. the agent. the agent. The agent wakes up, and then it looks up The agent wakes up, and then it looks up The agent wakes up, and then it looks up all the informa- information in Foundry all the informa- information in Foundry all the informa- information in Foundry Toolbox. Toolbox. Toolbox. It looks up the work site reliability It looks up the work site reliability It looks up the work site reliability information as well as the location information as well as the location information as well as the location information in fabric IQ. information in fabric IQ. information in fabric IQ. It looks up the supplier conversations It looks up the supplier conversations It looks up the supplier conversations information in work IQ. information in work IQ. information in work IQ. It looks up all the specific work orders It looks up all the specific work orders It looks up all the specific work orders as well as supplier agreement as well as supplier agreement as well as supplier agreement information in relevant documents information in relevant documents information in relevant documents through our document intelligence and through our document intelligence and through our document intelligence and content understanding service. content understanding service. content understanding service. It then dispatches a field rep to go It then dispatches a field rep to go It then dispatches a field rep to go respond to the incident. respond to the incident. respond to the incident. It files a ticket to be tracked in D365. It files a ticket to be tracked in D365. It files a ticket to be tracked in D365. And then it publishes the latest status And then it publishes the latest status And then it publishes the latest status right into Teams, so everyone is aware right into Teams, so everyone is aware right into Teams, so everyone is aware of what's going on. So we're going to show you the demo So we're going to show you the demo So we're going to show you the demo through three developer phases: build, through three developer phases: build, through three developer phases: build, deploy, and operate. All in a continuous deploy, and operate. All in a continuous deploy, and operate. All in a continuous learning and continuous improvement learning and continuous improvement learning and continuous improvement loop. loop. loop. So that is a what and the why. Let us So that is a what and the why. Let us So that is a what and the why. Let us now show you the how. Jeff, let's show now show you the how. Jeff, let's show now show you the how. Jeff, let's show what a developer can do. what a developer can do. what a developer can do. &gt;&gt; Great. Awesome. Thanks so much, Tina. &gt;&gt; Great. Awesome. Thanks so much, Tina. &gt;&gt; Great. Awesome. Thanks so much, Tina. And as she mentioned, we actually want And as she mentioned, we actually want And as she mentioned, we actually want to spend the majority of today showing to spend the majority of today showing to spend the majority of today showing you this in action. As much as everybody you this in action. As much as everybody you this in action. As much as everybody loves looking at slides created by our loves looking at slides created by our loves looking at slides created by our amazing marketing team, we're going to amazing marketing team, we're going to amazing marketing team, we're going to spend the majority of the session spend the majority of the session spend the majority of the session actually building this live. So let's go actually building this live. So let's go actually building this live. So let's go ahead and talk about some of the ahead and talk about some of the ahead and talk about some of the problems that we're going to surface on problems that we're going to surface on problems that we're going to surface on here on the next slide. In this build here on the next slide. In this build here on the next slide. In this build phase, the part of the phase that has to phase, the part of the phase that has to phase, the part of the phase that has to do with actually creating these agents. do with actually creating these agents. do with actually creating these agents. Cuz as a developer, I have a bunch of Cuz as a developer, I have a bunch of Cuz as a developer, I have a bunch of pieces in the next slide. Oh, we're pieces in the next slide. Oh, we're pieces in the next slide. Oh, we're showing my screen. That's fine. I'll showing my screen. That's fine. I'll showing my screen. That's fine. I'll talk to this screen for a second. I'll talk to this screen for a second. I'll talk to this screen for a second. I'll just tell you the challenges. Don't just tell you the challenges. Don't just tell you the challenges. Don't worry. Visualize the slide in your mind. worry. Visualize the slide in your mind. worry. Visualize the slide in your mind. team made a great one. Uh, there's a few team made a great one. Uh, there's a few team made a great one. Uh, there's a few challenges on the build phase. It's challenges on the build phase. It's challenges on the build phase. It's like, how do I choose the right like, how do I choose the right like, how do I choose the right framework? How do I choose the right framework? How do I choose the right framework? How do I choose the right model? How do I make sure that my agent model? How do I make sure that my agent model? How do I make sure that my agent has access to the right context? Think has access to the right context? Think has access to the right context? Think of all the knowledge and information in of all the knowledge and information in of all the knowledge and information in your organization that is helping your your organization that is helping your your organization that is helping your agent be powered. How do you get all of agent be powered. How do you get all of agent be powered. How do you get all of that integrated, secured with the right that integrated, secured with the right that integrated, secured with the right identity, and ready to run even in identity, and ready to run even in identity, and ready to run even in natural interfaces? Sometimes that might natural interfaces? Sometimes that might natural interfaces? Sometimes that might be through chat experiences, other times be through chat experiences, other times be through chat experiences, other times that might be through voice. Now, part that might be through voice. Now, part that might be through voice. Now, part of what I want you to pay attention to of what I want you to pay attention to of what I want you to pay attention to as we go through building this today as we go through building this today as we go through building this today is well, many of these pieces exist in is well, many of these pieces exist in is well, many of these pieces exist in the ecosystem, what we really want to the ecosystem, what we really want to the ecosystem, what we really want to provide for you here in Foundry is a provide for you here in Foundry is a provide for you here in Foundry is a single platform that brings it all single platform that brings it all single platform that brings it all together. So, I'm not going to have to together. So, I'm not going to have to together. So, I'm not going to have to jump between a whole bunch of different jump between a whole bunch of different jump between a whole bunch of different tools and platforms to do what we've tools and platforms to do what we've tools and platforms to do what we've described and making sure that we are described and making sure that we are described and making sure that we are repairing our fiber optics lines if repairing our fiber optics lines if repairing our fiber optics lines if something was ever to happen at one of something was ever to happen at one of something was ever to happen at one of our uh regional centers. So, let's get our uh regional centers. So, let's get our uh regional centers. So, let's get started. You can see here, I just have a started. You can see here, I just have a started. You can see here, I just have a blank canvas. You can use any tool that blank canvas. You can use any tool that blank canvas. You can use any tool that you want when working with Foundry. you want when working with Foundry. you want when working with Foundry. Whether you like Cloud Code, GitHub Whether you like Cloud Code, GitHub Whether you like Cloud Code, GitHub Copilot CLI, Cursor, Visual Studio, my Copilot CLI, Cursor, Visual Studio, my Copilot CLI, Cursor, Visual Studio, my personal favorite combo is Visual Studio personal favorite combo is Visual Studio personal favorite combo is Visual Studio Code with GitHub Copilot. Now, one of Code with GitHub Copilot. Now, one of Code with GitHub Copilot. Now, one of the reasons that I like it is because we the reasons that I like it is because we the reasons that I like it is because we have this Foundry Tool Kit extension. have this Foundry Tool Kit extension. have this Foundry Tool Kit extension. This is now generally available. You can This is now generally available. You can This is now generally available. You can see this actually gives me a bunch of see this actually gives me a bunch of see this actually gives me a bunch of pieces that I need for this entire flow. pieces that I need for this entire flow. pieces that I need for this entire flow. It's not just about creating agents. You It's not just about creating agents. You It's not just about creating agents. You can see I have information here about can see I have information here about can see I have information here about tracing and evaluations, making sure I tracing and evaluations, making sure I tracing and evaluations, making sure I have the right models. All of this is have the right models. All of this is have the right models. All of this is right here integrated for me. Now, if I right here integrated for me. Now, if I right here integrated for me. Now, if I want to go ahead and create a new agent, want to go ahead and create a new agent, want to go ahead and create a new agent, I have a few different options. I could I have a few different options. I could I have a few different options. I could use one of our samples if I'm just use one of our samples if I'm just use one of our samples if I'm just trying to get a feel for what's possible trying to get a feel for what's possible trying to get a feel for what's possible or my personal preference is to generate or my personal preference is to generate or my personal preference is to generate with Copilot. Now, we can help give you with Copilot. Now, we can help give you with Copilot. Now, we can help give you an idea right here, but let's go ahead an idea right here, but let's go ahead an idea right here, but let's go ahead and build the scenario that's closer to and build the scenario that's closer to and build the scenario that's closer to what we want, which is hey, help me what we want, which is hey, help me what we want, which is hey, help me create an agent that can act with our create an agent that can act with our create an agent that can act with our field operations team. When somebody field operations team. When somebody field operations team. When somebody goes on site to try to repair one of goes on site to try to repair one of goes on site to try to repair one of these fiber optic lines, I want to make these fiber optic lines, I want to make these fiber optic lines, I want to make sure that they have the right sure that they have the right sure that they have the right information, whether it's from Work IQ information, whether it's from Work IQ information, whether it's from Work IQ or Fabric IQ or Foundry IQ to actually or Fabric IQ or Foundry IQ to actually or Fabric IQ or Foundry IQ to actually go do this. Now, let's go ahead and not go do this. Now, let's go ahead and not go do this. Now, let's go ahead and not install a new model. install a new model. install a new model. No. Uh but, this will go ahead and work No. Uh but, this will go ahead and work No. Uh but, this will go ahead and work behind the scenes. One of the things behind the scenes. One of the things behind the scenes. One of the things that I love about this extension, which that I love about this extension, which that I love about this extension, which we're just going to let this play we're just going to let this play we're just going to let this play nicely. Sure, just download it. If it's nicely. Sure, just download it. If it's nicely. Sure, just download it. If it's going to make you happy, let's go ahead going to make you happy, let's go ahead going to make you happy, let's go ahead and download this. Okay. So, one of the and download this. Okay. So, one of the and download this. Okay. So, one of the things that I love about this extension, things that I love about this extension, things that I love about this extension, this is how you know, by the way, this this is how you know, by the way, this this is how you know, by the way, this is as live as it gets, is that this is as live as it gets, is that this is as live as it gets, is that this actually integrates with it best actually integrates with it best actually integrates with it best practices automatically from Foundry. practices automatically from Foundry. practices automatically from Foundry. So, this includes, if I get rid of all So, this includes, if I get rid of all So, this includes, if I get rid of all of these pop-ups, oh my goodness, this of these pop-ups, oh my goodness, this of these pop-ups, oh my goodness, this AI agent expert, this has baked in a AI agent expert, this has baked in a AI agent expert, this has baked in a bunch of skills out of the box based on bunch of skills out of the box based on bunch of skills out of the box based on Foundry best practices. So, you can Foundry best practices. So, you can Foundry best practices. So, you can install these skills standalone into install these skills standalone into install these skills standalone into your coding agent, but this extension your coding agent, but this extension your coding agent, but this extension will actually integrate them will actually integrate them will actually integrate them automatically with my workload, so that automatically with my workload, so that automatically with my workload, so that as it's generating the agent, it's able as it's generating the agent, it's able as it's generating the agent, it's able to do so with the right best practices. to do so with the right best practices. to do so with the right best practices. Okay. Let's go back here. Get this Okay. Let's go back here. Get this Okay. Let's go back here. Get this desktop out of the way. Let's jump desktop out of the way. Let's jump desktop out of the way. Let's jump ahead. Hey Copilot, you generated this ahead. Hey Copilot, you generated this ahead. Hey Copilot, you generated this amazing agent. It pulled it out of the amazing agent. It pulled it out of the amazing agent. It pulled it out of the oven a little bit. That's fine. All oven a little bit. That's fine. All oven a little bit. That's fine. All right, a few things here I want to call right, a few things here I want to call right, a few things here I want to call out. Like I said, Foundry, you can use out. Like I said, Foundry, you can use out. Like I said, Foundry, you can use any framework that you want. I'm any framework that you want. I'm any framework that you want. I'm personally here using Microsoft's agent personally here using Microsoft's agent personally here using Microsoft's agent framework inside of Python. Now, agent framework inside of Python. Now, agent framework inside of Python. Now, agent framework is phenomenal at doing things framework is phenomenal at doing things framework is phenomenal at doing things like multi-step or multi-agent like multi-step or multi-agent like multi-step or multi-agent workflows. One of the new capabilities workflows. One of the new capabilities workflows. One of the new capabilities that we're actually leveraging in this that we're actually leveraging in this that we're actually leveraging in this is the new harness inside of agent is the new harness inside of agent is the new harness inside of agent framework. This gives a secure framework. This gives a secure framework. This gives a secure environment for your agent to be able to environment for your agent to be able to environment for your agent to be able to do things like execute shell commands, do things like execute shell commands, do things like execute shell commands, read, write, and execute code all with a read, write, and execute code all with a read, write, and execute code all with a harness that's operating and managing harness that's operating and managing harness that's operating and managing with it. I can even plug in the GitHub with it. I can even plug in the GitHub with it. I can even plug in the GitHub Copilot SDK as an additional harness as Copilot SDK as an additional harness as Copilot SDK as an additional harness as I want. Now, this makes these agents I want. Now, this makes these agents I want. Now, this makes these agents much more capable. Agents today are no much more capable. Agents today are no much more capable. Agents today are no longer just about executing the longer just about executing the longer just about executing the predefined tools that you've configured. predefined tools that you've configured. predefined tools that you've configured. It can actually dynamically do It can actually dynamically do It can actually dynamically do investigations, code writing, and code investigations, code writing, and code investigations, code writing, and code authoring along the way. You're going to authoring along the way. You're going to authoring along the way. You're going to see that as we go throughout the rest of see that as we go throughout the rest of see that as we go throughout the rest of this demo. Now, one critical piece of this demo. Now, one critical piece of this demo. Now, one critical piece of any agent is having access to the right any agent is having access to the right any agent is having access to the right tools. So, I'm going to show you here tools. So, I'm going to show you here tools. So, I'm going to show you here right inside of Visual Studio Code how I right inside of Visual Studio Code how I right inside of Visual Studio Code how I can go ahead and start to add and can go ahead and start to add and can go ahead and start to add and integrate with various tools. Now, if integrate with various tools. Now, if integrate with various tools. Now, if there's one feature that I want you to there's one feature that I want you to there's one feature that I want you to remember when it comes to tools, it is remember when it comes to tools, it is remember when it comes to tools, it is Foundry Toolbox. Now, I can actually Foundry Toolbox. Now, I can actually Foundry Toolbox. Now, I can actually manage this right here in Visual Studio manage this right here in Visual Studio manage this right here in Visual Studio Code. This gives me a bunch of stuff Code. This gives me a bunch of stuff Code. This gives me a bunch of stuff automatically. First, I can configure automatically. First, I can configure automatically. First, I can configure for this agent or a collection of agents for this agent or a collection of agents for this agent or a collection of agents a set of tools that I want to configure a set of tools that I want to configure a set of tools that I want to configure for my task to be done. Now, what for my task to be done. Now, what for my task to be done. Now, what Toolbox is going to do is it gives me a Toolbox is going to do is it gives me a Toolbox is going to do is it gives me a single spot to manage them all. It's single spot to manage them all. It's single spot to manage them all. It's handling authentication between things handling authentication between things handling authentication between things like Foundry IQ where I have different like Foundry IQ where I have different like Foundry IQ where I have different documents that I've indexed around like documents that I've indexed around like documents that I've indexed around like our supplier contracts or our supplier our supplier contracts or our supplier our supplier contracts or our supplier agreements. It integrates with things agreements. It integrates with things agreements. It integrates with things like Web IQ and web search. You can see like Web IQ and web search. You can see like Web IQ and web search. You can see here I've integrated Fabric IQ. I have a here I've integrated Fabric IQ. I have a here I've integrated Fabric IQ. I have a bunch of site reliability data. Hey, how bunch of site reliability data. Hey, how bunch of site reliability data. Hey, how are my sites in terms of uptime and are my sites in terms of uptime and are my sites in terms of uptime and reliability? That's all surfaced through reliability? That's all surfaced through reliability? That's all surfaced through Fabric, which I'm using Fabric IQ to Fabric, which I'm using Fabric IQ to Fabric, which I'm using Fabric IQ to integrate with. And I also want to make integrate with. And I also want to make integrate with. And I also want to make sure I have a history and access to sure I have a history and access to sure I have a history and access to integrate with things like tools from integrate with things like tools from integrate with things like tools from Teams and Outlook. So, I'm able to add Teams and Outlook. So, I'm able to add Teams and Outlook. So, I'm able to add work IQ here. Toolbox gives me this one work IQ here. Toolbox gives me this one work IQ here. Toolbox gives me this one spot. It's going to manage the spot. It's going to manage the spot. It's going to manage the authentication. authentication. authentication. I can set guardrails as well. So, if I I can set guardrails as well. So, if I I can set guardrails as well. So, if I want to make sure that I'm specifying want to make sure that I'm specifying want to make sure that I'm specifying and making sure that personally and making sure that personally and making sure that personally identifiable information doesn't leak identifiable information doesn't leak identifiable information doesn't leak from any of these tools, I can configure from any of these tools, I can configure from any of these tools, I can configure that right away. I love this specific that right away. I love this specific that right away. I love this specific feature of Toolbox, which is called tool feature of Toolbox, which is called tool feature of Toolbox, which is called tool search. If you think about all of the search. If you think about all of the search. If you think about all of the context required for my agent to reason context required for my agent to reason context required for my agent to reason around all of these tools, not all of around all of these tools, not all of around all of these tools, not all of them might be relevant. So, if I turn on them might be relevant. So, if I turn on them might be relevant. So, if I turn on tool search, whenever I talk to Toolbox tool search, whenever I talk to Toolbox tool search, whenever I talk to Toolbox through the single MCP compatible through the single MCP compatible through the single MCP compatible endpoint, it will only return back the endpoint, it will only return back the endpoint, it will only return back the tools that are relevant for that tools that are relevant for that tools that are relevant for that specific task. Now, this allows me to specific task. Now, this allows me to specific task. Now, this allows me to really optimize my context utilization really optimize my context utilization really optimize my context utilization and my context window so I can keep my and my context window so I can keep my and my context window so I can keep my agent focused on its most immediate agent focused on its most immediate agent focused on its most immediate needs. Now, one more thing I'll just needs. Now, one more thing I'll just needs. Now, one more thing I'll just slip in here very quickly. I could add slip in here very quickly. I could add slip in here very quickly. I could add additional tools. We have thousands of additional tools. We have thousands of additional tools. We have thousands of them. One of the cool ones here is them. One of the cool ones here is them. One of the cool ones here is actually content understanding. There's actually content understanding. There's actually content understanding. There's a session later tomorrow on content a session later tomorrow on content a session later tomorrow on content understanding I'd recommend you check understanding I'd recommend you check understanding I'd recommend you check out. But what content understanding lets out. But what content understanding lets out. But what content understanding lets me do is like I have a document here. me do is like I have a document here. me do is like I have a document here. This is actually a PDF document. You can This is actually a PDF document. You can This is actually a PDF document. You can see it's a PDF but it has tabular data. see it's a PDF but it has tabular data. see it's a PDF but it has tabular data. It's not very agent readable, not It's not very agent readable, not It's not very agent readable, not without additional analysis. What without additional analysis. What without additional analysis. What content understanding will do is it will content understanding will do is it will content understanding will do is it will use a specialized model to turn a PDF of use a specialized model to turn a PDF of use a specialized model to turn a PDF of a document, a contract, a specification, a document, a contract, a specification, a document, a contract, a specification, you name it. And it will actually you name it. And it will actually you name it. And it will actually convert it into an agent and AI ready convert it into an agent and AI ready convert it into an agent and AI ready format. So I can pull out the tables, format. So I can pull out the tables, format. So I can pull out the tables, the markdown, the figures, or even get the markdown, the figures, or even get the markdown, the figures, or even get the raw JSON. the raw JSON. the raw JSON. So that's what I've connected my agent So that's what I've connected my agent So that's what I've connected my agent to do. So now I have this fiber to do. So now I have this fiber to do. So now I have this fiber operations agent. I've got everything operations agent. I've got everything operations agent. I've got everything that I need here. I've connected the that I need here. I've connected the that I need here. I've connected the right tools. The other thing that I love right tools. The other thing that I love right tools. The other thing that I love about working right here inside of about working right here inside of about working right here inside of Visual Studio Code is I can do this Visual Studio Code is I can do this Visual Studio Code is I can do this magical gesture. When we think about, magical gesture. When we think about, magical gesture. When we think about, you know, Satya's keynote today and we you know, Satya's keynote today and we you know, Satya's keynote today and we were showing how cool it is that now you were showing how cool it is that now you were showing how cool it is that now you can have UI and code working together. can have UI and code working together. can have UI and code working together. Well, in foundry I can F5 debug my Well, in foundry I can F5 debug my Well, in foundry I can F5 debug my agent. So it's actually spinning up my agent. So it's actually spinning up my agent. So it's actually spinning up my agent locally. It's going to connect to agent locally. It's going to connect to agent locally. It's going to connect to toolbox. In fact, I can show you how toolbox. In fact, I can show you how toolbox. In fact, I can show you how simple the line is to integrate with simple the line is to integrate with simple the line is to integrate with toolbox. It's a single MCP compatible toolbox. It's a single MCP compatible toolbox. It's a single MCP compatible endpoint that I can integrate with. And endpoint that I can integrate with. And endpoint that I can integrate with. And this is now spun up for me on my local this is now spun up for me on my local this is now spun up for me on my local host, my agent that I can start to host, my agent that I can start to host, my agent that I can start to interact with. So let's go ahead and ask interact with. So let's go ahead and ask interact with. So let's go ahead and ask this a question. this a question. this a question. I say, "Hey, you know, I'm on site. I'm I say, "Hey, you know, I'm on site. I'm I say, "Hey, you know, I'm on site. I'm trying to figure out why there's some trying to figure out why there's some trying to figure out why there's some downtime. Can you help me understand why downtime. Can you help me understand why downtime. Can you help me understand why this or what is the right connection this or what is the right connection this or what is the right connection type that I should use?" Now, you'll type that I should use?" Now, you'll type that I should use?" Now, you'll notice ahead of time I actually set a notice ahead of time I actually set a notice ahead of time I actually set a breakpoint. My breakpoint was hit. If I breakpoint. My breakpoint was hit. If I breakpoint. My breakpoint was hit. If I wanted to inspect a little bit more of wanted to inspect a little bit more of wanted to inspect a little bit more of the request or the response, I have all the request or the response, I have all the request or the response, I have all of the tools and debugging that I would of the tools and debugging that I would of the tools and debugging that I would need to make sure the agent is behaving need to make sure the agent is behaving need to make sure the agent is behaving how I want to. And right here, all how I want to. And right here, all how I want to. And right here, all inside of Visual Studio Code, this has inside of Visual Studio Code, this has inside of Visual Studio Code, this has been my home the entire time, I can see been my home the entire time, I can see been my home the entire time, I can see the different events that are streaming the different events that are streaming the different events that are streaming in and out of the agent and how it's in and out of the agent and how it's in and out of the agent and how it's working to answer this question. So this working to answer this question. So this working to answer this question. So this gives me me building flow, pulling in gives me me building flow, pulling in gives me me building flow, pulling in the right tools from the right context, the right tools from the right context, the right tools from the right context, whether it's web or foundry or fabric or whether it's web or foundry or fabric or whether it's web or foundry or fabric or the Microsoft graph with work IQ, the Microsoft graph with work IQ, the Microsoft graph with work IQ, connecting them with a framework that connecting them with a framework that connecting them with a framework that has a harness to actually go in, has a harness to actually go in, has a harness to actually go in, understand things like the specification understand things like the specification understand things like the specification that it needs to look up. There's one that it needs to look up. There's one that it needs to look up. There's one more thing I want to show here, which is more thing I want to show here, which is more thing I want to show here, which is that while this is useful, if I was, you that while this is useful, if I was, you that while this is useful, if I was, you know, deploying this as a chat know, deploying this as a chat know, deploying this as a chat application, that maybe I want one of application, that maybe I want one of application, that maybe I want one of these contractors to use when they're these contractors to use when they're these contractors to use when they're repairing the site, they're also on the repairing the site, they're also on the repairing the site, they're also on the job, right? When I'm asking a question job, right? When I'm asking a question job, right? When I'm asking a question about the Quincy North Site connection about the Quincy North Site connection about the Quincy North Site connection type, I'm probably wearing something type, I'm probably wearing something type, I'm probably wearing something like work gloves, my hands are probably like work gloves, my hands are probably like work gloves, my hands are probably occupied. Using a chat interface with occupied. Using a chat interface with occupied. Using a chat interface with gloves, leather gloves, is not a good gloves, leather gloves, is not a good gloves, leather gloves, is not a good experience, okay? So, I want to now experience, okay? So, I want to now experience, okay? So, I want to now voice-enable this agent. And in Foundry, voice-enable this agent. And in Foundry, voice-enable this agent. And in Foundry, we want to make that very easy as well. we want to make that very easy as well. we want to make that very easy as well. I can go ahead and choose now to deploy I can go ahead and choose now to deploy I can go ahead and choose now to deploy this agent into Foundry. this agent into Foundry. this agent into Foundry. So, this will take all of the code that So, this will take all of the code that So, this will take all of the code that I've run here and deploy it into my I've run here and deploy it into my I've run here and deploy it into my Foundry account. And what I can do here Foundry account. And what I can do here Foundry account. And what I can do here now is I'm going to switch to a version now is I'm going to switch to a version now is I'm going to switch to a version I deployed ahead. I deployed ahead. I deployed ahead. This is my favorite part of this demo. This is my favorite part of this demo. This is my favorite part of this demo. How easy is it to make your agent How easy is it to make your agent How easy is it to make your agent voice-enabled? Watch this. Here's the voice-enabled? Watch this. Here's the voice-enabled? Watch this. Here's the magic. Voice mode, done, okay? We will magic. Voice mode, done, okay? We will magic. Voice mode, done, okay? We will automatically wrap industry-leading automatically wrap industry-leading automatically wrap industry-leading voice models. I can configure them over voice models. I can configure them over voice models. I can configure them over here if I want to specialize them, here if I want to specialize them, here if I want to specialize them, choose the right voice model, but this choose the right voice model, but this choose the right voice model, but this is now taken what was built as a is now taken what was built as a is now taken what was built as a Microsoft Agent Framework agent, and I Microsoft Agent Framework agent, and I Microsoft Agent Framework agent, and I put this voice interface on it. So, now put this voice interface on it. So, now put this voice interface on it. So, now this is the real moment of truth. I'm this is the real moment of truth. I'm this is the real moment of truth. I'm going to go ahead and unmute my going to go ahead and unmute my going to go ahead and unmute my speakers, and we're going to try to talk speakers, and we're going to try to talk speakers, and we're going to try to talk to our agent friend here through voice. to our agent friend here through voice. to our agent friend here through voice. Hey, can you pull up the fiber Hey, can you pull up the fiber Hey, can you pull up the fiber termination spec for the Quincy North termination spec for the Quincy North termination spec for the Quincy North Site and tell me which connector I Site and tell me which connector I Site and tell me which connector I should use on the B side panel? should use on the B side panel? should use on the B side panel? Let's hope that the volume Let's hope that the volume Let's hope that the volume &gt;&gt; Just a sec. &gt;&gt; Just a sec. &gt;&gt; Just a sec. &gt;&gt; Okay, great. So, you can hear it &gt;&gt; Okay, great. So, you can hear it &gt;&gt; Okay, great. So, you can hear it starting to answer back. It's even has starting to answer back. It's even has starting to answer back. It's even has is the responses are streaming back in is the responses are streaming back in is the responses are streaming back in real time. This is open to web socket real time. This is open to web socket real time. This is open to web socket with that voice connection. So, it's now with that voice connection. So, it's now with that voice connection. So, it's now able to able to able to &gt;&gt; Welcome. Pulling that up now. &gt;&gt; Welcome. Pulling that up now. &gt;&gt; Welcome. Pulling that up now. &gt;&gt; Thank you for pulling that up now. So, &gt;&gt; Thank you for pulling that up now. So, &gt;&gt; Thank you for pulling that up now. So, it's reaching into those tools, right? it's reaching into those tools, right? it's reaching into those tools, right? It's iterating through toolbox and It's iterating through toolbox and It's iterating through toolbox and giving me little updates. giving me little updates. giving me little updates. &gt;&gt; Getting the spec now. &gt;&gt; Getting the spec now. &gt;&gt; Getting the spec now. &gt;&gt; This might not happen in in instantly, &gt;&gt; This might not happen in in instantly, &gt;&gt; This might not happen in in instantly, right? With agents like cloud code or right? With agents like cloud code or right? With agents like cloud code or copilot SDK. copilot SDK. copilot SDK. &gt;&gt; the spec now. Here are the fiber &gt;&gt; the spec now. Here are the fiber &gt;&gt; the spec now. Here are the fiber termination specifications for the termination specifications for the termination specifications for the Quincy North Site's B-side panel. Quincy North Site's B-side panel. Quincy North Site's B-side panel. Connector family, LC UPC duplex required Connector family, LC UPC duplex required Connector family, LC UPC duplex required on B-side panel. Five on B-side panel. Five on B-side panel. Five &gt;&gt; Great. That's pretty cool, right? Not &gt;&gt; Great. That's pretty cool, right? Not &gt;&gt; Great. That's pretty cool, right? Not not bad that I was able to turn this not bad that I was able to turn this not bad that I was able to turn this agent into a voice optimized agent in no agent into a voice optimized agent in no agent into a voice optimized agent in no time at all. All right. So, I'm going to time at all. All right. So, I'm going to time at all. All right. So, I'm going to bring Tina back on to take us into the bring Tina back on to take us into the bring Tina back on to take us into the next chapter of how we're going to take next chapter of how we're going to take next chapter of how we're going to take this agent that I just developed quickly this agent that I just developed quickly this agent that I just developed quickly in Visual Studio Code and deploy it at in Visual Studio Code and deploy it at in Visual Studio Code and deploy it at scale with Foundry. scale with Foundry. scale with Foundry. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Jeff. That was fantastic. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Jeff. That was fantastic. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Jeff. That was fantastic. Let's take a look at the features that Let's take a look at the features that Let's take a look at the features that Jeff just showed us. Okay. First is Microsoft Agent Framework Okay. First is Microsoft Agent Framework Okay. First is Microsoft Agent Framework now in version 1.0 production ready. As now in version 1.0 production ready. As now in version 1.0 production ready. As Jeff mentioned, Microsoft Agent Jeff mentioned, Microsoft Agent Jeff mentioned, Microsoft Agent Framework now has a built-in harness Framework now has a built-in harness Framework now has a built-in harness that's well integrated with skills, that's well integrated with skills, that's well integrated with skills, memory, middleware. memory, middleware. memory, middleware. It also has plugins integrations with It also has plugins integrations with It also has plugins integrations with harnesses such as GitHub Copilot SDK and harnesses such as GitHub Copilot SDK and harnesses such as GitHub Copilot SDK and Cloud Agent SDK. Cloud Agent SDK. Cloud Agent SDK. Foundry Toolkit for VS Code is now Foundry Toolkit for VS Code is now Foundry Toolkit for VS Code is now generally available. generally available. generally available. Foundry Toolkit provides a purpose-built Foundry Toolkit provides a purpose-built Foundry Toolkit provides a purpose-built developer experience for building developer experience for building developer experience for building Foundry agents without you having to Foundry agents without you having to Foundry agents without you having to ever leave the editor. ever leave the editor. ever leave the editor. Toolboxes in Foundry is generally Toolboxes in Foundry is generally Toolboxes in Foundry is generally available soon. available soon. available soon. Toolboxes provide one single managed Toolboxes provide one single managed Toolboxes provide one single managed endpoint for all the tools that are endpoint for all the tools that are endpoint for all the tools that are making your agents powerful, all with making your agents powerful, all with making your agents powerful, all with the right governance and policy in the right governance and policy in the right governance and policy in place. place. place. Skills are now a first-class integration Skills are now a first-class integration Skills are now a first-class integration with toolboxes as well. with toolboxes as well. with toolboxes as well. Voice live integration with foundry Voice live integration with foundry Voice live integration with foundry agent service is generally available agent service is generally available agent service is generally available today for prompt agents and in public today for prompt agents and in public today for prompt agents and in public preview for hosted agents to support our preview for hosted agents to support our preview for hosted agents to support our sweet speech and voice sweet speech and voice sweet speech and voice use scenarios. use scenarios. use scenarios. I'm super excited to announce that I'm super excited to announce that I'm super excited to announce that hosted agents in foundry agent service hosted agents in foundry agent service hosted agents in foundry agent service is generally available soon. is generally available soon. is generally available soon. Per session sandbox isolation Per session sandbox isolation Per session sandbox isolation sub second cold start sub second cold start sub second cold start zero idle time cost framework agnostic zero idle time cost framework agnostic zero idle time cost framework agnostic that's foundry hosted agents. that's foundry hosted agents. that's foundry hosted agents. Now even supports long running Now even supports long running Now even supports long running autonomous agents such as open cloud and autonomous agents such as open cloud and autonomous agents such as open cloud and Hermes agents. Hermes agents. Hermes agents. All with durable state execution and All with durable state execution and All with durable state execution and file system access. file system access. file system access. Super exciting and now that we have a Super exciting and now that we have a Super exciting and now that we have a local agent we scaffolded on a laptop, local agent we scaffolded on a laptop, local agent we scaffolded on a laptop, how do we now get it into production, how do we now get it into production, how do we now get it into production, Jeff? Jeff? Jeff? &gt;&gt; All right, let's check it out. So if we &gt;&gt; All right, let's check it out. So if we &gt;&gt; All right, let's check it out. So if we want to think of the next set of want to think of the next set of want to think of the next set of challenges that we have that Tina challenges that we have that Tina challenges that we have that Tina addressed, if I think of the agents addressed, if I think of the agents addressed, if I think of the agents today that are really transforming even today that are really transforming even today that are really transforming even how I work, these are not just reactive how I work, these are not just reactive how I work, these are not just reactive based agents that I go to with a based agents that I go to with a based agents that I go to with a question in a chat window and they come question in a chat window and they come question in a chat window and they come back to me with an answer. These are back to me with an answer. These are back to me with an answer. These are agents that I need to be long running agents that I need to be long running agents that I need to be long running that are maintaining and building that are maintaining and building that are maintaining and building context over time, accomplishing tasks context over time, accomplishing tasks context over time, accomplishing tasks that might take days or even weeks. Now that might take days or even weeks. Now that might take days or even weeks. Now I need to be able to do that in a secure I need to be able to do that in a secure I need to be able to do that in a secure way. If we think about these types of way. If we think about these types of way. If we think about these types of agents that I mentioned that have this agents that I mentioned that have this agents that I mentioned that have this agent harness these might be reading and agent harness these might be reading and agent harness these might be reading and writing code. I want to make sure that writing code. I want to make sure that writing code. I want to make sure that I'm isolating these instances from each I'm isolating these instances from each I'm isolating these instances from each other. Now I want to make sure that I'm other. Now I want to make sure that I'm other. Now I want to make sure that I'm getting these also in front of users getting these also in front of users getting these also in front of users through the interfaces that they care through the interfaces that they care through the interfaces that they care about. I don't want to make everybody about. I don't want to make everybody about. I don't want to make everybody add 10 new bookmarks to their browser to add 10 new bookmarks to their browser to add 10 new bookmarks to their browser to remember the 10 cool agents that the remember the 10 cool agents that the remember the 10 cool agents that the team is building. And each one of these team is building. And each one of these team is building. And each one of these agents starts to become a lot more like agents starts to become a lot more like agents starts to become a lot more like a teammate. Somebody who is helping a teammate. Somebody who is helping a teammate. Somebody who is helping alongside, being proactive, giving me alongside, being proactive, giving me alongside, being proactive, giving me suggestions as I go. So we want to bring suggestions as I go. So we want to bring suggestions as I go. So we want to bring those same capabilities into this agent those same capabilities into this agent those same capabilities into this agent that we started here. So I'm going to that we started here. So I'm going to that we started here. So I'm going to show now on my laptop, uh a different show now on my laptop, uh a different show now on my laptop, uh a different flavor of our agent friend. And this is flavor of our agent friend. And this is flavor of our agent friend. And this is my agent called Fiby. Now, Fiby is a my agent called Fiby. Now, Fiby is a my agent called Fiby. Now, Fiby is a claw-like agent. Fiby is monitoring, claw-like agent. Fiby is monitoring, claw-like agent. Fiby is monitoring, uh uh our telemetry and our uptime for uh uh our telemetry and our uptime for uh uh our telemetry and our uptime for our networking over time. And I'm going our networking over time. And I'm going our networking over time. And I'm going to show you some of the capabilities in to show you some of the capabilities in to show you some of the capabilities in Foundry that allow me to build these Foundry that allow me to build these Foundry that allow me to build these claw-like agents right here. And we'll claw-like agents right here. And we'll claw-like agents right here. And we'll talk about more. There's a whole session talk about more. There's a whole session talk about more. There's a whole session that goes into this tomorrow morning. that goes into this tomorrow morning. that goes into this tomorrow morning. So, you can go in. One of the coolest So, you can go in. One of the coolest So, you can go in. One of the coolest pieces here is this new feature in pieces here is this new feature in pieces here is this new feature in Foundry called routines. This is really Foundry called routines. This is really Foundry called routines. This is really what makes my agents become proactive what makes my agents become proactive what makes my agents become proactive instead of reactive. I can set up instead of reactive. I can set up instead of reactive. I can set up different events that can actually different events that can actually different events that can actually proactively wake my agent on different proactively wake my agent on different proactively wake my agent on different tasks. So, you can see here I configured tasks. So, you can see here I configured tasks. So, you can see here I configured a simple heartbeat. We'll go ahead and a simple heartbeat. We'll go ahead and a simple heartbeat. We'll go ahead and open this up. So, I've told this thing, open this up. So, I've told this thing, open this up. So, I've told this thing, "Hey, every hour I want you to wake up "Hey, every hour I want you to wake up "Hey, every hour I want you to wake up and I need you to do a few things. I and I need you to do a few things. I and I need you to do a few things. I want you to check the investigation log. want you to check the investigation log. want you to check the investigation log. I want you to see if there's any I want you to see if there's any I want you to see if there's any anomalies. If there's any anomalies, I anomalies. If there's any anomalies, I anomalies. If there's any anomalies, I need you to follow the different skills need you to follow the different skills need you to follow the different skills that you have to make sure that you're that you have to make sure that you're that you have to make sure that you're alerting the right person, that you're alerting the right person, that you're alerting the right person, that you're issuing the right subcontractor." The issuing the right subcontractor." The issuing the right subcontractor." The Azure networking team actually does this Azure networking team actually does this Azure networking team actually does this in real life. When an incident happens in real life. When an incident happens in real life. When an incident happens that affects some of our networking, an that affects some of our networking, an that affects some of our networking, an agent can automatically interact, wait agent can automatically interact, wait agent can automatically interact, wait for human approval as necessary, and for human approval as necessary, and for human approval as necessary, and start to get somebody on site to go start to get somebody on site to go start to get somebody on site to go repair the site. So, this heartbeat, repair the site. So, this heartbeat, repair the site. So, this heartbeat, this routine is part of what enables this routine is part of what enables this routine is part of what enables this thing to be proactive cuz it's this thing to be proactive cuz it's this thing to be proactive cuz it's going to check for these anomalies on going to check for these anomalies on going to check for these anomalies on its own. So, you can see that over the its own. So, you can see that over the its own. So, you can see that over the last bit, this has actually been firing last bit, this has actually been firing last bit, this has actually been firing off a number of these different off a number of these different off a number of these different routines. Now, one piece that's critical routines. Now, one piece that's critical routines. Now, one piece that's critical here for these long-running agents is here for these long-running agents is here for these long-running agents is around security. So, of course, if around security. So, of course, if around security. So, of course, if you're thinking about claw-like agents, you're thinking about claw-like agents, you're thinking about claw-like agents, you probably have in your mind like a you probably have in your mind like a you probably have in your mind like a dedicated Windows machine or maybe a dedicated Windows machine or maybe a dedicated Windows machine or maybe a dedicated Mac Mini. The reason that dedicated Mac Mini. The reason that dedicated Mac Mini. The reason that folks do that is you want to make sure folks do that is you want to make sure folks do that is you want to make sure as this agent works in its workspace, as this agent works in its workspace, as this agent works in its workspace, that it's doing so in a secure way. that it's doing so in a secure way. that it's doing so in a secure way. Imagine that I have subcontractor A and Imagine that I have subcontractor A and Imagine that I have subcontractor A and subcontractor B, and they're both subcontractor B, and they're both subcontractor B, and they're both interacting with Fiby in different ways. interacting with Fiby in different ways. interacting with Fiby in different ways. Well, what if Fiby is reading and Well, what if Fiby is reading and Well, what if Fiby is reading and writing files that has subcontractor A writing files that has subcontractor A writing files that has subcontractor A specific or sensitive data in it, And specific or sensitive data in it, And specific or sensitive data in it, And it's actually saving those files it's actually saving those files it's actually saving those files locally. locally. locally. Well, what if that same process, that Well, what if that same process, that Well, what if that same process, that same agent, subcontractor B's agent, same agent, subcontractor B's agent, same agent, subcontractor B's agent, gets a little bit creative and it goes gets a little bit creative and it goes gets a little bit creative and it goes and pulls some of those files, right? and pulls some of those files, right? and pulls some of those files, right? You can start to leak context, you can You can start to leak context, you can You can start to leak context, you can start to leak code execution, it becomes start to leak code execution, it becomes start to leak code execution, it becomes a nightmare. We want to make that easy a nightmare. We want to make that easy a nightmare. We want to make that easy for everyone to solve. So, this new for everyone to solve. So, this new for everyone to solve. So, this new hosted agent capability that Tina hosted agent capability that Tina hosted agent capability that Tina mentioned becomes generally available mentioned becomes generally available mentioned becomes generally available soon. The way that this works is every soon. The way that this works is every soon. The way that this works is every single conversation, every single single conversation, every single single conversation, every single routine, if I want, can kick off its own routine, if I want, can kick off its own routine, if I want, can kick off its own dedicated session. So, you can see here dedicated session. So, you can see here dedicated session. So, you can see here I have a number of sessions that have I have a number of sessions that have I have a number of sessions that have kicked off. Each one of these is its own kicked off. Each one of these is its own kicked off. Each one of these is its own isolated workspace. So, everything the isolated workspace. So, everything the isolated workspace. So, everything the agent does happens separate from every agent does happens separate from every agent does happens separate from every other conversation, but I still have other conversation, but I still have other conversation, but I still have durable persistent state. So, for durable persistent state. So, for durable persistent state. So, for instance, I can open this one that's instance, I can open this one that's instance, I can open this one that's been idle since 11:00 a.m. this morning, been idle since 11:00 a.m. this morning, been idle since 11:00 a.m. this morning, it looks like. I can see the logs of it looks like. I can see the logs of it looks like. I can see the logs of this routine. this routine. this routine. And I can actually inspect what was the And I can actually inspect what was the And I can actually inspect what was the state of the file system when this went state of the file system when this went state of the file system when this went idle. So, as this loads up, you can see idle. So, as this loads up, you can see idle. So, as this loads up, you can see this actually saved a number of files to this actually saved a number of files to this actually saved a number of files to its file system. You can see it had some its file system. You can see it had some its file system. You can see it had some anomaly analysis, some vendor contacts, anomaly analysis, some vendor contacts, anomaly analysis, some vendor contacts, some investigation. This is all some investigation. This is all some investigation. This is all breadcrumbs that the agent is able to breadcrumbs that the agent is able to breadcrumbs that the agent is able to write, just like a claw-like agent on my write, just like a claw-like agent on my write, just like a claw-like agent on my machine, but it's now doing so securely machine, but it's now doing so securely machine, but it's now doing so securely in the cloud. Now, I mentioned this is in the cloud. Now, I mentioned this is in the cloud. Now, I mentioned this is idle, which is awesome because this is idle, which is awesome because this is idle, which is awesome because this is waiting for an approval or maybe it waiting for an approval or maybe it waiting for an approval or maybe it didn't find any event right now. I'm not didn't find any event right now. I'm not didn't find any event right now. I'm not paying any money when this is idle. But paying any money when this is idle. But paying any money when this is idle. But what happens when it needs to wake up what happens when it needs to wake up what happens when it needs to wake up again? Well, when it wakes up, we will again? Well, when it wakes up, we will again? Well, when it wakes up, we will resume the session, we will take all of resume the session, we will take all of resume the session, we will take all of the state of that session, all of those the state of that session, all of those the state of that session, all of those investigation files, we'll give it back investigation files, we'll give it back investigation files, we'll give it back to the agent to continue its work. In to the agent to continue its work. In to the agent to continue its work. In fact, I've extended these out-of-the-box fact, I've extended these out-of-the-box fact, I've extended these out-of-the-box sessions with the durable task sessions with the durable task sessions with the durable task scheduler. This allows me to monitor the scheduler. This allows me to monitor the scheduler. This allows me to monitor the state even when all of my sessions are state even when all of my sessions are state even when all of my sessions are idle. So, let me give you an example. idle. So, let me give you an example. idle. So, let me give you an example. Let's say 5E wakes up, it finds Let's say 5E wakes up, it finds Let's say 5E wakes up, it finds something and it needs to wait for human something and it needs to wait for human something and it needs to wait for human approval. This has been sitting here for approval. This has been sitting here for approval. This has been sitting here for I think two or three hours at this point I think two or three hours at this point I think two or three hours at this point waiting for me to click approve. All of waiting for me to click approve. All of waiting for me to click approve. All of my sessions are idle. But right now my sessions are idle. But right now my sessions are idle. But right now durable task is saying, "Hey, you have durable task is saying, "Hey, you have durable task is saying, "Hey, you have this instance that is sitting here this instance that is sitting here this instance that is sitting here waiting for approval." Now this is all waiting for approval." Now this is all waiting for approval." Now this is all serverlessly running. So again, my serverlessly running. So again, my serverlessly running. So again, my session's not running, but durable task session's not running, but durable task session's not running, but durable task has some additional state that I has some additional state that I has some additional state that I integrated using the Microsoft agent integrated using the Microsoft agent integrated using the Microsoft agent framework extension for durable task. framework extension for durable task. framework extension for durable task. Now watch what happens. I'm going to go Now watch what happens. I'm going to go Now watch what happens. I'm going to go ahead and click approve. When I click ahead and click approve. When I click ahead and click approve. When I click approve, a few things are going to approve, a few things are going to approve, a few things are going to happen all at once. I'll go ahead and happen all at once. I'll go ahead and happen all at once. I'll go ahead and refresh this view in durable task. You refresh this view in durable task. You refresh this view in durable task. You can see I had this long wait period can see I had this long wait period can see I had this long wait period where it was waiting. Well, now durable where it was waiting. Well, now durable where it was waiting. Well, now durable task said, "Oh, I got my approval. Go task said, "Oh, I got my approval. Go task said, "Oh, I got my approval. Go resume the session." So now it comes resume the session." So now it comes resume the session." So now it comes over here and let's do another refresh. over here and let's do another refresh. over here and let's do another refresh. Let's refresh over here on the foundry Let's refresh over here on the foundry Let's refresh over here on the foundry session view and we will see, "Hey, session view and we will see, "Hey, session view and we will see, "Hey, [screaming] [screaming] [screaming] this woke back up that session. My this woke back up that session. My this woke back up that session. My session resumed. It had all of the session resumed. It had all of the session resumed. It had all of the investigation files from before and it investigation files from before and it investigation files from before and it went ahead and continued the work." So I went ahead and continued the work." So I went ahead and continued the work." So I have this long-running secure way to have this long-running secure way to have this long-running secure way to manage agents at scale where I can do manage agents at scale where I can do manage agents at scale where I can do these things like human intervention these things like human intervention these things like human intervention without worrying about rehydrating and without worrying about rehydrating and without worrying about rehydrating and restarting the state every single time. restarting the state every single time. restarting the state every single time. Now the last piece here that I want to Now the last piece here that I want to Now the last piece here that I want to show, and you might have seen this a bit show, and you might have seen this a bit show, and you might have seen this a bit in the keynote this morning, any of in the keynote this morning, any of in the keynote this morning, any of these agents that I build, I can make these agents that I build, I can make these agents that I build, I can make easily available to my entire team. Not easily available to my entire team. Not easily available to my entire team. Not just setting up routines or through just setting up routines or through just setting up routines or through custom apps like that 5B portal that you custom apps like that 5B portal that you custom apps like that 5B portal that you saw, I can publish these easily to Teams saw, I can publish these easily to Teams saw, I can publish these easily to Teams and Microsoft 365 Copilot. So if I go and Microsoft 365 Copilot. So if I go and Microsoft 365 Copilot. So if I go ahead and choose this option, this will ahead and choose this option, this will ahead and choose this option, this will walk me through all the steps that I walk me through all the steps that I walk me through all the steps that I need to deploy it. Now you can see this need to deploy it. Now you can see this need to deploy it. Now you can see this is actually already deployed. So I'll go is actually already deployed. So I'll go is actually already deployed. So I'll go ahead and switch over here. This is ahead and switch over here. This is ahead and switch over here. This is actually working as an autonomous agent actually working as an autonomous agent actually working as an autonomous agent right now in Teams. It has its own right now in Teams. It has its own right now in Teams. It has its own identity. It even has its own email identity. It even has its own email identity. It even has its own email address. You can see 5B@notareal.co. address. You can see 5B@notareal.co. address. You can see 5B@notareal.co. I'm pretty sure it's a real company I'm pretty sure it's a real company I'm pretty sure it's a real company though. Don't worry about it. Uh and I though. Don't worry about it. Uh and I though. Don't worry about it. Uh and I can come in here and go ahead and ask 5B can come in here and go ahead and ask 5B can come in here and go ahead and ask 5B a question and I'm say like, "Hey 5B, a question and I'm say like, "Hey 5B, a question and I'm say like, "Hey 5B, what are some of the active incidents what are some of the active incidents what are some of the active incidents that you're working on right now?" That that you're working on right now?" That that you're working on right now?" That same agent that I was showing you before same agent that I was showing you before same agent that I was showing you before running inside of foundry, it's now running inside of foundry, it's now running inside of foundry, it's now either resumed my session or started a either resumed my session or started a either resumed my session or started a new one, and you can see 5B is now doing new one, and you can see 5B is now doing new one, and you can see 5B is now doing the work required to come back and give the work required to come back and give the work required to come back and give me an update on my status. So, I have me an update on my status. So, I have me an update on my status. So, I have this possibility to build these this possibility to build these this possibility to build these claw-like agents, integrate them into claw-like agents, integrate them into claw-like agents, integrate them into services like Teams with all of the services like Teams with all of the services like Teams with all of the critical building blocks that I need all critical building blocks that I need all critical building blocks that I need all within Foundry. So, with that, Tina, within Foundry. So, with that, Tina, within Foundry. So, with that, Tina, back to you for our next chapter. back to you for our next chapter. back to you for our next chapter. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Jeff. Now, let's take a look &gt;&gt; Thank you, Jeff. Now, let's take a look &gt;&gt; Thank you, Jeff. Now, let's take a look at the features Jeff just showed. at the features Jeff just showed. at the features Jeff just showed. Number one, routines. Now, in Foundry Number one, routines. Now, in Foundry Number one, routines. Now, in Foundry agent in service, in public preview. agent in service, in public preview. agent in service, in public preview. Routines is what makes your agent from Routines is what makes your agent from Routines is what makes your agent from reactive to proactive and makes it reactive to proactive and makes it reactive to proactive and makes it long-running. long-running. long-running. You as a developer decides what need to You as a developer decides what need to You as a developer decides what need to happen when. happen when. happen when. Foundry then queues, executes, and Foundry then queues, executes, and Foundry then queues, executes, and tracks every single run. tracks every single run. tracks every single run. This is how you This is how you This is how you turn your reactive one-off task into a turn your reactive one-off task into a turn your reactive one-off task into a proactive continuous agent. proactive continuous agent. proactive continuous agent. Publish to Microsoft 365 Teams and Publish to Microsoft 365 Teams and Publish to Microsoft 365 Teams and Copilot is generally available soon. Copilot is generally available soon. Copilot is generally available soon. Now, you can publish all your Foundry Now, you can publish all your Foundry Now, you can publish all your Foundry agents right into Teams and Copilot, agents right into Teams and Copilot, agents right into Teams and Copilot, where all your teams are already doing where all your teams are already doing where all your teams are already doing work. work. work. Identity, policy, permissions, all flow Identity, policy, permissions, all flow Identity, policy, permissions, all flow through through through automatically. automatically. automatically. In addition, developers now can publish In addition, developers now can publish In addition, developers now can publish Foundry agents as autopilot agents right Foundry agents as autopilot agents right Foundry agents as autopilot agents right into Teams. This is now in public into Teams. This is now in public into Teams. This is now in public preview. preview. preview. So, these autopilot agents can take up So, these autopilot agents can take up So, these autopilot agents can take up Azure IDs, email addresses, and even Azure IDs, email addresses, and even Azure IDs, email addresses, and even Teams presence. Teams presence. Teams presence. So, they can start initiate they can So, they can start initiate they can So, they can start initiate they can initiate a conversation or follow up on initiate a conversation or follow up on initiate a conversation or follow up on action items, all governed end-to-end in action items, all governed end-to-end in action items, all governed end-to-end in Agent 365. Agent 365. Agent 365. So, now we have built an agent locally. So, now we have built an agent locally. So, now we have built an agent locally. We have hosted in a sandbox. We have We have hosted in a sandbox. We have We have hosted in a sandbox. We have published as a autopilot agent right published as a autopilot agent right published as a autopilot agent right inside of Teams. inside of Teams. inside of Teams. Now, let's enter the hard part, which is Now, let's enter the hard part, which is Now, let's enter the hard part, which is operate. How do we make sure the agent operate. How do we make sure the agent operate. How do we make sure the agent runs well and it can self-improve? Jeff? runs well and it can self-improve? Jeff? runs well and it can self-improve? Jeff? &gt;&gt; All right, this is the last and if I &gt;&gt; All right, this is the last and if I &gt;&gt; All right, this is the last and if I might say maybe the best chapter of it might say maybe the best chapter of it might say maybe the best chapter of it all. I'm a little under the weather. I'm all. I'm a little under the weather. I'm all. I'm a little under the weather. I'm going to help my hope voice holds out going to help my hope voice holds out going to help my hope voice holds out for another 10 minutes, but I'm feeding for another 10 minutes, but I'm feeding for another 10 minutes, but I'm feeding off of your energy. Okay, so let's take off of your energy. Okay, so let's take off of your energy. Okay, so let's take a look about some of the challenges that a look about some of the challenges that a look about some of the challenges that come on this optimization phase as well. come on this optimization phase as well. come on this optimization phase as well. Right here, this is really where the Right here, this is really where the Right here, this is really where the work begins. I can go build and work begins. I can go build and work begins. I can go build and prototype really cool agents in a number prototype really cool agents in a number prototype really cool agents in a number of hours or days, but how do I actually of hours or days, but how do I actually of hours or days, but how do I actually go make this thing trusted in go make this thing trusted in go make this thing trusted in production? How do I make sure I'm production? How do I make sure I'm production? How do I make sure I'm understanding how are people using my understanding how are people using my understanding how are people using my agent? What are the signals that are agent? What are the signals that are agent? What are the signals that are happening? What's being successful or happening? What's being successful or happening? What's being successful or what's not successful? How do I what's not successful? How do I what's not successful? How do I understand where I need to improve it? understand where I need to improve it? understand where I need to improve it? Now, this is also very challenging Now, this is also very challenging Now, this is also very challenging because if you think of all of the because if you think of all of the because if you think of all of the components involved with like the agents components involved with like the agents components involved with like the agents that we've been building, I've got the that we've been building, I've got the that we've been building, I've got the underlying model. I have my toolbox and underlying model. I have my toolbox and underlying model. I have my toolbox and all the tools that are there. I've got all the tools that are there. I've got all the tools that are there. I've got my own code. I've got the instructions my own code. I've got the instructions my own code. I've got the instructions in my code. If I'm having an issue with in my code. If I'm having an issue with in my code. If I'm having an issue with my agent, which one of those variables my agent, which one of those variables my agent, which one of those variables should I tune and tweak? It can become should I tune and tweak? It can become should I tune and tweak? It can become very overwhelming and very very overwhelming and very very overwhelming and very time-consuming. So, I want to show you time-consuming. So, I want to show you time-consuming. So, I want to show you how Foundry's helping you in this last how Foundry's helping you in this last how Foundry's helping you in this last mile to really make these things robust. mile to really make these things robust. mile to really make these things robust. Now, the first piece here is visibility. Now, the first piece here is visibility. Now, the first piece here is visibility. I want to understand what is happening I want to understand what is happening I want to understand what is happening and why it's happening. So, in our 5B and why it's happening. So, in our 5B and why it's happening. So, in our 5B agent right here, I can come over here agent right here, I can come over here agent right here, I can come over here to see all of the conversations that are to see all of the conversations that are to see all of the conversations that are happening across this agent. But one of happening across this agent. But one of happening across this agent. But one of my favorite features here is I can click my favorite features here is I can click my favorite features here is I can click any of these. Let's just go ahead and any of these. Let's just go ahead and any of these. Let's just go ahead and try this request right here. And we have try this request right here. And we have try this request right here. And we have this new view that is rolled out, which this new view that is rolled out, which this new view that is rolled out, which is called the trace replay view. So, is called the trace replay view. So, is called the trace replay view. So, check this out. I see the conversation check this out. I see the conversation check this out. I see the conversation that has happened. I can understand, you that has happened. I can understand, you that has happened. I can understand, you know, from a basic thing, what was the know, from a basic thing, what was the know, from a basic thing, what was the question that was asked and what was the question that was asked and what was the question that was asked and what was the answer, but I can understand the answer, but I can understand the answer, but I can understand the trajectory that this specific request trajectory that this specific request trajectory that this specific request took. So, I can understand, okay, I got took. So, I can understand, okay, I got took. So, I can understand, okay, I got asked this agent. It first had to do asked this agent. It first had to do asked this agent. It first had to do some reasoning on this model. That took some reasoning on this model. That took some reasoning on this model. That took about 20 seconds. It then called this about 20 seconds. It then called this about 20 seconds. It then called this tool. Then it reasoned. Then it called tool. Then it reasoned. Then it called tool. Then it reasoned. Then it called this tool. Any of these I can click into this tool. Any of these I can click into this tool. Any of these I can click into understand the exact inputs and outputs understand the exact inputs and outputs understand the exact inputs and outputs that went along the way. If I'm feeling that went along the way. If I'm feeling that went along the way. If I'm feeling extra fancy, I can not only just see extra fancy, I can not only just see extra fancy, I can not only just see this from a time perspective, but a this from a time perspective, but a this from a time perspective, but a token perspective. Where are my tokens token perspective. Where are my tokens token perspective. Where are my tokens being consumed throughout the process of being consumed throughout the process of being consumed throughout the process of this request? And if I want to get this request? And if I want to get this request? And if I want to get especially fancy, check this out. I'm especially fancy, check this out. I'm especially fancy, check this out. I'm actually going to replay this. Let's do actually going to replay this. Let's do actually going to replay this. Let's do this at eight times the speed, and let's this at eight times the speed, and let's this at eight times the speed, and let's actually watch it as this plays through actually watch it as this plays through actually watch it as this plays through the entire conversation, so I can the entire conversation, so I can the entire conversation, so I can understand each of the phases that went understand each of the phases that went understand each of the phases that went through, what the H it was doing, and through, what the H it was doing, and through, what the H it was doing, and get a view into what the user saw get a view into what the user saw get a view into what the user saw throughout this process. So, I'm able to throughout this process. So, I'm able to throughout this process. So, I'm able to dive deeper to understand the specifics dive deeper to understand the specifics dive deeper to understand the specifics of what's happening and get that of what's happening and get that of what's happening and get that observability view right at my observability view right at my observability view right at my fingertips. Now, let's say that I see fingertips. Now, let's say that I see fingertips. Now, let's say that I see something that I want to improve. For something that I want to improve. For something that I want to improve. For our agent, I'll tell you a real piece of our agent, I'll tell you a real piece of our agent, I'll tell you a real piece of feedback that we saw as we were building feedback that we saw as we were building feedback that we saw as we were building this, which was if you remember back to this, which was if you remember back to this, which was if you remember back to that demo we did with the voice-enabled that demo we did with the voice-enabled that demo we did with the voice-enabled agent at the beginning, right? Where I agent at the beginning, right? Where I agent at the beginning, right? Where I said, "Hey, give me that specification." said, "Hey, give me that specification." said, "Hey, give me that specification." I'm showing you the answer now. I'm showing you the answer now. I'm showing you the answer now. How the agent is answering is a very LLM How the agent is answering is a very LLM How the agent is answering is a very LLM way of doing things. It actually way of doing things. It actually way of doing things. It actually returned a bullet point list. It said, returned a bullet point list. It said, returned a bullet point list. It said, "Hey, you want to know the connection? "Hey, you want to know the connection? "Hey, you want to know the connection? Here's a bullet point list of all that Here's a bullet point list of all that Here's a bullet point list of all that stuff." But some of you might have been stuff." But some of you might have been stuff." But some of you might have been listening in that first demo, and you listening in that first demo, and you listening in that first demo, and you were like, "Wow, this sounds a little were like, "Wow, this sounds a little were like, "Wow, this sounds a little bit robotic." As the voice just reads bit robotic." As the voice just reads bit robotic." As the voice just reads through a bullet point list of topics. through a bullet point list of topics. through a bullet point list of topics. So, I actually want to optimize my So, I actually want to optimize my So, I actually want to optimize my agent. I want to make it so that it's agent. I want to make it so that it's agent. I want to make it so that it's returning a more voice natural response. returning a more voice natural response. returning a more voice natural response. But how do I go about doing that? Which But how do I go about doing that? Which But how do I go about doing that? Which of all these things should I be tuning of all these things should I be tuning of all these things should I be tuning or adjusting? So, let's actually walk or adjusting? So, let's actually walk or adjusting? So, let's actually walk through that process here. I'm actually through that process here. I'm actually through that process here. I'm actually going to jump over here to my terminal, going to jump over here to my terminal, going to jump over here to my terminal, which is my best friend in the world. Uh which is my best friend in the world. Uh which is my best friend in the world. Uh let's zoom in here really, really, let's zoom in here really, really, let's zoom in here really, really, really tight. And I'm going to kick this really tight. And I'm going to kick this really tight. And I'm going to kick this off with the first command, which is off with the first command, which is off with the first command, which is AZD, which is the Azure Developer CLI. AZD, which is the Azure Developer CLI. AZD, which is the Azure Developer CLI. AI Agent Eval Init. AI Agent Eval Init. AI Agent Eval Init. Now, this will take our agent project, Now, this will take our agent project, Now, this will take our agent project, and it's going to initialize it and get and it's going to initialize it and get and it's going to initialize it and get it ready to run evaluations, so that I it ready to run evaluations, so that I it ready to run evaluations, so that I have a benchmark evaluation that I can have a benchmark evaluation that I can have a benchmark evaluation that I can improve this thing against. Now, the improve this thing against. Now, the improve this thing against. Now, the voice-enabled agent was this field voice-enabled agent was this field voice-enabled agent was this field operations facing agent, so we'll go operations facing agent, so we'll go operations facing agent, so we'll go ahead and choose this one. And this is ahead and choose this one. And this is ahead and choose this one. And this is going to do a few things for me. Now, going to do a few things for me. Now, going to do a few things for me. Now, I've generated these ahead of time, but I've generated these ahead of time, but I've generated these ahead of time, but the first thing it's going to do is, the first thing it's going to do is, the first thing it's going to do is, "Hey, do you already have an eval data "Hey, do you already have an eval data "Hey, do you already have an eval data set?" Now, many of you love to talk set?" Now, many of you love to talk set?" Now, many of you love to talk about evals, but you don't actually have about evals, but you don't actually have about evals, but you don't actually have an eval data set. And that's okay, I'm an eval data set. And that's okay, I'm an eval data set. And that's okay, I'm not going to judge you. I'm often in the not going to judge you. I'm often in the not going to judge you. I'm often in the same boat. Here, you can actually ask us same boat. Here, you can actually ask us same boat. Here, you can actually ask us to help you generate an eval data set to help you generate an eval data set to help you generate an eval data set automatically. How that works is we'll automatically. How that works is we'll automatically. How that works is we'll go look through all of those historic go look through all of those historic go look through all of those historic traces, additional signals that we have traces, additional signals that we have traces, additional signals that we have about your agent, and we will go ahead about your agent, and we will go ahead about your agent, and we will go ahead and suggest using an LLM an initial and suggest using an LLM an initial and suggest using an LLM an initial starting point data set based on how starting point data set based on how starting point data set based on how your agent is actually being interacted your agent is actually being interacted your agent is actually being interacted with. So, this can help you actually with. So, this can help you actually with. So, this can help you actually practice what you preach if you are in practice what you preach if you are in practice what you preach if you are in that camp of talking about evals but not that camp of talking about evals but not that camp of talking about evals but not having them. Now, the other piece here having them. Now, the other piece here having them. Now, the other piece here is, "How do I have the right evaluation is, "How do I have the right evaluation is, "How do I have the right evaluation logic though? How do I have the right logic though? How do I have the right logic though? How do I have the right evaluator?" Now, what do I mean when I evaluator?" Now, what do I mean when I evaluator?" Now, what do I mean when I say that? Well, out of the box inside of say that? Well, out of the box inside of say that? Well, out of the box inside of Foundry, we have a number of built-in Foundry, we have a number of built-in Foundry, we have a number of built-in evaluators. There's one that can evaluators. There's one that can evaluators. There's one that can evaluate tool selection, tool output, evaluate tool selection, tool output, evaluate tool selection, tool output, tool input, retrieval evaluation, tool input, retrieval evaluation, tool input, retrieval evaluation, fluency evaluator. Sometimes I look at fluency evaluator. Sometimes I look at fluency evaluator. Sometimes I look at this list though and I get a little bit this list though and I get a little bit this list though and I get a little bit overwhelmed, right? My agent is this overwhelmed, right? My agent is this overwhelmed, right? My agent is this field operations facing agent. What's field operations facing agent. What's field operations facing agent. What's the right combination of built-in the right combination of built-in the right combination of built-in evaluators? Well, the answer is actually evaluators? Well, the answer is actually evaluators? Well, the answer is actually you might even sometimes want to custom you might even sometimes want to custom you might even sometimes want to custom rubric. So, this will actually go rubric. So, this will actually go rubric. So, this will actually go through and help you generate the right through and help you generate the right through and help you generate the right combination of evaluators for your combination of evaluators for your combination of evaluators for your specific uh agent. So, once I do that, specific uh agent. So, once I do that, specific uh agent. So, once I do that, this will initialize my project. Let's this will initialize my project. Let's this will initialize my project. Let's actually show you the custom rubric that actually show you the custom rubric that actually show you the custom rubric that this generated for my agent. So, you can this generated for my agent. So, you can this generated for my agent. So, you can see here this isn't just a single see here this isn't just a single see here this isn't just a single dimension. This is actually used an LLM dimension. This is actually used an LLM dimension. This is actually used an LLM to suggest for me a few different to suggest for me a few different to suggest for me a few different dimensions that it recognizes are likely dimensions that it recognizes are likely dimensions that it recognizes are likely important. So, it said, "Hey, you important. So, it said, "Hey, you important. So, it said, "Hey, you probably want to make sure this is probably want to make sure this is probably want to make sure this is calling the right tools. When I ask calling the right tools. When I ask calling the right tools. When I ask about uptime, I want to make sure I'm about uptime, I want to make sure I'm about uptime, I want to make sure I'm using Fabric IQ. So, let's make the using Fabric IQ. So, let's make the using Fabric IQ. So, let's make the highest weighted thing correct tool use. highest weighted thing correct tool use. highest weighted thing correct tool use. Safety warning is probably a big one, Safety warning is probably a big one, Safety warning is probably a big one, right? Like this is custom unique to me. right? Like this is custom unique to me. right? Like this is custom unique to me. This is now personalized for my specific This is now personalized for my specific This is now personalized for my specific agent. Now, I can modify this, too. In agent. Now, I can modify this, too. In agent. Now, I can modify this, too. In this case, you can see it actually this case, you can see it actually this case, you can see it actually suggested this voice optimized suggested this voice optimized suggested this voice optimized conciseness. Right now it gives this a conciseness. Right now it gives this a conciseness. Right now it gives this a weight of three. Get based on the weight of three. Get based on the weight of three. Get based on the feedback that I'm hearing, I actually feedback that I'm hearing, I actually feedback that I'm hearing, I actually want to bump that up to 10. I want it to want to bump that up to 10. I want it to want to bump that up to 10. I want it to wait much more heavily on making sure wait much more heavily on making sure wait much more heavily on making sure that this thing is voice optimized based that this thing is voice optimized based that this thing is voice optimized based on the feedback that I've gotten. So I on the feedback that I've gotten. So I on the feedback that I've gotten. So I can go ahead and update this evaluator can go ahead and update this evaluator can go ahead and update this evaluator so that now it is doing voice optimized so that now it is doing voice optimized so that now it is doing voice optimized in that custom rubric. So now I have in that custom rubric. So now I have in that custom rubric. So now I have this personalized evaluator for my this personalized evaluator for my this personalized evaluator for my specific scenario that's looking at specific scenario that's looking at specific scenario that's looking at these pieces. And again, I can modify these pieces. And again, I can modify these pieces. And again, I can modify this and customize this as I need. Now, this and customize this as I need. Now, this and customize this as I need. Now, where do I go from here? Well, I have my where do I go from here? Well, I have my where do I go from here? Well, I have my data set. So this is the data set that I data set. So this is the data set that I data set. So this is the data set that I had used to generate ahead of time. This had used to generate ahead of time. This had used to generate ahead of time. This has a few questions that people might has a few questions that people might has a few questions that people might ask as well as some answers. And now I ask as well as some answers. And now I ask as well as some answers. And now I have my custom evaluator and I can pull have my custom evaluator and I can pull have my custom evaluator and I can pull them all together now with what is them all together now with what is them all together now with what is probably my favorite CLI command in the probably my favorite CLI command in the probably my favorite CLI command in the world, which is AZD AI agent optimize. world, which is AZD AI agent optimize. world, which is AZD AI agent optimize. Now, let me walk you through what Now, let me walk you through what Now, let me walk you through what optimize is going to do. I'm going to optimize is going to do. I'm going to optimize is going to do. I'm going to choose this agent. It says, "Hey, you've choose this agent. It says, "Hey, you've choose this agent. It says, "Hey, you've already initialized this for already initialized this for already initialized this for evaluations. Do you want to use that evaluations. Do you want to use that evaluations. Do you want to use that configuration?" So what this is going to configuration?" So what this is going to configuration?" So what this is going to do is it says, "Okay, I see the system do is it says, "Okay, I see the system do is it says, "Okay, I see the system prompts, the instructions that this prompts, the instructions that this prompts, the instructions that this agent has, the instructions that you agent has, the instructions that you agent has, the instructions that you gave it in its code. I see any skills gave it in its code. I see any skills gave it in its code. I see any skills that you might have configured for this that you might have configured for this that you might have configured for this agent to have. I see the tool agent to have. I see the tool agent to have. I see the tool configuration that you have. I can even configuration that you have. I can even configuration that you have. I can even look at things like the target model. Am look at things like the target model. Am look at things like the target model. Am I using GPT 5.5? Am I using Anthropic I using GPT 5.5? Am I using Anthropic I using GPT 5.5? Am I using Anthropic Opus 4.8? Do I want to use that as a Opus 4.8? Do I want to use that as a Opus 4.8? Do I want to use that as a variable?" I can specify what are the variable?" I can specify what are the variable?" I can specify what are the variables that I want to have and then variables that I want to have and then variables that I want to have and then here I'm going to choose a model to help here I'm going to choose a model to help here I'm going to choose a model to help drive the optimization process. I'm just drive the optimization process. I'm just drive the optimization process. I'm just going to leave this at GPT 5 right now. going to leave this at GPT 5 right now. going to leave this at GPT 5 right now. Now what this kicks off for me, this Now what this kicks off for me, this Now what this kicks off for me, this will actually take a while, this kicks will actually take a while, this kicks will actually take a while, this kicks off an automatic optimization loop. This off an automatic optimization loop. This off an automatic optimization loop. This is going to go through and adjust all of is going to go through and adjust all of is going to go through and adjust all of those different variables. It's going to those different variables. It's going to those different variables. It's going to say, "Okay, what if I modify your system say, "Okay, what if I modify your system say, "Okay, what if I modify your system prompts? What if I modify your tool prompts? What if I modify your tool prompts? What if I modify your tool descriptions? What if we use a different descriptions? What if we use a different descriptions? What if we use a different model?" This is going to use leading model?" This is going to use leading model?" This is going to use leading data science techniques to go find some data science techniques to go find some data science techniques to go find some potential candidates for better versions potential candidates for better versions potential candidates for better versions of my agent based on my custom rubric of my agent based on my custom rubric of my agent based on my custom rubric that we defined. Now, rather than us that we defined. Now, rather than us that we defined. Now, rather than us waiting here for the next however long waiting here for the next however long waiting here for the next however long this takes, a couple dozen minutes, this takes, a couple dozen minutes, this takes, a couple dozen minutes, let's actually just jump ahead quickly let's actually just jump ahead quickly let's actually just jump ahead quickly to where I have Oh, my desktops are all to where I have Oh, my desktops are all to where I have Oh, my desktops are all out of whack. Let's see if we can find out of whack. Let's see if we can find out of whack. Let's see if we can find this one. Everyone cross your fingers. this one. Everyone cross your fingers. this one. Everyone cross your fingers. It's here somewhere. It's here somewhere. It's here somewhere. Uh Oh, you know where it was? It was in Uh Oh, you know where it was? It was in Uh Oh, you know where it was? It was in Chrome that I closed earlier. Chrome that I closed earlier. Chrome that I closed earlier. Uh okay, hold on. It's here. It's here. Uh okay, hold on. It's here. It's here. Uh okay, hold on. It's here. It's here. Nobody doubt that it is here. Where is Nobody doubt that it is here. Where is Nobody doubt that it is here. Where is it? it? it? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Okay, well, I have the URL here in a &gt;&gt; Okay, well, I have the URL here in a &gt;&gt; Okay, well, I have the URL here in a second if I need to use it. That that second if I need to use it. That that second if I need to use it. That that Chrome thing but before it threw me out. Chrome thing but before it threw me out. Chrome thing but before it threw me out. Okay, watch this. Okay, watch this. Okay, watch this. Live demo. Live demo gods, please be on Live demo. Live demo gods, please be on Live demo. Live demo gods, please be on our side for this last piece. All right, our side for this last piece. All right, our side for this last piece. All right, let me copy this URL. let me copy this URL. let me copy this URL. Paste it in here. And we'll let this Paste it in here. And we'll let this Paste it in here. And we'll let this load up. Okay. So, this Hey, it's live. load up. Okay. So, this Hey, it's live. load up. Okay. So, this Hey, it's live. Okay. So, this is the evaluation that I Okay. So, this is the evaluation that I Okay. So, this is the evaluation that I ran a little bit ago. You can see it ran ran a little bit ago. You can see it ran ran a little bit ago. You can see it ran through and it said, "Hey, we actually through and it said, "Hey, we actually through and it said, "Hey, we actually found a candidate that will boost your found a candidate that will boost your found a candidate that will boost your evaluator 11%. You will get 11% better evaluator 11%. You will get 11% better evaluator 11%. You will get 11% better performance just by me sitting and performance just by me sitting and performance just by me sitting and waiting for that thing to finish." You waiting for that thing to finish." You waiting for that thing to finish." You can see here that I actually identified can see here that I actually identified can see here that I actually identified four candidates. Each of them had four candidates. Each of them had four candidates. Each of them had different pros and cons. If I want to, I different pros and cons. If I want to, I different pros and cons. If I want to, I can understand, well, what did you can understand, well, what did you can understand, well, what did you change? You can see here, hey, this was change? You can see here, hey, this was change? You can see here, hey, this was your existing system prompt. Here's a your existing system prompt. Here's a your existing system prompt. Here's a new system prompt that if you use this new system prompt that if you use this new system prompt that if you use this system prompt, you actually get better system prompt, you actually get better system prompt, you actually get better behavior. So, I can go ahead and dive behavior. So, I can go ahead and dive behavior. So, I can go ahead and dive into the results. I can dive really deep into the results. I can dive really deep into the results. I can dive really deep into all of the score details, all of into all of the score details, all of into all of the score details, all of those eval sets that it tested against. those eval sets that it tested against. those eval sets that it tested against. And once I'm ready to go, I can go ahead And once I'm ready to go, I can go ahead And once I'm ready to go, I can go ahead now and deploy this as the new version now and deploy this as the new version now and deploy this as the new version of my agent and make this candidate the of my agent and make this candidate the of my agent and make this candidate the default candidate so I get that default candidate so I get that default candidate so I get that improvement on voice conciseness. So, improvement on voice conciseness. So, improvement on voice conciseness. So, all of this loop, we were able to use AI all of this loop, we were able to use AI all of this loop, we were able to use AI to automatically power a bunch of that to automatically power a bunch of that to automatically power a bunch of that for me just running this optimization for me just running this optimization for me just running this optimization loop. That's the same power we want to loop. That's the same power we want to loop. That's the same power we want to put into all of your hands as you're put into all of your hands as you're put into all of your hands as you're building your agents. So, with that, building your agents. So, with that, building your agents. So, with that, Tina, we'll bring it on out to wrap Tina, we'll bring it on out to wrap Tina, we'll bring it on out to wrap things up. things up. things up. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Jeff. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Jeff. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Jeff. Now, let's recap on operate. Now, let's recap on operate. Now, let's recap on operate. Tracing and evaluation for hosted agents Tracing and evaluation for hosted agents Tracing and evaluation for hosted agents is generally available soon. is generally available soon. is generally available soon. Every single hour I'm called, tool Every single hour I'm called, tool Every single hour I'm called, tool invocation, sub-second hop, handoff, is invocation, sub-second hop, handoff, is invocation, sub-second hop, handoff, is all logged in one open telemetry all logged in one open telemetry all logged in one open telemetry pipeline. pipeline. pipeline. Rubric for custom evaluation is now in Rubric for custom evaluation is now in Rubric for custom evaluation is now in public preview. public preview. public preview. Rubric auto generates context-aware Rubric auto generates context-aware Rubric auto generates context-aware criteria and weighted scoring to define criteria and weighted scoring to define criteria and weighted scoring to define what good good looks like for both what good good looks like for both what good good looks like for both evaluation and optimization. So, the evaluation and optimization. So, the evaluation and optimization. So, the developer doesn't have to start from developer doesn't have to start from developer doesn't have to start from scratch. scratch. scratch. Agent Optimizer for Foundry Agent Agent Optimizer for Foundry Agent Agent Optimizer for Foundry Agent Service is now in private preview. Service is now in private preview. Service is now in private preview. Agent Optimizer turns production traces Agent Optimizer turns production traces Agent Optimizer turns production traces and evals into a set of ranked and evals into a set of ranked and evals into a set of ranked candidates by tweaking skills, prompt candidates by tweaking skills, prompt candidates by tweaking skills, prompt tool configuration, and even models. tool configuration, and even models. tool configuration, and even models. These ranked candidate These ranked These ranked candidate These ranked These ranked candidate These ranked candidates are then shown side by side candidates are then shown side by side candidates are then shown side by side across quality, cost, and latency. across quality, cost, and latency. across quality, cost, and latency. The new developer in are in control to The new developer in are in control to The new developer in are in control to choose the exact winning variant to choose the exact winning variant to choose the exact winning variant to promote with full trace back and promote with full trace back and promote with full trace back and lineage. Rollback is right there when lineage. Rollback is right there when lineage. Rollback is right there when you need it. you need it. you need it. The platform finds optimization, The platform finds optimization, The platform finds optimization, developers in control on every single developers in control on every single developers in control on every single change. change. change. Procedural memory in Foundry Agent Procedural memory in Foundry Agent Procedural memory in Foundry Agent Service is now in public preview. Service is now in public preview. Service is now in public preview. Procedural memory empowers the agent to Procedural memory empowers the agent to Procedural memory empowers the agent to learn the playbook across all sessions, learn the playbook across all sessions, learn the playbook across all sessions, so the agent doesn't have to start so the agent doesn't have to start so the agent doesn't have to start learning from scratch in every single learning from scratch in every single learning from scratch in every single conversation. conversation. conversation. As you can see, there's no manual As you can see, there's no manual As you can see, there's no manual rewrite of prompts or skills. rewrite of prompts or skills. rewrite of prompts or skills. The agent becomes smarter, safer, and The agent becomes smarter, safer, and The agent becomes smarter, safer, and cheaper, the more advanced, all with cheaper, the more advanced, all with cheaper, the more advanced, all with developer in control for every single developer in control for every single developer in control for every single change. change. change. So, let me now close out what that all So, let me now close out what that all So, let me now close out what that all means. means. means. This is not just a roadmap promise. This is not just a roadmap promise. This is not just a roadmap promise. Over 80,000 customers are running on Over 80,000 customers are running on Over 80,000 customers are running on Foundry today and they're already taking Foundry today and they're already taking Foundry today and they're already taking advantage of production agents driving advantage of production agents driving advantage of production agents driving significant business outcome. significant business outcome. significant business outcome. Iberdrola is scaling their Iberdrola is scaling their Iberdrola is scaling their mission-critical energy operations mission-critical energy operations mission-critical energy operations across 14 countries. across 14 countries. across 14 countries. They're leveraging identity, They're leveraging identity, They're leveraging identity, memory, governance, observability, all memory, governance, observability, all memory, governance, observability, all right from the Foundry agent service right from the Foundry agent service right from the Foundry agent service with full control over regulated with full control over regulated with full control over regulated operations. operations. operations. Twilio has deployed the Twilio agent Twilio has deployed the Twilio agent Twilio has deployed the Twilio agent connect, which is their open-source connect, which is their open-source connect, which is their open-source framework that connects AI agents with framework that connects AI agents with framework that connects AI agents with the Twilio platform, all running our the Twilio platform, all running our the Twilio platform, all running our hosted agents in Foundry. hosted agents in Foundry. hosted agents in Foundry. KPMG is building their global KPMG KPMG is building their global KPMG KPMG is building their global KPMG workbench platform on hosted agents. workbench platform on hosted agents. workbench platform on hosted agents. They're leveraging tools and skills in They're leveraging tools and skills in They're leveraging tools and skills in Foundry toolbox, supercharging their Foundry toolbox, supercharging their Foundry toolbox, supercharging their interaction with clients worldwide. interaction with clients worldwide. interaction with clients worldwide. Now, let's recap on what has happened in Now, let's recap on what has happened in Now, let's recap on what has happened in the last 45 minutes. the last 45 minutes. the last 45 minutes. We started with a scenario our Azure We started with a scenario our Azure We started with a scenario our Azure networking operations team faces on a networking operations team faces on a networking operations team faces on a daily basis. A fiber got cut near one of daily basis. A fiber got cut near one of daily basis. A fiber got cut near one of our data centers. our data centers. our data centers. We then built an agent locally with We then built an agent locally with We then built an agent locally with Microsoft agent framework as the Microsoft agent framework as the Microsoft agent framework as the orchestrator. orchestrator. orchestrator. We connected to the Foundry toolbox, We connected to the Foundry toolbox, We connected to the Foundry toolbox, Foundry IQ, Foundry IQ, Foundry IQ, memory, memory, memory, voice, voice, voice, document intelligence and content document intelligence and content document intelligence and content understanding. understanding. understanding. We then hosted as a hosted agent, We then hosted as a hosted agent, We then hosted as a hosted agent, so it runs in an isolated secure so it runs in an isolated secure so it runs in an isolated secure execution runtime. execution runtime. execution runtime. We then published it into Teams as a We then published it into Teams as a We then published it into Teams as a co-pilot agent. co-pilot agent. co-pilot agent. We then operated the agent that works We then operated the agent that works We then operated the agent that works autonomously, traced end-to-end, autonomously, traced end-to-end, autonomously, traced end-to-end, governed in production, and is governed in production, and is governed in production, and is meaningfully getting better through meaningfully getting better through meaningfully getting better through every single run. every single run. every single run. This is a power of Microsoft Foundry. This is a power of Microsoft Foundry. This is a power of Microsoft Foundry. Seamless hosting, connected Seamless hosting, connected Seamless hosting, connected intelligence, enterprise trust and intelligence, enterprise trust and intelligence, enterprise trust and reach, all in one runtime. reach, all in one runtime. reach, all in one runtime. So, super easy for you to scale your So, super easy for you to scale your So, super easy for you to scale your locally scaffolded agent from your locally scaffolded agent from your locally scaffolded agent from your laptop to scale through thousands of laptop to scale through thousands of laptop to scale through thousands of conversations running in production. This is Microsoft Foundry. Build simply, This is Microsoft Foundry. Build simply, This is Microsoft Foundry. Build simply, deploy powerfully, operate with trust. deploy powerfully, operate with trust. deploy powerfully, operate with trust. That's the promise we just walked you That's the promise we just walked you That's the promise we just walked you through, and it's available to every through, and it's available to every through, and it's available to every single developer in this room today. Here are a few sessions that you may Here are a few sessions that you may Here are a few sessions that you may want to check out at Build. want to check out at Build. want to check out at Build. I am super excited to see what you can I am super excited to see what you can I am super excited to see what you can build with Microsoft Foundry. build with Microsoft Foundry. build with Microsoft Foundry. Thank you. Have a great Build. Thank you. Have a great Build. Thank you. Have a great Build. &gt;&gt; Thanks, everyone. We'll stick We'll &gt;&gt; Thanks, everyone. We'll stick We'll &gt;&gt; Thanks, everyone. We'll stick We'll We'll We have about 5 minutes where we We'll We have about 5 minutes where we We'll We have about 5 minutes where we can come down here if anyone has any can come down here if anyone has any can come down here if anyone has any questions. If we're not able to answer questions. If we're not able to answer questions. If we're not able to answer your question before the next session, your question before the next session, your question before the next session, which you should stick around for, I which you should stick around for, I which you should stick around for, I think it's on observability, the Foundry think it's on observability, the Foundry think it's on observability, the Foundry booth is just back here, and we've got booth is just back here, and we've got booth is just back here, and we've got the team here all week. So, we'll We'll the team here all week. So, we'll We'll the team here all week. So, we'll We'll answer what we can here. Uh and yeah, answer what we can here. Uh and yeah, answer what we can here. Uh and yeah, thanks so much for coming, everyone. &gt;&gt; [music]
