Hey there everyone, Jonathan Sylvia here Hey there everyone, Jonathan Sylvia here Hey there everyone, Jonathan Sylvia here from Pragmatic Works. Welcome to from Pragmatic Works. Welcome to from Pragmatic Works. Welcome to Autonomous Agents in Copilot Studio. For Autonomous Agents in Copilot Studio. For Autonomous Agents in Copilot Studio. For our session here today, what we're going our session here today, what we're going our session here today, what we're going to really look at is how we can set up to really look at is how we can set up to really look at is how we can set up our very own autonomous agent, a little our very own autonomous agent, a little our very own autonomous agent, a little bit of like an AI personal assistant for bit of like an AI personal assistant for bit of like an AI personal assistant for us utilizing Code Pilot Studio. Now, us utilizing Code Pilot Studio. Now, us utilizing Code Pilot Studio. Now, this is pretty new, so some of you may this is pretty new, so some of you may this is pretty new, so some of you may not have every last piece of everything not have every last piece of everything not have every last piece of everything we're going to be working with, or it's we're going to be working with, or it's we're going to be working with, or it's now just come available to you. So, I now just come available to you. So, I now just come available to you. So, I really encourage you to try to follow really encourage you to try to follow really encourage you to try to follow along if possible. Otherwise, you can along if possible. Otherwise, you can along if possible. Otherwise, you can just watch, learn, and try to see how just watch, learn, and try to see how just watch, learn, and try to see how you can utilize this for yourself in the you can utilize this for yourself in the you can utilize this for yourself in the future. So, starting off with here future. So, starting off with here future. So, starting off with here today, let's take a look at what is an today, let's take a look at what is an today, let's take a look at what is an autonomous agent and what are the autonomous agent and what are the autonomous agent and what are the differences between the types of agents differences between the types of agents differences between the types of agents we have within Copilot Studio. Now, here we have within Copilot Studio. Now, here we have within Copilot Studio. Now, here in Copilot Studio, some of the types in Copilot Studio, some of the types in Copilot Studio, some of the types that we have, some of the classic types that we have, some of the classic types that we have, some of the classic types of of agents really, you're starting of of agents really, you're starting of of agents really, you're starting with our retrieval. That's just your with our retrieval. That's just your with our retrieval. That's just your general chatbot, if you will. You ask it general chatbot, if you will. You ask it general chatbot, if you will. You ask it questions, it returns you information. questions, it returns you information. questions, it returns you information. So, you're taking that information from So, you're taking that information from So, you're taking that information from data, from web pages, from knowledge data, from web pages, from knowledge data, from web pages, from knowledge sources that you're adding into your sources that you're adding into your sources that you're adding into your agent. Now, as you start to go from that agent. Now, as you start to go from that agent. Now, as you start to go from that classic chatbot retrieval, ask and get classic chatbot retrieval, ask and get classic chatbot retrieval, ask and get qu uh ask questions, get answers, what qu uh ask questions, get answers, what qu uh ask questions, get answers, what we can then do is start to get a little we can then do is start to get a little we can then do is start to get a little bit more complex and a little bit more bit more complex and a little bit more bit more complex and a little bit more autonomous along the way. So kind of the autonomous along the way. So kind of the autonomous along the way. So kind of the middle stage that we have is this task middle stage that we have is this task middle stage that we have is this task oriented agent that we can develop for oriented agent that we can develop for oriented agent that we can develop for that agent. We can ask it to complete that agent. We can ask it to complete that agent. We can ask it to complete things for us as again kind of like a things for us as again kind of like a things for us as again kind of like a personalized assistant where we can personalized assistant where we can personalized assistant where we can utilize power automate workflows and we utilize power automate workflows and we utilize power automate workflows and we can have it go ahead and continue to do can have it go ahead and continue to do can have it go ahead and continue to do things on demand as we prompt it within things on demand as we prompt it within things on demand as we prompt it within the agent itself. Traditionally we build the agent itself. Traditionally we build the agent itself. Traditionally we build that in Copilot Studio by adding in that in Copilot Studio by adding in that in Copilot Studio by adding in specific topics. Once a topic is specific topics. Once a topic is specific topics. Once a topic is triggered, we go down the path within triggered, we go down the path within triggered, we go down the path within that conversation and then we can go that conversation and then we can go that conversation and then we can go ahead inside of that topic and complete ahead inside of that topic and complete ahead inside of that topic and complete those tasks. Now, today what we're going those tasks. Now, today what we're going those tasks. Now, today what we're going to focus on is the most complex version to focus on is the most complex version to focus on is the most complex version of this and that's making an agent that of this and that's making an agent that of this and that's making an agent that it's 100% autonomous, meaning that it it's 100% autonomous, meaning that it it's 100% autonomous, meaning that it operates independently. So it will look operates independently. So it will look operates independently. So it will look dynamically at what we instruct it to do dynamically at what we instruct it to do dynamically at what we instruct it to do and then it will go ahead and decide how and then it will go ahead and decide how and then it will go ahead and decide how to complete a process, a task or to complete a process, a task or to complete a process, a task or whatever we we tell it we want it to whatever we we tell it we want it to whatever we we tell it we want it to complete for us. One of the nice things complete for us. One of the nice things complete for us. One of the nice things about this is we can have agentto agent about this is we can have agentto agent about this is we can have agentto agent handoff. We can have escalation. We can handoff. We can have escalation. We can handoff. We can have escalation. We can have our agent learn from its past so have our agent learn from its past so have our agent learn from its past so that we can make sure that everything that we can make sure that everything that we can make sure that everything that we want accomplished is going to be that we want accomplished is going to be that we want accomplished is going to be done by that agent. And we could put a done by that agent. And we could put a done by that agent. And we could put a lot of guard rails on that as well to lot of guard rails on that as well to lot of guard rails on that as well to make sure it's the exact right answer or make sure it's the exact right answer or make sure it's the exact right answer or operation or task whatever it may be operation or task whatever it may be operation or task whatever it may be each and every single time. each and every single time. each and every single time. Now here are some of the spectrums of Now here are some of the spectrums of Now here are some of the spectrums of the three different really types of the three different really types of the three different really types of agents that we have with co-pilot agents that we have with co-pilot agents that we have with co-pilot studio. Now again starting with your studio. Now again starting with your studio. Now again starting with your more simple your more retrieval style of more simple your more retrieval style of more simple your more retrieval style of agent moving into that more advanced as agent moving into that more advanced as agent moving into that more advanced as we jump past kind of the the task we jump past kind of the the task we jump past kind of the the task orientation. So like a very simple agent orientation. So like a very simple agent orientation. So like a very simple agent that we have with Copilot Studio is that we have with Copilot Studio is that we have with Copilot Studio is something like an IT help desk where we something like an IT help desk where we something like an IT help desk where we just simply ask questions again within just simply ask questions again within just simply ask questions again within the chat experience. How do I connect to the chat experience. How do I connect to the chat experience. How do I connect to the network or what are the office hours the network or what are the office hours the network or what are the office hours or where's my printer? Something along or where's my printer? Something along or where's my printer? Something along those lines. I ask a question, we get an those lines. I ask a question, we get an those lines. I ask a question, we get an answer from the agent itself. We can answer from the agent itself. We can answer from the agent itself. We can also do like a project tracker where also do like a project tracker where also do like a project tracker where it's looking up data, retrieving it's looking up data, retrieving it's looking up data, retrieving information from the data itself. So information from the data itself. So information from the data itself. So it's based in that data whether it's in it's based in that data whether it's in it's based in that data whether it's in data versse or excel or uh sharepoint or data versse or excel or uh sharepoint or data versse or excel or uh sharepoint or wherever that data may live SQL we can wherever that data may live SQL we can wherever that data may live SQL we can go ahead and grab that information for go ahead and grab that information for go ahead and grab that information for us. Now the more task oriented again are us. Now the more task oriented again are us. Now the more task oriented again are going to be more of like let's do going to be more of like let's do going to be more of like let's do something with this agent. So our device something with this agent. So our device something with this agent. So our device refresh we can get a request new laptop refresh we can get a request new laptop refresh we can get a request new laptop maybe we embed an adaptive card into our maybe we embed an adaptive card into our maybe we embed an adaptive card into our agent conversation and we can fill out agent conversation and we can fill out agent conversation and we can fill out all the information using that adaptive all the information using that adaptive all the information using that adaptive card in the chat and then pass that in. card in the chat and then pass that in. card in the chat and then pass that in. go ahead and and put in that request and go ahead and and put in that request and go ahead and and put in that request and store it say on a SharePoint list or uh store it say on a SharePoint list or uh store it say on a SharePoint list or uh Service Now or wherever we want that to Service Now or wherever we want that to Service Now or wherever we want that to be uh kept. We can do our expense be uh kept. We can do our expense be uh kept. We can do our expense reporting in here. Again, you're just reporting in here. Again, you're just reporting in here. Again, you're just reviewing the expense reporting um and reviewing the expense reporting um and reviewing the expense reporting um and all the different open purchase orders all the different open purchase orders all the different open purchase orders as you can see here and and try to get as you can see here and and try to get as you can see here and and try to get that information back. Like it's going that information back. Like it's going that information back. Like it's going to go to the data, retrieve information, to go to the data, retrieve information, to go to the data, retrieve information, help us accomplish a task. As we get help us accomplish a task. As we get help us accomplish a task. As we get more into the autonomous and the more more into the autonomous and the more more into the autonomous and the more advanced side of the path here, that's advanced side of the path here, that's advanced side of the path here, that's where you can see things like our lead where you can see things like our lead where you can see things like our lead generator where it's identifying these generator where it's identifying these generator where it's identifying these things automatically for us and then things automatically for us and then things automatically for us and then giving us that maybe an email or a giving us that maybe an email or a giving us that maybe an email or a message or some type offormational uh message or some type offormational uh message or some type offormational uh piece that we can then review and use piece that we can then review and use piece that we can then review and use for ourselves moving forward. And of for ourselves moving forward. And of for ourselves moving forward. And of course, we have that customer support course, we have that customer support course, we have that customer support which a lot of us really want is to be which a lot of us really want is to be which a lot of us really want is to be able to automatically identify issues able to automatically identify issues able to automatically identify issues and then pass that off to multiple and then pass that off to multiple and then pass that off to multiple different agents in order for them to different agents in order for them to different agents in order for them to handle that scenario based on the issue handle that scenario based on the issue handle that scenario based on the issue that you know pops up for us. So you that you know pops up for us. So you that you know pops up for us. So you have a lot of variety in the types of have a lot of variety in the types of have a lot of variety in the types of agents that we can develop and really it agents that we can develop and really it agents that we can develop and really it depends on the scenario that you have. depends on the scenario that you have. depends on the scenario that you have. And one of the nice factors is we can And one of the nice factors is we can And one of the nice factors is we can have the multi- aents now. So we can have the multi- aents now. So we can have the multi- aents now. So we can have one kind of agent hub for us that have one kind of agent hub for us that have one kind of agent hub for us that passes off to other agents depending passes off to other agents depending passes off to other agents depending upon the task. So you can really upon the task. So you can really upon the task. So you can really incorporate your advanced autonomous incorporate your advanced autonomous incorporate your advanced autonomous agent with some of those more you know agent with some of those more you know agent with some of those more you know task or retrieval t uh style of agents task or retrieval t uh style of agents task or retrieval t uh style of agents as we go forward from there. Now as we go forward from there. Now as we go forward from there. Now specifically talking about autonomous specifically talking about autonomous specifically talking about autonomous agents that we have here today. One of agents that we have here today. One of agents that we have here today. One of the really nice things about this is we the really nice things about this is we the really nice things about this is we can dynamically reason over its can dynamically reason over its can dynamically reason over its capabilities and kind of learn about capabilities and kind of learn about capabilities and kind of learn about itself and learn from itself on how to itself and learn from itself on how to itself and learn from itself on how to fix and how to solve problems in the fix and how to solve problems in the fix and how to solve problems in the future. We can continue to have those future. We can continue to have those future. We can continue to have those human guard rails in there and you can human guard rails in there and you can human guard rails in there and you can have it ask for help or need more have it ask for help or need more have it ask for help or need more assistance or you know return something assistance or you know return something assistance or you know return something like I'm not sure about that let me you like I'm not sure about that let me you like I'm not sure about that let me you know please rephrase it or something know please rephrase it or something know please rephrase it or something along those lines that we can have along those lines that we can have along those lines that we can have there. And of course that orchestration there. And of course that orchestration there. And of course that orchestration between other agents is something that's between other agents is something that's between other agents is something that's so very nice to be able to utilize to be so very nice to be able to utilize to be so very nice to be able to utilize to be able to pass off to more of those task able to pass off to more of those task able to pass off to more of those task oriented style agents. Go ahead and oriented style agents. Go ahead and oriented style agents. Go ahead and accomplish this once that um trigger accomplish this once that um trigger accomplish this once that um trigger occurs or when something else happens. occurs or when something else happens. occurs or when something else happens. So that leads us into the beginning So that leads us into the beginning So that leads us into the beginning stages here for our learn with the nerds stages here for our learn with the nerds stages here for our learn with the nerds workshop where we are going to go ahead workshop where we are going to go ahead workshop where we are going to go ahead and build our custom agent from scratch. and build our custom agent from scratch. and build our custom agent from scratch. We're going to start off with really We're going to start off with really We're going to start off with really only focusing on the autonomous part of only focusing on the autonomous part of only focusing on the autonomous part of things. We're going to talk about things. We're going to talk about things. We're going to talk about triggers or talk about tools and passing triggers or talk about tools and passing triggers or talk about tools and passing off to other agents and getting off to other agents and getting off to other agents and getting everything ready for that. However, it everything ready for that. However, it everything ready for that. However, it is also really important to go ahead and is also really important to go ahead and is also really important to go ahead and explain our scenario and what kind of explain our scenario and what kind of explain our scenario and what kind of data we're working with. So, we're going data we're working with. So, we're going data we're working with. So, we're going to start off with that piece to get all to start off with that piece to get all to start off with that piece to get all that organized and then we'll build our that organized and then we'll build our that organized and then we'll build our agent and all the parts that follow from agent and all the parts that follow from agent and all the parts that follow from there. So, if you take a look at our there. So, if you take a look at our there. So, if you take a look at our course materials here for this session, course materials here for this session, course materials here for this session, what we have within there is a a what we have within there is a a what we have within there is a a downloadable file. I've gone ahead and downloadable file. I've gone ahead and downloadable file. I've gone ahead and put that into my one drive to be able to put that into my one drive to be able to put that into my one drive to be able to utilize here for my agent to use and to utilize here for my agent to use and to utilize here for my agent to use and to also build out here today. So, I'm going also build out here today. So, I'm going also build out here today. So, I'm going to go ahead and open up my one drive and to go ahead and open up my one drive and to go ahead and open up my one drive and access all the information in that access all the information in that access all the information in that folder. So, I'm going to go ahead and folder. So, I'm going to go ahead and folder. So, I'm going to go ahead and move over to one drive real quick. Here move over to one drive real quick. Here move over to one drive real quick. Here we are. And you can see here I have all we are. And you can see here I have all we are. And you can see here I have all these different files. We are going to these different files. We are going to these different files. We are going to start off with our Microsoft form start off with our Microsoft form start off with our Microsoft form template. There's a PDF here. If you template. There's a PDF here. If you template. There's a PDF here. If you open it up, all we'll need to do is copy open it up, all we'll need to do is copy open it up, all we'll need to do is copy out the link that's inside of that, out the link that's inside of that, out the link that's inside of that, which is right here. If you want to which is right here. If you want to which is right here. If you want to select that link, right, we want to take select that link, right, we want to take select that link, right, we want to take that and we want to open that here in that and we want to open that here in that and we want to open that here in Microsoft Forms. Once you have it opened Microsoft Forms. Once you have it opened Microsoft Forms. Once you have it opened in Microsoft Forms, all I did was in Microsoft Forms, all I did was in Microsoft Forms, all I did was clicked on it there. We can go ahead and clicked on it there. We can go ahead and clicked on it there. We can go ahead and select duplicate it at the top. That's select duplicate it at the top. That's select duplicate it at the top. That's going to go ahead and set up your very going to go ahead and set up your very going to go ahead and set up your very own copy of this form so that you can own copy of this form so that you can own copy of this form so that you can use the exact same one that I'm using use the exact same one that I'm using use the exact same one that I'm using here if you so chose. here if you so chose. here if you so chose. All right, selecting duplicated on that. All right, there you go. It's finished All right, there you go. It's finished All right, there you go. It's finished loading there and it's saved for me. loading there and it's saved for me. loading there and it's saved for me. Now, the name of this form is our Now, the name of this form is our Now, the name of this form is our Pragmatic Works landscaping request. It Pragmatic Works landscaping request. It Pragmatic Works landscaping request. It does say the word copy in that. So, if does say the word copy in that. So, if does say the word copy in that. So, if you want to go ahead and remove copy, you want to go ahead and remove copy, you want to go ahead and remove copy, just going to click on the title there just going to click on the title there just going to click on the title there and you can go ahead and remove it and you can go ahead and remove it and you can go ahead and remove it there. All right. And just click away there. All right. And just click away there. All right. And just click away and it gets saved. Now, this form kind and it gets saved. Now, this form kind and it gets saved. Now, this form kind of explains the entire scenario. So, of explains the entire scenario. So, of explains the entire scenario. So, we're going to have this fictitious we're going to have this fictitious we're going to have this fictitious company called the Pragmatic Works uh company called the Pragmatic Works uh company called the Pragmatic Works uh landscaping solutions company that's landscaping solutions company that's landscaping solutions company that's just going around the area here in just going around the area here in just going around the area here in Jacksonville, Florida. Um, you know, Jacksonville, Florida. Um, you know, Jacksonville, Florida. Um, you know, working on landscaping. So, it's working on landscaping. So, it's working on landscaping. So, it's residential, it could be commercial, it residential, it could be commercial, it residential, it could be commercial, it could be just simple lawnmowing or other could be just simple lawnmowing or other could be just simple lawnmowing or other things that come with landscaping things that come with landscaping things that come with landscaping services that we may offer. This form is services that we may offer. This form is services that we may offer. This form is going to allow us to have other users, going to allow us to have other users, going to allow us to have other users, external users, come in and put in a external users, come in and put in a external users, come in and put in a request for information or for services request for information or for services request for information or for services if they so choose. So all the user will if they so choose. So all the user will if they so choose. So all the user will need to do is come in here and answer need to do is come in here and answer need to do is come in here and answer the questions. We have a field for name, the questions. We have a field for name, the questions. We have a field for name, field for email, zip code, interested field for email, zip code, interested field for email, zip code, interested service, project description, and just service, project description, and just service, project description, and just your general how did you hear about the your general how did you hear about the your general how did you hear about the hear about us. When the user fills this hear about us. When the user fills this hear about us. When the user fills this out, what we want is our autonomous out, what we want is our autonomous out, what we want is our autonomous agent to go ahead and take that agent to go ahead and take that agent to go ahead and take that information and automatically figure out information and automatically figure out information and automatically figure out which one of our employees, our which one of our employees, our which one of our employees, our technicians or salespeople, whomever it technicians or salespeople, whomever it technicians or salespeople, whomever it may be, we should assign this request may be, we should assign this request may be, we should assign this request to. That's the big goal. So, when to. That's the big goal. So, when to. That's the big goal. So, when somebody comes in here and submits this somebody comes in here and submits this somebody comes in here and submits this form, we want to automatically have our form, we want to automatically have our form, we want to automatically have our agent determine which employee we want agent determine which employee we want agent determine which employee we want to assign it to. So, now we have to to assign it to. So, now we have to to assign it to. So, now we have to think, okay, well, how do we know where think, okay, well, how do we know where think, okay, well, how do we know where that information is coming from? How do that information is coming from? How do that information is coming from? How do we know exactly um which employee to we know exactly um which employee to we know exactly um which employee to pull? Well, if you go back to our little pull? Well, if you go back to our little pull? Well, if you go back to our little one drive folder here, I'm going to go one drive folder here, I'm going to go one drive folder here, I'm going to go click out of this preview there. What we click out of this preview there. What we click out of this preview there. What we have here are two Excel files. The one have here are two Excel files. The one have here are two Excel files. The one that we're going to start with is this that we're going to start with is this that we're going to start with is this employee information file. If I open it employee information file. If I open it employee information file. If I open it up here, up here, up here, all right, I have just a very very basic all right, I have just a very very basic all right, I have just a very very basic table here in Excel. On this table, we table here in Excel. On this table, we table here in Excel. On this table, we have an employee ID column, an employee have an employee ID column, an employee have an employee ID column, an employee name column. Some of the trainers here name column. Some of the trainers here name column. Some of the trainers here at Pragmatic Works. We have an employee at Pragmatic Works. We have an employee at Pragmatic Works. We have an employee email column. I'm just passing in my email column. I'm just passing in my email column. I'm just passing in my dummy email address here that I'm going dummy email address here that I'm going dummy email address here that I'm going to utilize for today. So, if you want to to utilize for today. So, if you want to to utilize for today. So, if you want to go ahead and test this out for yourself, go ahead and test this out for yourself, go ahead and test this out for yourself, go ahead and just put your email address go ahead and just put your email address go ahead and just put your email address there and you could see if exactly does there and you could see if exactly does there and you could see if exactly does the right uh work there. In reality, the right uh work there. In reality, the right uh work there. In reality, this email address would of course match this email address would of course match this email address would of course match up to that employee. We're not going to up to that employee. We're not going to up to that employee. We're not going to be doing that. I don't think they want be doing that. I don't think they want be doing that. I don't think they want to hear all or get all these emails from to hear all or get all these emails from to hear all or get all these emails from me today. So, I'm just going to use this me today. So, I'm just going to use this me today. So, I'm just going to use this email address. We also have a zip code email address. We also have a zip code email address. We also have a zip code that that's essentially their territory that that's essentially their territory that that's essentially their territory and the areas that they cover. So, I and the areas that they cover. So, I and the areas that they cover. So, I included the cities that go with those included the cities that go with those included the cities that go with those zip codes. So, in this case, kind of the zip codes. So, in this case, kind of the zip codes. So, in this case, kind of the general the bigger city for that. All of general the bigger city for that. All of general the bigger city for that. All of these are in the St. uh sorry the the these are in the St. uh sorry the the these are in the St. uh sorry the the Jacksonville, Florida area there, Jacksonville, Florida area there, Jacksonville, Florida area there, including St. Augustine as I was getting including St. Augustine as I was getting including St. Augustine as I was getting to. Um and so that's really what we're to. Um and so that's really what we're to. Um and so that's really what we're going to focus on is really going to going to focus on is really going to going to focus on is really going to take our zip code here when the take our zip code here when the take our zip code here when the requester comes in, fills out the form. requester comes in, fills out the form. requester comes in, fills out the form. Once they fill out the form, we're Once they fill out the form, we're Once they fill out the form, we're really going to focus on mostly the zip really going to focus on mostly the zip really going to focus on mostly the zip code, but we could do it on any other code, but we could do it on any other code, but we could do it on any other field as well. And then use the zip code field as well. And then use the zip code field as well. And then use the zip code essentially as a lookup. find out which essentially as a lookup. find out which essentially as a lookup. find out which employee is covering that area based employee is covering that area based employee is covering that area based upon that. That's how we make our upon that. That's how we make our upon that. That's how we make our assignment. That's really what we want assignment. That's really what we want assignment. That's really what we want our agent to be able to handle all by our agent to be able to handle all by our agent to be able to handle all by itself. So there's our data to work itself. So there's our data to work itself. So there's our data to work with. We have our form ready to go. In with. We have our form ready to go. In with. We have our form ready to go. In fact, if we actually want to use the fact, if we actually want to use the fact, if we actually want to use the form, all you'll need to do here is form, all you'll need to do here is form, all you'll need to do here is select the preview button at the top select the preview button at the top select the preview button at the top here within Microsoft Forms. Once I do here within Microsoft Forms. Once I do here within Microsoft Forms. Once I do that, I can actually, you know, fill it that, I can actually, you know, fill it that, I can actually, you know, fill it out and submit it. So there's your quick out and submit it. So there's your quick out and submit it. So there's your quick answer to that. All right. So, we have answer to that. All right. So, we have answer to that. All right. So, we have all of that prepped, ready to go. All we all of that prepped, ready to go. All we all of that prepped, ready to go. All we need is that agent to handle it for us. need is that agent to handle it for us. need is that agent to handle it for us. So, let's go build out our agent. Now, So, let's go build out our agent. Now, So, let's go build out our agent. Now, the way we're going to do that is we are the way we're going to do that is we are the way we're going to do that is we are going to, of course, use co-pilot going to, of course, use co-pilot going to, of course, use co-pilot studio. So, if you go ahead and navigate studio. So, if you go ahead and navigate studio. So, if you go ahead and navigate over to copilotstudio.microsoft.com, over to copilotstudio.microsoft.com, over to copilotstudio.microsoft.com, you'll get in there. You can also do the you'll get in there. You can also do the you'll get in there. You can also do the preview.microsoft.com preview.microsoft.com preview.microsoft.com as the one you can see that I'm as the one you can see that I'm as the one you can see that I'm currently using. That's just going to currently using. That's just going to currently using. That's just going to enable any of the preview features that enable any of the preview features that enable any of the preview features that do come out within Copilot Studio. do come out within Copilot Studio. do come out within Copilot Studio. You'll see them available here. so long You'll see them available here. so long You'll see them available here. so long as that's been turned on by your tenant as that's been turned on by your tenant as that's been turned on by your tenant admin. Now, what we also have here when admin. Now, what we also have here when admin. Now, what we also have here when we build out our agent is we can go we build out our agent is we can go we build out our agent is we can go ahead and utilize Copilot to help us ahead and utilize Copilot to help us ahead and utilize Copilot to help us build our agent or we can simply come build our agent or we can simply come build our agent or we can simply come over here to the create area and build over here to the create area and build over here to the create area and build from scratch. And that's what I'm going from scratch. And that's what I'm going from scratch. And that's what I'm going to do here today. Just go ahead and to do here today. Just go ahead and to do here today. Just go ahead and build everything from scratch from the build everything from scratch from the build everything from scratch from the beginning because I just really want to beginning because I just really want to beginning because I just really want to focus on the autonomous part of things. focus on the autonomous part of things. focus on the autonomous part of things. If you want to be able to see all the If you want to be able to see all the If you want to be able to see all the other features within Co-Pilot Studio, I other features within Co-Pilot Studio, I other features within Co-Pilot Studio, I absolutely encourage you to take a look absolutely encourage you to take a look absolutely encourage you to take a look at some of our YouTube videos or the at some of our YouTube videos or the at some of our YouTube videos or the courses that we have either by myself or courses that we have either by myself or courses that we have either by myself or by Amelia Roberts. You'll see a lot of by Amelia Roberts. You'll see a lot of by Amelia Roberts. You'll see a lot of work from us focused around co-pilot and work from us focused around co-pilot and work from us focused around co-pilot and co-pilot studio as that's one of our big co-pilot studio as that's one of our big co-pilot studio as that's one of our big pushes here for Pragmatic Works in the pushes here for Pragmatic Works in the pushes here for Pragmatic Works in the in the foreseeable future. So, what I'm in the foreseeable future. So, what I'm in the foreseeable future. So, what I'm going to do here is go ahead and select going to do here is go ahead and select going to do here is go ahead and select create. create. create. And then this is where I'm going to And then this is where I'm going to And then this is where I'm going to create my new agent just by selecting on create my new agent just by selecting on create my new agent just by selecting on new agent right there. All right. So, here we are with our All right. So, here we are with our All right. So, here we are with our agent. So, first things first, we're agent. So, first things first, we're agent. So, first things first, we're going to get some prompts here about going to get some prompts here about going to get some prompts here about what would we like to make? How do we what would we like to make? How do we what would we like to make? How do we want to do things? To make things easy, want to do things? To make things easy, want to do things? To make things easy, what I've done was I've added in within what I've done was I've added in within what I've done was I've added in within our one drive folder here or the folder our one drive folder here or the folder our one drive folder here or the folder I moved into one drive some details I moved into one drive some details I moved into one drive some details about our agent that you can copy and about our agent that you can copy and about our agent that you can copy and paste if you want, including the name, a paste if you want, including the name, a paste if you want, including the name, a brief description, some of those things brief description, some of those things brief description, some of those things there to help us out with uh different there to help us out with uh different there to help us out with uh different parts here. So, if you come here and parts here. So, if you come here and parts here. So, if you come here and click on the autonomous agent details, click on the autonomous agent details, click on the autonomous agent details, you could see here we have our name, you could see here we have our name, you could see here we have our name, description, all the instructions we'll description, all the instructions we'll description, all the instructions we'll be utilizing. This could be something be utilizing. This could be something be utilizing. This could be something that we can absolutely come back to and that we can absolutely come back to and that we can absolutely come back to and just kind of copy and paste if you like just kind of copy and paste if you like just kind of copy and paste if you like and then modify to make life a little and then modify to make life a little and then modify to make life a little bit easier. So, I wanted to make it as bit easier. So, I wanted to make it as bit easier. So, I wanted to make it as easy as possible to just grab things, easy as possible to just grab things, easy as possible to just grab things, copy, paste, go ahead from there. If you copy, paste, go ahead from there. If you copy, paste, go ahead from there. If you want to go ahead and type it out want to go ahead and type it out want to go ahead and type it out yourself and really customize each yourself and really customize each yourself and really customize each piece, absolutely do that as well. Feel piece, absolutely do that as well. Feel piece, absolutely do that as well. Feel free to do whatever makes uh makes the free to do whatever makes uh makes the free to do whatever makes uh makes the most sense for you. I'm going to keep most sense for you. I'm going to keep most sense for you. I'm going to keep this all consistent here. So, I'm going this all consistent here. So, I'm going this all consistent here. So, I'm going to use my agent name here, which is to use my agent name here, which is to use my agent name here, which is going to be Pragmatic Works Landscaping going to be Pragmatic Works Landscaping going to be Pragmatic Works Landscaping Agent. That's going to be the name. The Agent. That's going to be the name. The Agent. That's going to be the name. The description here is what I want my agent description here is what I want my agent description here is what I want my agent to do. Okay. So, you can see here that's to do. Okay. So, you can see here that's to do. Okay. So, you can see here that's kind of the whole purpose of the agent. kind of the whole purpose of the agent. kind of the whole purpose of the agent. So, let's take a look at the prompt here So, let's take a look at the prompt here So, let's take a look at the prompt here first. Coming with co-pilot to help us first. Coming with co-pilot to help us first. Coming with co-pilot to help us do this. Now, what you can see here do this. Now, what you can see here do this. Now, what you can see here says, "Hello, I'm here to help build an says, "Hello, I'm here to help build an says, "Hello, I'm here to help build an agent so you can get more done." Says agent so you can get more done." Says agent so you can get more done." Says something like, "Provide best practices something like, "Provide best practices something like, "Provide best practices for project manager. Help my teammates for project manager. Help my teammates for project manager. Help my teammates onboard a new project. What would you onboard a new project. What would you onboard a new project. What would you like to make?" Well, I'm actually going like to make?" Well, I'm actually going like to make?" Well, I'm actually going to go grab from our file here the agent to go grab from our file here the agent to go grab from our file here the agent description. I'm going to just use that description. I'm going to just use that description. I'm going to just use that to help us. So, I'm going to copy that to help us. So, I'm going to copy that to help us. So, I'm going to copy that out and pass that in here and just click out and pass that in here and just click out and pass that in here and just click paste. Okay. And it should say and paste. Okay. And it should say and paste. Okay. And it should say and autonomous the agent. There we go. Fix autonomous the agent. There we go. Fix autonomous the agent. There we go. Fix that there. And we can go ahead and send that there. And we can go ahead and send that there. And we can go ahead and send it. it. it. And we're going to get a couple And we're going to get a couple And we're going to get a couple follow-up information uh details here follow-up information uh details here follow-up information uh details here coming from Co-Pilot to help go ahead coming from Co-Pilot to help go ahead coming from Co-Pilot to help go ahead and structure the agent as much as and structure the agent as much as and structure the agent as much as possible. So, you'll see here you have a possible. So, you'll see here you have a possible. So, you'll see here you have a lot of core information behavior we can lot of core information behavior we can lot of core information behavior we can kind of add to if we want. We could kind of add to if we want. We could kind of add to if we want. We could continue to go down this or we could go continue to go down this or we could go continue to go down this or we could go ahead and customize it ourselves here. ahead and customize it ourselves here. ahead and customize it ourselves here. So, if you want, go ahead and keep So, if you want, go ahead and keep So, if you want, go ahead and keep answering questions. Let co-pilot assist answering questions. Let co-pilot assist answering questions. Let co-pilot assist you. Like for this next one, what do you you. Like for this next one, what do you you. Like for this next one, what do you want to call this? Well, I already have want to call this? Well, I already have want to call this? Well, I already have an idea of what I want to call it. So, an idea of what I want to call it. So, an idea of what I want to call it. So, maybe I'll just continue with this last maybe I'll just continue with this last maybe I'll just continue with this last piece and then I'll do the rest myself piece and then I'll do the rest myself piece and then I'll do the rest myself afterwards. So, I'm going to call it the afterwards. So, I'm going to call it the afterwards. So, I'm going to call it the Pragmatic Works Landscaping Agent. So, Pragmatic Works Landscaping Agent. So, Pragmatic Works Landscaping Agent. So, I'm going to say right here, call it I'm going to say right here, call it I'm going to say right here, call it Pragmatic Works Landscaping Agent. I'll Pragmatic Works Landscaping Agent. I'll Pragmatic Works Landscaping Agent. I'll just put some double quotes around it just put some double quotes around it just put some double quotes around it just so it knows exactly what I'm going just so it knows exactly what I'm going just so it knows exactly what I'm going to be doing there. All right. So, there we go. The agent's All right. So, there we go. The agent's All right. So, there we go. The agent's going to be doing that. We can go ahead going to be doing that. We can go ahead going to be doing that. We can go ahead and do other things and continue on and do other things and continue on and do other things and continue on again with that conversation with again with that conversation with again with that conversation with co-pilot. However, what I'm going to do co-pilot. However, what I'm going to do co-pilot. However, what I'm going to do is I'm going to skip a couple of these is I'm going to skip a couple of these is I'm going to skip a couple of these things and we're just going to get things and we're just going to get things and we're just going to get straight to building this out. So, I'm straight to building this out. So, I'm straight to building this out. So, I'm going to select up here in the upper going to select up here in the upper going to select up here in the upper right hand corner, skip to configure. right hand corner, skip to configure. right hand corner, skip to configure. This is going to essentially get us This is going to essentially get us This is going to essentially get us right into the name it, describe it, do right into the name it, describe it, do right into the name it, describe it, do all these things, right? And maybe have all these things, right? And maybe have all these things, right? And maybe have some suggested prompts and all these some suggested prompts and all these some suggested prompts and all these other things that it can handle. So you other things that it can handle. So you other things that it can handle. So you can see here we have all that can see here we have all that can see here we have all that information. So our descriptions in it information. So our descriptions in it information. So our descriptions in it gives us some basic instructions to gives us some basic instructions to gives us some basic instructions to begin with. Escalate, communicate, all begin with. Escalate, communicate, all begin with. Escalate, communicate, all these things. Copilot wrote them for us, these things. Copilot wrote them for us, these things. Copilot wrote them for us, which is actually really, really nice to which is actually really, really nice to which is actually really, really nice to have. Right. So we get to be able to go have. Right. So we get to be able to go have. Right. So we get to be able to go through the entire process here and through the entire process here and through the entire process here and allow Copilot to assist us in in all allow Copilot to assist us in in all allow Copilot to assist us in in all these different tasks. At this point, I these different tasks. At this point, I these different tasks. At this point, I think we're ready to go ahead and create think we're ready to go ahead and create think we're ready to go ahead and create this. If I wanted to change the icon, I this. If I wanted to change the icon, I this. If I wanted to change the icon, I could do that as well. Um, you could could do that as well. Um, you could could do that as well. Um, you could kind of throw that in there. Now, I do kind of throw that in there. Now, I do kind of throw that in there. Now, I do have an icon, of course. I'm going to have an icon, of course. I'm going to have an icon, of course. I'm going to throw everything in here inside of our throw everything in here inside of our throw everything in here inside of our Excel file or, excuse me, our folder Excel file or, excuse me, our folder Excel file or, excuse me, our folder here. We do have this logo, this PNG here. We do have this logo, this PNG here. We do have this logo, this PNG logo there. If you want to utilize, go logo there. If you want to utilize, go logo there. If you want to utilize, go ahead and do that, too, if you really ahead and do that, too, if you really ahead and do that, too, if you really care for it. Uh, I might just change it care for it. Uh, I might just change it care for it. Uh, I might just change it real fast. And you can go ahead and grab real fast. And you can go ahead and grab real fast. And you can go ahead and grab that from there. So, let me go ahead and that from there. So, let me go ahead and that from there. So, let me go ahead and open that up. Let's see if I can find open that up. Let's see if I can find open that up. Let's see if I can find that real quick. Uh, let's go here. And that real quick. Uh, let's go here. And that real quick. Uh, let's go here. And I want to Oh, it's going to point to one I want to Oh, it's going to point to one I want to Oh, it's going to point to one drive. You know what? Let me go ahead drive. You know what? Let me go ahead drive. You know what? Let me go ahead and do that later. I'll save that to my and do that later. I'll save that to my and do that later. I'll save that to my desktop and pull it later. It's in this desktop and pull it later. It's in this desktop and pull it later. It's in this other account for now. So, I'm going to other account for now. So, I'm going to other account for now. So, I'm going to go ahead and and click cancel on that. go ahead and and click cancel on that. go ahead and and click cancel on that. And yeah, you know what? I think that's And yeah, you know what? I think that's And yeah, you know what? I think that's good. Let's just create it. Just go good. Let's just create it. Just go good. Let's just create it. Just go right in. All right. Now, as it sets up our agent, All right. Now, as it sets up our agent, All right. Now, as it sets up our agent, really, the next thing that we're going really, the next thing that we're going really, the next thing that we're going to be focused on is remember this is all to be focused on is remember this is all to be focused on is remember this is all about making this an autonomous agent. about making this an autonomous agent. about making this an autonomous agent. That's the big push for us here today. That's the big push for us here today. That's the big push for us here today. So what we want to be able to do is not So what we want to be able to do is not So what we want to be able to do is not just come in and do your classic topics just come in and do your classic topics just come in and do your classic topics and knowledge sources and have it just, and knowledge sources and have it just, and knowledge sources and have it just, you know, do exactly as we train it. We you know, do exactly as we train it. We you know, do exactly as we train it. We wanted to really take over that task, wanted to really take over that task, wanted to really take over that task, take over that role to determine what to take over that role to determine what to take over that role to determine what to do next. So what we need need to do here do next. So what we need need to do here do next. So what we need need to do here is start off by coming down and setting is start off by coming down and setting is start off by coming down and setting up a trigger. Now the triggers, that's up a trigger. Now the triggers, that's up a trigger. Now the triggers, that's the key to really setting this to be the key to really setting this to be the key to really setting this to be autonomous. All right. So building autonomous. All right. So building autonomous. All right. So building blocks in autonomous agent again blocks in autonomous agent again blocks in autonomous agent again starting with that trigger. This is what starting with that trigger. This is what starting with that trigger. This is what the autonomous agent needs to function. the autonomous agent needs to function. the autonomous agent needs to function. It's the main piece. Just like if you It's the main piece. Just like if you It's the main piece. Just like if you have some familiarity with Microsoft have some familiarity with Microsoft have some familiarity with Microsoft Power Automate, every single cloud flow Power Automate, every single cloud flow Power Automate, every single cloud flow we have we have with Power Automate we have we have with Power Automate we have we have with Power Automate requires a trigger. We have three requires a trigger. We have three requires a trigger. We have three different types of triggers with Power different types of triggers with Power different types of triggers with Power Automate cloud. Well, here with our Automate cloud. Well, here with our Automate cloud. Well, here with our autonomous agent, it's very similar in autonomous agent, it's very similar in autonomous agent, it's very similar in that. However, it's a little bit that. However, it's a little bit that. However, it's a little bit different in the way things work. The different in the way things work. The different in the way things work. The big difference between working with big difference between working with big difference between working with Power Automate and the triggers and all Power Automate and the triggers and all Power Automate and the triggers and all the actions that come with that and then the actions that come with that and then the actions that come with that and then Copa Studio autonomous agent is when we Copa Studio autonomous agent is when we Copa Studio autonomous agent is when we work with Power Automate, we determine work with Power Automate, we determine work with Power Automate, we determine first, second, third, fourth, fifth, and first, second, third, fourth, fifth, and first, second, third, fourth, fifth, and so on steps in that specific order. Of so on steps in that specific order. Of so on steps in that specific order. Of course, we can add in our for each course, we can add in our for each course, we can add in our for each loops, our conditionals, all the extra loops, our conditionals, all the extra loops, our conditionals, all the extra parts that we want to add into those parts that we want to add into those parts that we want to add into those flows, but it's really that very, very flows, but it's really that very, very flows, but it's really that very, very specific order of operations. specific order of operations. specific order of operations. Co-pilot autonomous agents are a little Co-pilot autonomous agents are a little Co-pilot autonomous agents are a little bit different. This is where we want it bit different. This is where we want it bit different. This is where we want it to, yes, trigger by some type of event to, yes, trigger by some type of event to, yes, trigger by some type of event or some uh different things that we or some uh different things that we or some uh different things that we have, but we want it to be able to have, but we want it to be able to have, but we want it to be able to determine for itself how to complete the determine for itself how to complete the determine for itself how to complete the tasks, when to do things, where to go tasks, when to do things, where to go tasks, when to do things, where to go based on the information and the based on the information and the based on the information and the instructions we provide it. So, it's a instructions we provide it. So, it's a instructions we provide it. So, it's a little bit different than Power Automate little bit different than Power Automate little bit different than Power Automate where Power Automate is a little bit where Power Automate is a little bit where Power Automate is a little bit more strict, a little bit more more strict, a little bit more more strict, a little bit more stratified, and these autonomous agents stratified, and these autonomous agents stratified, and these autonomous agents are a little bit open-minded, right? are a little bit open-minded, right? are a little bit open-minded, right? they can kind of do a couple different they can kind of do a couple different they can kind of do a couple different things. We don't have to complete things things. We don't have to complete things things. We don't have to complete things in the exact order we set. We can let in the exact order we set. We can let in the exact order we set. We can let the agent take over for us from there. the agent take over for us from there. the agent take over for us from there. So here when we talk about our building So here when we talk about our building So here when we talk about our building blocks, really we need a trigger. We blocks, really we need a trigger. We blocks, really we need a trigger. We need something to say, all right, how need something to say, all right, how need something to say, all right, how should this begin? What are we should this begin? What are we should this begin? What are we monitoring? What are the couple monitoring? What are the couple monitoring? What are the couple different things we want to focus on? different things we want to focus on? different things we want to focus on? And we're going to do it when a new And we're going to do it when a new And we're going to do it when a new farm's response is submitted. Then we farm's response is submitted. Then we farm's response is submitted. Then we can give it some knowledge sources if we can give it some knowledge sources if we can give it some knowledge sources if we want. Like for instance, I could pass in want. Like for instance, I could pass in want. Like for instance, I could pass in pragmaticworks.com pragmaticworks.com pragmaticworks.com or another web page, allow it to read or another web page, allow it to read or another web page, allow it to read off information from that web page, off information from that web page, off information from that web page, maybe from the about or the Q&amp;A section, maybe from the about or the Q&amp;A section, maybe from the about or the Q&amp;A section, generalformational pieces, our classes, generalformational pieces, our classes, generalformational pieces, our classes, whatever it may be. We can go past that whatever it may be. We can go past that whatever it may be. We can go past that in and allow the agent to go in and allow the agent to go in and allow the agent to go automatically determine where and when automatically determine where and when automatically determine where and when it needs to pull information from the it needs to pull information from the it needs to pull information from the websites. We could even add in different websites. We could even add in different websites. We could even add in different tools. These tools as we go through them tools. These tools as we go through them tools. These tools as we go through them in a little bit you're going to see are in a little bit you're going to see are in a little bit you're going to see are they're power platform connectors. So they're power platform connectors. So they're power platform connectors. So it's the same similar actions that we it's the same similar actions that we it's the same similar actions that we have with Power Automate and Power Apps have with Power Automate and Power Apps have with Power Automate and Power Apps that we can utilize here in our agent that we can utilize here in our agent that we can utilize here in our agent and just say we want to use this tool. and just say we want to use this tool. and just say we want to use this tool. Let the AI agent like the autonomous Let the AI agent like the autonomous Let the AI agent like the autonomous agent determine when to do so. So agent determine when to do so. So agent determine when to do so. So instead of just making it as a step it instead of just making it as a step it instead of just making it as a step it just this is what we want to utilize. Go just this is what we want to utilize. Go just this is what we want to utilize. Go ahead and do that as necessary. So you ahead and do that as necessary. So you ahead and do that as necessary. So you see some of the ones that we're going to see some of the ones that we're going to see some of the ones that we're going to focus on here today. We could do get focus on here today. We could do get focus on here today. We could do get response details, list rows present and response details, list rows present and response details, list rows present and a table for Excel, add a row and a table a table for Excel, add a row and a table a table for Excel, add a row and a table for Excel, send an email for for for Excel, send an email for for for Excel, send an email for for Outlook, write a draft email, post a Outlook, write a draft email, post a Outlook, write a draft email, post a message in Teams, all these different message in Teams, all these different message in Teams, all these different things that you can employ using Power things that you can employ using Power things that you can employ using Power Automate, we can have our autonomous Automate, we can have our autonomous Automate, we can have our autonomous agent utilize as well. Then finally, the agent utilize as well. Then finally, the agent utilize as well. Then finally, the big part about things as we go through big part about things as we go through big part about things as we go through is making sure our instructions are is making sure our instructions are is making sure our instructions are going to be really important. They're going to be really important. They're going to be really important. They're going to make sure that we let the agent going to make sure that we let the agent going to make sure that we let the agent know how it is supposed to work. What is know how it is supposed to work. What is know how it is supposed to work. What is it supposed to do? Give it the guard it supposed to do? Give it the guard it supposed to do? Give it the guard rails for us so it knows exactly what rails for us so it knows exactly what rails for us so it knows exactly what we're expecting it to be able to we're expecting it to be able to we're expecting it to be able to complete. That's going to be a big complete. That's going to be a big complete. That's going to be a big picture for us. But again, to get there, picture for us. But again, to get there, picture for us. But again, to get there, we need to start off with our trigger. we need to start off with our trigger. we need to start off with our trigger. So, when we think about triggers here So, when we think about triggers here So, when we think about triggers here within Copilot Studio and our autonomous within Copilot Studio and our autonomous within Copilot Studio and our autonomous agent, these triggers are going to allow agent, these triggers are going to allow agent, these triggers are going to allow the agent to run autonomously. That's the agent to run autonomously. That's the agent to run autonomously. That's the whole point about this. It starts by the whole point about this. It starts by the whole point about this. It starts by itself. It reads an event. It looks for itself. It reads an event. It looks for itself. It reads an event. It looks for something to occur and then just goes on something to occur and then just goes on something to occur and then just goes on its own from there. We can have it based its own from there. We can have it based its own from there. We can have it based on external events to that are connected on external events to that are connected on external events to that are connected to that agent through this trigger. And to that agent through this trigger. And to that agent through this trigger. And then again, all these triggers are the then again, all these triggers are the then again, all these triggers are the ones that we can employ using Power ones that we can employ using Power ones that we can employ using Power Automate as well. So we get to really Automate as well. So we get to really Automate as well. So we get to really have that that kind of duality between have that that kind of duality between have that that kind of duality between our power automate cloud flows that are our power automate cloud flows that are our power automate cloud flows that are very very specific stepby-step important very very specific stepby-step important very very specific stepby-step important taskbased things and then our autonomous taskbased things and then our autonomous taskbased things and then our autonomous agent to kind of just do all the rest agent to kind of just do all the rest agent to kind of just do all the rest handle all those other cases that may handle all those other cases that may handle all those other cases that may come in and let it determine how it come in and let it determine how it come in and let it determine how it needs to work. As you can see here on needs to work. As you can see here on needs to work. As you can see here on screen that little screenshot those are screen that little screenshot those are screen that little screenshot those are the triggers that we have. Those are the triggers that we have. Those are the triggers that we have. Those are just some of the featured ones and we just some of the featured ones and we just some of the featured ones and we can search through and find more very can search through and find more very can search through and find more very very similar to how we would look in a very similar to how we would look in a very similar to how we would look in a cloudflow. So it's really nice to be cloudflow. So it's really nice to be cloudflow. So it's really nice to be able to to have for us. Now when we work able to to have for us. Now when we work able to to have for us. Now when we work with these triggers, it actually what with these triggers, it actually what with these triggers, it actually what will happen is when we employ a trigger will happen is when we employ a trigger will happen is when we employ a trigger within Copilot Studio and these within Copilot Studio and these within Copilot Studio and these autonomous agents is that it's going to autonomous agents is that it's going to autonomous agents is that it's going to go ahead and it's actually going to go ahead and it's actually going to go ahead and it's actually going to create a Power Automate workflow for us. create a Power Automate workflow for us. create a Power Automate workflow for us. So the agent is going to kick off the So the agent is going to kick off the So the agent is going to kick off the trigger within Power Automate which will trigger within Power Automate which will trigger within Power Automate which will then pass details back into the agent. then pass details back into the agent. then pass details back into the agent. So, it uses the pre-built API So, it uses the pre-built API So, it uses the pre-built API connections, those Power Platform connections, those Power Platform connections, those Power Platform connectors available to then go ahead connectors available to then go ahead connectors available to then go ahead and the agent says, "Yep, the event just and the agent says, "Yep, the event just and the agent says, "Yep, the event just occurred. Go ahead and do the the task, occurred. Go ahead and do the the task, occurred. Go ahead and do the the task, go get the information, go determine go get the information, go determine go get the information, go determine whatever it is, grab the email, whatever whatever it is, grab the email, whatever whatever it is, grab the email, whatever it may be, get those details, get that it may be, get those details, get that it may be, get those details, get that output, and then pass that into the output, and then pass that into the output, and then pass that into the agent so it can determine what to do agent so it can determine what to do agent so it can determine what to do from there next." Which means it could from there next." Which means it could from there next." Which means it could even trigger off another session. it can even trigger off another session. it can even trigger off another session. it can trigger off something else that occurs trigger off something else that occurs trigger off something else that occurs because we we're not limited to just one because we we're not limited to just one because we we're not limited to just one thing. We can stack this and make this thing. We can stack this and make this thing. We can stack this and make this truly an autonomous agent that does a truly an autonomous agent that does a truly an autonomous agent that does a lot for us, which is actually really lot for us, which is actually really lot for us, which is actually really really nice to have. really nice to have. really nice to have. So, let's go do it. Let's add in a So, let's go do it. Let's add in a So, let's go do it. Let's add in a trigger into our autonomous agent that trigger into our autonomous agent that trigger into our autonomous agent that we're developing so that we can go ahead we're developing so that we can go ahead we're developing so that we can go ahead and have it just run whenever we need it and have it just run whenever we need it and have it just run whenever we need it to go. All right. So, let's go do that to go. All right. So, let's go do that to go. All right. So, let's go do that here and we're going to add in our here and we're going to add in our here and we're going to add in our trigger. Now, the way that we're going trigger. Now, the way that we're going trigger. Now, the way that we're going to add in our trigger. There goes my to add in our trigger. There goes my to add in our trigger. There goes my screen. We're going to add in our screen. We're going to add in our screen. We're going to add in our trigger is just click right here. You trigger is just click right here. You trigger is just click right here. You could scroll on down and select our could scroll on down and select our could scroll on down and select our triggers right here near the bottom and triggers right here near the bottom and triggers right here near the bottom and add a trigger for us here since we are add a trigger for us here since we are add a trigger for us here since we are utilizing Microsoft Forms. Well, that's utilizing Microsoft Forms. Well, that's utilizing Microsoft Forms. Well, that's the trigger we're going to have. You can the trigger we're going to have. You can the trigger we're going to have. You can see our recurrence trigger like run on a see our recurrence trigger like run on a see our recurrence trigger like run on a schedule like again Power Automate schedule like again Power Automate schedule like again Power Automate Cloudflow trigger there. We want to of Cloudflow trigger there. We want to of Cloudflow trigger there. We want to of course use it when a new form submission course use it when a new form submission course use it when a new form submission comes in. So, that's right here. when a comes in. So, that's right here. when a comes in. So, that's right here. when a new response is submitted with Microsoft new response is submitted with Microsoft new response is submitted with Microsoft Forms. So, I'm going to go just click on Forms. So, I'm going to go just click on Forms. So, I'm going to go just click on it. If you want to see all the others, it. If you want to see all the others, it. If you want to see all the others, just go ahead and search all or select just go ahead and search all or select just go ahead and search all or select all. You can search through or go all. You can search through or go all. You can search through or go through and just kind of give yourself a through and just kind of give yourself a through and just kind of give yourself a nice little scroll of a lot of the nice little scroll of a lot of the nice little scroll of a lot of the triggers that we have there. But again, triggers that we have there. But again, triggers that we have there. But again, we're going to be using this this one up we're going to be using this this one up we're going to be using this this one up at the top when a new response is at the top when a new response is at the top when a new response is submitted. So, I'll select next. Now, as we go through this with our Now, as we go through this with our Now, as we go through this with our trigger, if you again have that trigger, if you again have that trigger, if you again have that familiarity within the Power Platform familiarity within the Power Platform familiarity within the Power Platform connectors like via Power Automate, you connectors like via Power Automate, you connectors like via Power Automate, you are going to see that it's to set things are going to see that it's to set things are going to see that it's to set things up to work with the the parameters and up to work with the the parameters and up to work with the the parameters and the different settings within our the different settings within our the different settings within our triggers and our tools that we're going triggers and our tools that we're going triggers and our tools that we're going to employ. They're very similar. We need to employ. They're very similar. We need to employ. They're very similar. We need to make sure we're pointing to which to make sure we're pointing to which to make sure we're pointing to which form we want. Then, we're going to say form we want. Then, we're going to say form we want. Then, we're going to say what to do with it. When we do our other what to do with it. When we do our other what to do with it. When we do our other actions, our other tools that we have, actions, our other tools that we have, actions, our other tools that we have, we're going to say, "Well, where's the we're going to say, "Well, where's the we're going to say, "Well, where's the file? what table are we looking at? What file? what table are we looking at? What file? what table are we looking at? What are we sending? What's in the email? are we sending? What's in the email? are we sending? What's in the email? What's the subject? All those things. We What's the subject? All those things. We What's the subject? All those things. We get to go ahead and and do all those get to go ahead and and do all those get to go ahead and and do all those parameters here when we actually focus parameters here when we actually focus parameters here when we actually focus on the connector. So, here's our on the connector. So, here's our on the connector. So, here's our trigger. It looks like my connections trigger. It looks like my connections trigger. It looks like my connections are good. Just single sign on here with are good. Just single sign on here with are good. Just single sign on here with Microsoft helps us do that nice and Microsoft helps us do that nice and Microsoft helps us do that nice and quick. And then we can select next. quick. And then we can select next. quick. And then we can select next. Now, here is where we need to determine Now, here is where we need to determine Now, here is where we need to determine what we're actually going to pull from. what we're actually going to pull from. what we're actually going to pull from. So, you need to say all right, which So, you need to say all right, which So, you need to say all right, which form are we going to monitor form are we going to monitor form are we going to monitor essentially. So I can select here in essentially. So I can select here in essentially. So I can select here in this dropdown and we should have a full this dropdown and we should have a full this dropdown and we should have a full list of our forms. Now if you don't see list of our forms. Now if you don't see list of our forms. Now if you don't see your form, okay, if you don't see it at your form, okay, if you don't see it at your form, okay, if you don't see it at all, it's like the the list is empty. all, it's like the the list is empty. all, it's like the the list is empty. You're not finding it. Well, it's You're not finding it. Well, it's You're not finding it. Well, it's looking for the form ID. So you can go looking for the form ID. So you can go looking for the form ID. So you can go over to Microsoft forms and you can find over to Microsoft forms and you can find over to Microsoft forms and you can find the form ID. That's just simply going to the form ID. That's just simply going to the form ID. That's just simply going to come here inside of our URL here right come here inside of our URL here right come here inside of our URL here right at the top. Okay, you can see here you at the top. Okay, you can see here you at the top. Okay, you can see here you could just grab all of that there. could just grab all of that there. could just grab all of that there. There's your form ID. copy and paste There's your form ID. copy and paste There's your form ID. copy and paste that in and it will go ahead and find it that in and it will go ahead and find it that in and it will go ahead and find it the same. If not, if it's that may be a the same. If not, if it's that may be a the same. If not, if it's that may be a little bit too advanced for you, just little bit too advanced for you, just little bit too advanced for you, just give yourself a refresh. Refresh the give yourself a refresh. Refresh the give yourself a refresh. Refresh the browser that you have here with your browser that you have here with your browser that you have here with your agent. Go ahead and close this. Give it agent. Go ahead and close this. Give it agent. Go ahead and close this. Give it a nice refresh. That usually solves that a nice refresh. That usually solves that a nice refresh. That usually solves that problem as well. It just needs to make problem as well. It just needs to make problem as well. It just needs to make that connection again and view all the that connection again and view all the that connection again and view all the the things that we have already made. the things that we have already made. the things that we have already made. So, I have mine done. So, I'm going to So, I have mine done. So, I'm going to So, I have mine done. So, I'm going to select that there. And then go ahead and select that there. And then go ahead and select that there. And then go ahead and create our trigger. And that's really create our trigger. And that's really create our trigger. And that's really all we need to do from the trigger all we need to do from the trigger all we need to do from the trigger perspective. Now, do we want to go in perspective. Now, do we want to go in perspective. Now, do we want to go in and customize that even further? Yeah, and customize that even further? Yeah, and customize that even further? Yeah, absolutely. We can do that. We can make absolutely. We can do that. We can make absolutely. We can do that. We can make f further changes if as necessary. Maybe f further changes if as necessary. Maybe f further changes if as necessary. Maybe change the instructions. So, instead of change the instructions. So, instead of change the instructions. So, instead of using content from the body, we can add using content from the body, we can add using content from the body, we can add pieces to that or more uh guard rails on pieces to that or more uh guard rails on pieces to that or more uh guard rails on how this is supposed to work. But that's how this is supposed to work. But that's how this is supposed to work. But that's the nice piece about working with the the nice piece about working with the the nice piece about working with the power platform, of course, in this no power platform, of course, in this no power platform, of course, in this no code, low code platform is a lot of it code, low code platform is a lot of it code, low code platform is a lot of it is just out of the box clicks. Click is just out of the box clicks. Click is just out of the box clicks. Click yourself to success and then use what's yourself to success and then use what's yourself to success and then use what's already pre-built for you. All right. already pre-built for you. All right. already pre-built for you. All right. So, there it is. It's done. It's So, there it is. It's done. It's So, there it is. It's done. It's successfully added. Says go ahead and successfully added. Says go ahead and successfully added. Says go ahead and test it to ensure it's working properly. test it to ensure it's working properly. test it to ensure it's working properly. Okay. Well, before we actually test it Okay. Well, before we actually test it Okay. Well, before we actually test it now, we can test it right away. Before now, we can test it right away. Before now, we can test it right away. Before we actually test it, well, we need to we actually test it, well, we need to we actually test it, well, we need to actually submit a form to see if it actually submit a form to see if it actually submit a form to see if it works at all. Okay. So, let's do that. works at all. Okay. So, let's do that. works at all. Okay. So, let's do that. Let's go ahead and test this out by Let's go ahead and test this out by Let's go ahead and test this out by actually submitting a form, seeing if it actually submitting a form, seeing if it actually submitting a form, seeing if it recognized that the form was submitted. recognized that the form was submitted. recognized that the form was submitted. We'll kind of take a look at how that We'll kind of take a look at how that We'll kind of take a look at how that works here. So, to do so, I'm going to works here. So, to do so, I'm going to works here. So, to do so, I'm going to go over to Microsoft Forms. Okay. I'm go over to Microsoft Forms. Okay. I'm go over to Microsoft Forms. Okay. I'm going to go to my form here. I'm in my going to go to my form here. I'm in my going to go to my form here. I'm in my preview mode right now. All right. So, preview mode right now. All right. So, preview mode right now. All right. So, again, if you're not in this where you again, if you're not in this where you again, if you're not in this where you can actually type in and submit can actually type in and submit can actually type in and submit something, make sure if I go back here something, make sure if I go back here something, make sure if I go back here at the very top, you're selecting at the very top, you're selecting at the very top, you're selecting preview right next to the collect preview right next to the collect preview right next to the collect responses button there. So, preview and responses button there. So, preview and responses button there. So, preview and then go ahead and put in your then go ahead and put in your then go ahead and put in your information. So, I'm just going to put information. So, I'm just going to put information. So, I'm just going to put in some kind of dummy data here. So, in some kind of dummy data here. So, in some kind of dummy data here. So, I'll do Jonathan. I'll do Jonathan I'll do Jonathan. I'll do Jonathan I'll do Jonathan. I'll do Jonathan sample.com. sample.com. sample.com. And for my zip code, well, let's think And for my zip code, well, let's think And for my zip code, well, let's think about this because we're going to use about this because we're going to use about this because we're going to use this later on to determine a little this later on to determine a little this later on to determine a little which make sure it's actually working which make sure it's actually working which make sure it's actually working the correct way. Well, if I just go to the correct way. Well, if I just go to the correct way. Well, if I just go to my Excel file, like let's say I want to my Excel file, like let's say I want to my Excel file, like let's say I want to use one of these zip codes. So, let's use one of these zip codes. So, let's use one of these zip codes. So, let's say I want to use um the San Marco area say I want to use um the San Marco area say I want to use um the San Marco area here in Jacksonville. So, 32207. That's here in Jacksonville. So, 32207. That's here in Jacksonville. So, 32207. That's what I'm going to put in here for our what I'm going to put in here for our what I'm going to put in here for our first one. And just make sure that it first one. And just make sure that it first one. And just make sure that it when we actually let this run later on, when we actually let this run later on, when we actually let this run later on, it looks to the right thing. So, 32207. it looks to the right thing. So, 32207. it looks to the right thing. So, 32207. All right. I'm going to put that in All right. I'm going to put that in All right. I'm going to put that in there. What am I interested in? Just there. What am I interested in? Just there. What am I interested in? Just general lawn maintenance is fine for me. general lawn maintenance is fine for me. general lawn maintenance is fine for me. Um, what are any details? I need someone Um, what are any details? I need someone Um, what are any details? I need someone to cut my grass to cut my grass to cut my grass every other week. Now, I know in Florida every other week. Now, I know in Florida every other week. Now, I know in Florida if that you only cut your lawn every if that you only cut your lawn every if that you only cut your lawn every other week, it's going to be thick. It's other week, it's going to be thick. It's other week, it's going to be thick. It's going to be real tall. So, probably going to be real tall. So, probably going to be real tall. So, probably every week would be better. But, hey, every week would be better. But, hey, every week would be better. But, hey, we'll just do it this way. And then, we'll just do it this way. And then, we'll just do it this way. And then, let's say I found out via social media. let's say I found out via social media. let's say I found out via social media. Maybe we go go that way. All right. So, Maybe we go go that way. All right. So, Maybe we go go that way. All right. So, I'm going to submit this. It's going to I'm going to submit this. It's going to I'm going to submit this. It's going to store that. Okay. There it goes. Our store that. Okay. There it goes. Our store that. Okay. There it goes. Our response is submitted. I'm going to go response is submitted. I'm going to go response is submitted. I'm going to go ahead and choose submit another response ahead and choose submit another response ahead and choose submit another response for now just to kind of get that out of for now just to kind of get that out of for now just to kind of get that out of the way. And then go over to Copilot the way. And then go over to Copilot the way. And then go over to Copilot Studio here within our agent. And in Studio here within our agent. And in Studio here within our agent. And in order to test to see, well, did that order to test to see, well, did that order to test to see, well, did that actually work? Like is it actually actually work? Like is it actually actually work? Like is it actually showing up? When we come over here to showing up? When we come over here to showing up? When we come over here to triggers, if you take a look at this triggers, if you take a look at this triggers, if you take a look at this button right here, the little beaker button right here, the little beaker button right here, the little beaker icon, that's our testing button. So, you icon, that's our testing button. So, you icon, that's our testing button. So, you can select that to test the trigger. can select that to test the trigger. can select that to test the trigger. Kind of similar to Power Automate, has Kind of similar to Power Automate, has Kind of similar to Power Automate, has that test beaker icon as well. So, I can that test beaker icon as well. So, I can that test beaker icon as well. So, I can select on it here. It's going to give me select on it here. It's going to give me select on it here. It's going to give me my pop out. Oh, it recognized that look my pop out. Oh, it recognized that look my pop out. Oh, it recognized that look at that. There was a form response that at that. There was a form response that at that. There was a form response that just went through, I can go ahead and just went through, I can go ahead and just went through, I can go ahead and choose start testing. And then when I choose start testing. And then when I choose start testing. And then when I choose start testing and as as it starts choose start testing and as as it starts choose start testing and as as it starts to spin, what I'm next going to do is to spin, what I'm next going to do is to spin, what I'm next going to do is I'm going to focus on this activity map. I'm going to focus on this activity map. I'm going to focus on this activity map. You notice it automatically shows up for You notice it automatically shows up for You notice it automatically shows up for us. The activity map here, okay, is we us. The activity map here, okay, is we us. The activity map here, okay, is we want to come in and make sure that we want to come in and make sure that we want to come in and make sure that we see everything come together. We want to see everything come together. We want to see everything come together. We want to watch it come in front of us. So let's watch it come in front of us. So let's watch it come in front of us. So let's see here. I'm going to click got it. And see here. I'm going to click got it. And see here. I'm going to click got it. And it looks like here I'm getting an error it looks like here I'm getting an error it looks like here I'm getting an error message. The content was filtered due to message. The content was filtered due to message. The content was filtered due to responsible AI restrictions. responsible AI restrictions. responsible AI restrictions. Now the reason why we're seeing this and Now the reason why we're seeing this and Now the reason why we're seeing this and sometimes this occurs within this error sometimes this occurs within this error sometimes this occurs within this error message is it's largely due to the message is it's largely due to the message is it's largely due to the instructions that we have within our instructions that we have within our instructions that we have within our instructions. If we're saying go do instructions. If we're saying go do instructions. If we're saying go do this, go find this information but not this, go find this information but not this, go find this information but not really putting any real guard rails on really putting any real guard rails on really putting any real guard rails on things. That's where sometimes you'll things. That's where sometimes you'll things. That's where sometimes you'll see this. So let's go back to our see this. So let's go back to our see this. So let's go back to our overview real quick. And you can see overview real quick. And you can see overview real quick. And you can see here I have a lot of instructions, a lot here I have a lot of instructions, a lot here I have a lot of instructions, a lot of just here in this hyphenated bullet of just here in this hyphenated bullet of just here in this hyphenated bullet list. Well, what I can do is because list. Well, what I can do is because list. Well, what I can do is because this is saying do all these things, make this is saying do all these things, make this is saying do all these things, make sure you do that, do all these extras, sure you do that, do all these extras, sure you do that, do all these extras, and I'm having this random trigger and I'm having this random trigger and I'm having this random trigger essentially occur. It's that, you know, essentially occur. It's that, you know, essentially occur. It's that, you know, the agents like, well, hold on a minute. the agents like, well, hold on a minute. the agents like, well, hold on a minute. We have this responsible AI. We're We have this responsible AI. We're We have this responsible AI. We're really not sure what to do. So, the way really not sure what to do. So, the way really not sure what to do. So, the way to get around it, especially because to get around it, especially because to get around it, especially because we're just in the building phase here, we're just in the building phase here, we're just in the building phase here, is let's go ahead and select edit and is let's go ahead and select edit and is let's go ahead and select edit and remove all of that out of there. All remove all of that out of there. All remove all of that out of there. All right. So, I'm going to cut all that right. So, I'm going to cut all that right. So, I'm going to cut all that out. And we're going to make sure we out. And we're going to make sure we out. And we're going to make sure we just go ahead and save it and remove just go ahead and save it and remove just go ahead and save it and remove every piece. Okay. So, now that's going every piece. Okay. So, now that's going every piece. Okay. So, now that's going to be gone there. We go ahead and we got to be gone there. We go ahead and we got to be gone there. We go ahead and we got rid of our instructions. We'll put some rid of our instructions. We'll put some rid of our instructions. We'll put some back in here. Don't you worry, we're back in here. Don't you worry, we're back in here. Don't you worry, we're definitely going to put some back in a definitely going to put some back in a definitely going to put some back in a little bit here. And what we can then do little bit here. And what we can then do little bit here. And what we can then do is just go back over, refresh our agent is just go back over, refresh our agent is just go back over, refresh our agent test here, and do it once more. Let's test here, and do it once more. Let's test here, and do it once more. Let's give it another test and see what give it another test and see what give it another test and see what happens. All right. So, I'm going to go happens. All right. So, I'm going to go happens. All right. So, I'm going to go back over to my little beaker here to back over to my little beaker here to back over to my little beaker here to test my trigger. Select that. There it test my trigger. Select that. There it test my trigger. Select that. There it is. Same trigger. We only have the one. is. Same trigger. We only have the one. is. Same trigger. We only have the one. Go ahead and send it again and let's see Go ahead and send it again and let's see Go ahead and send it again and let's see what happens. There you go. Now it's what happens. There you go. Now it's what happens. There you go. Now it's saying, "Oh, the trigger was detected, saying, "Oh, the trigger was detected, saying, "Oh, the trigger was detected, but we're really not sure what to do but we're really not sure what to do but we're really not sure what to do there." So, it reads received content there." So, it reads received content there." So, it reads received content from this web hook. It still says we're from this web hook. It still says we're from this web hook. It still says we're not really sure what to do with that. not really sure what to do with that. not really sure what to do with that. Well, we had to think about this. Well, Well, we had to think about this. Well, Well, we had to think about this. Well, we didn't really say when it's we didn't really say when it's we didn't really say when it's triggered, do these next things. look triggered, do these next things. look triggered, do these next things. look for this trigger in the instructions and for this trigger in the instructions and for this trigger in the instructions and then go ahead and follow up with the then go ahead and follow up with the then go ahead and follow up with the next steps. Which means we really need next steps. Which means we really need next steps. Which means we really need to go ahead and actually say what are we to go ahead and actually say what are we to go ahead and actually say what are we trying to do? What what do we want our trying to do? What what do we want our trying to do? What what do we want our agent to complete so that this can agent to complete so that this can agent to complete so that this can actually work. So let's go ahead and add actually work. So let's go ahead and add actually work. So let's go ahead and add in our next stage. This works. We don't in our next stage. This works. We don't in our next stage. This works. We don't have any error messages, right? It's have any error messages, right? It's have any error messages, right? It's just saying it's just not sure what to just saying it's just not sure what to just saying it's just not sure what to do next. That's what we're getting here. do next. That's what we're getting here. do next. That's what we're getting here. So let's add in the next piece here. And So let's add in the next piece here. And So let's add in the next piece here. And that's going to say, "All right, when that's going to say, "All right, when that's going to say, "All right, when it's triggered, do all of these it's triggered, do all of these it's triggered, do all of these different things. Go ahead and search different things. Go ahead and search different things. Go ahead and search through here, find this, send this info, through here, find this, send this info, through here, find this, send this info, all that good stuff." Let's take a look all that good stuff." Let's take a look all that good stuff." Let's take a look at the next part of our building blocks. at the next part of our building blocks. at the next part of our building blocks. We have our trigger. We can pass in We have our trigger. We can pass in We have our trigger. We can pass in knowledge. You can see there is looking knowledge. You can see there is looking knowledge. You can see there is looking for knowledge. We'll skip that here for for knowledge. We'll skip that here for for knowledge. We'll skip that here for today. What we want to focus on now are today. What we want to focus on now are today. What we want to focus on now are tools. The tools here within our agent tools. The tools here within our agent tools. The tools here within our agent are the Power Platform connectors that are the Power Platform connectors that are the Power Platform connectors that we want to utilize. What do we want this we want to utilize. What do we want this we want to utilize. What do we want this agent to be able to do? Right? So, we're agent to be able to do? Right? So, we're agent to be able to do? Right? So, we're going to connect to our line of business going to connect to our line of business going to connect to our line of business systems, automate our business process systems, automate our business process systems, automate our business process and task by using our pre-built and task by using our pre-built and task by using our pre-built connectors from the Power Platform, our connectors from the Power Platform, our connectors from the Power Platform, our custom connectors that we can include custom connectors that we can include custom connectors that we can include into the Power Platform, building it into the Power Platform, building it into the Power Platform, building it there, bringing it from a Postman there, bringing it from a Postman there, bringing it from a Postman collection or others. We can use our collection or others. We can use our collection or others. We can use our flows with Power Automate call to a flows with Power Automate call to a flows with Power Automate call to a flow. We can build in prompts and flow. We can build in prompts and flow. We can build in prompts and co-pilot prompts and even skills using co-pilot prompts and even skills using co-pilot prompts and even skills using our Azurebot framework as well to say our Azurebot framework as well to say our Azurebot framework as well to say okay do these things automatically okay do these things automatically okay do these things automatically determine based upon what's happening determine based upon what's happening determine based upon what's happening from the trigger and the instructions we from the trigger and the instructions we from the trigger and the instructions we provide automatically determine what to provide automatically determine what to provide automatically determine what to do and here's your set of skills that do and here's your set of skills that do and here's your set of skills that you can complete. Here's the tools at you can complete. Here's the tools at you can complete. Here's the tools at your disposal to go ahead and accomplish your disposal to go ahead and accomplish your disposal to go ahead and accomplish the final task automatically for me each the final task automatically for me each the final task automatically for me each time. So now when we work with these time. So now when we work with these time. So now when we work with these tools, that's really what's going to be tools, that's really what's going to be tools, that's really what's going to be the big part about the autonomous agent. the big part about the autonomous agent. the big part about the autonomous agent. That's what's going to allow it to go That's what's going to allow it to go That's what's going to allow it to go ahead and complete things for us. We ahead and complete things for us. We ahead and complete things for us. We need to have the com the combination of need to have the com the combination of need to have the com the combination of our trigger and the tools together and our trigger and the tools together and our trigger and the tools together and then the instructions on top of it to then the instructions on top of it to then the instructions on top of it to say, okay, you have your trigger, you say, okay, you have your trigger, you say, okay, you have your trigger, you have your tools, this is how to use have your tools, this is how to use have your tools, this is how to use them. All right, so that's exactly what them. All right, so that's exactly what them. All right, so that's exactly what we're going to go ahead and add in here. we're going to go ahead and add in here. we're going to go ahead and add in here. Next is exactly, okay, what are we going Next is exactly, okay, what are we going Next is exactly, okay, what are we going to build? what are we going to do and to build? what are we going to do and to build? what are we going to do and then add in the next pieces. So, we have then add in the next pieces. So, we have then add in the next pieces. So, we have a few tools to add in. So, I'm going to a few tools to add in. So, I'm going to a few tools to add in. So, I'm going to come on over here to the tools section come on over here to the tools section come on over here to the tools section here in Copilot Studio. We're going to here in Copilot Studio. We're going to here in Copilot Studio. We're going to create our very first tool. So, go ahead create our very first tool. So, go ahead create our very first tool. So, go ahead and select add a tool. And when you do and select add a tool. And when you do and select add a tool. And when you do that, you can see we have our popup here that, you can see we have our popup here that, you can see we have our popup here and we can go ahead and choose uh which and we can go ahead and choose uh which and we can go ahead and choose uh which tool we want to employ. You can see we tool we want to employ. You can see we tool we want to employ. You can see we have our featured tools. We could go to have our featured tools. We could go to have our featured tools. We could go to see all. We have different connectors see all. We have different connectors see all. We have different connectors and workflows and different protocol and workflows and different protocol and workflows and different protocol options. You can see that suggestions. options. You can see that suggestions. options. You can see that suggestions. You can even search for it, right? You can even search for it, right? You can even search for it, right? Depends on what you want to accomplish. Depends on what you want to accomplish. Depends on what you want to accomplish. I find that it's really easiest by going I find that it's really easiest by going I find that it's really easiest by going to the all section here or by searching to the all section here or by searching to the all section here or by searching to go ahead and find one you want, to go ahead and find one you want, to go ahead and find one you want, right? You can kind of scroll down and right? You can kind of scroll down and right? You can kind of scroll down and see, oh my goodness, there's so many see, oh my goodness, there's so many see, oh my goodness, there's so many different options to choose from. Now, I different options to choose from. Now, I different options to choose from. Now, I do as I say that I know exactly what I do as I say that I know exactly what I do as I say that I know exactly what I want to do here is say, all right, if want to do here is say, all right, if want to do here is say, all right, if you think about the process for us here you think about the process for us here you think about the process for us here within our autonomous agent when it within our autonomous agent when it within our autonomous agent when it begins with our trigger, right? Think begins with our trigger, right? Think begins with our trigger, right? Think about the whole idea of the task base about the whole idea of the task base about the whole idea of the task base that everybody can do it by hand. when that everybody can do it by hand. when that everybody can do it by hand. when it begins with the trigger, it reads it begins with the trigger, it reads it begins with the trigger, it reads from our uh our form, right? It's going from our uh our form, right? It's going from our uh our form, right? It's going to read from the form itself. And then to read from the form itself. And then to read from the form itself. And then what it's going to do is it's going to what it's going to do is it's going to what it's going to do is it's going to have to determine, okay, what to do have to determine, okay, what to do have to determine, okay, what to do next. So, if we're reading from the next. So, if we're reading from the next. So, if we're reading from the form, we need to be able to get the the form, we need to be able to get the the form, we need to be able to get the the responses, go kind of go get what's kind responses, go kind of go get what's kind responses, go kind of go get what's kind of been given to us. Then what we want of been given to us. Then what we want of been given to us. Then what we want to be able to do is using those to be able to do is using those to be able to do is using those responses, go ahead and compare the zip responses, go ahead and compare the zip responses, go ahead and compare the zip code against our list of our employees code against our list of our employees code against our list of our employees and their range or their area where they and their range or their area where they and their range or their area where they cover based on the zip code. Once we do cover based on the zip code. Once we do cover based on the zip code. Once we do that, then we can do the next pieces. So that, then we can do the next pieces. So that, then we can do the next pieces. So again, once this trigger starts, we need again, once this trigger starts, we need again, once this trigger starts, we need to be able to get the details from this, to be able to get the details from this, to be able to get the details from this, all the different answers, compare it all the different answers, compare it all the different answers, compare it against what's in our table in that against what's in our table in that against what's in our table in that Excel file, and then let's figure out Excel file, and then let's figure out Excel file, and then let's figure out what should we do after that with it. what should we do after that with it. what should we do after that with it. All right. So the next thing we need to All right. So the next thing we need to All right. So the next thing we need to do here if we're going into our tools is do here if we're going into our tools is do here if we're going into our tools is well we need to go back to forms knowing well we need to go back to forms knowing well we need to go back to forms knowing what I know about power automate power what I know about power automate power what I know about power automate power platform connectors is working with platform connectors is working with platform connectors is working with Microsoft forms the trigger when a form Microsoft forms the trigger when a form Microsoft forms the trigger when a form response is submitted just gives us the response is submitted just gives us the response is submitted just gives us the ID of that response. It doesn't actually ID of that response. It doesn't actually ID of that response. It doesn't actually give us access to the data. So, let me give us access to the data. So, let me give us access to the data. So, let me go ahead and search for forms here real go ahead and search for forms here real go ahead and search for forms here real quick. quick. quick. And let's make sure that we can go ahead And let's make sure that we can go ahead And let's make sure that we can go ahead and utilize a tool to get the response and utilize a tool to get the response and utilize a tool to get the response details. Let's see here. Maybe I'll just go to Let's see here. Maybe I'll just go to Let's see here. Maybe I'll just go to connector there and see. We can go to connector there and see. We can go to connector there and see. We can go to forms. We want to go to Microsoft forms. forms. We want to go to Microsoft forms. forms. We want to go to Microsoft forms. So, we can go ahead and find that here. So, we can go ahead and find that here. So, we can go ahead and find that here. We might have to just search for We might have to just search for We might have to just search for Microsoft forms. It is called get Microsoft forms. It is called get Microsoft forms. It is called get response details. You know what? I might response details. You know what? I might response details. You know what? I might just say that in the beginning to make just say that in the beginning to make just say that in the beginning to make it a little bit easier to find the exact it a little bit easier to find the exact it a little bit easier to find the exact one I want. All right, there it is. Get response All right, there it is. Get response All right, there it is. Get response details Microsoft Forms. All right, so details Microsoft Forms. All right, so details Microsoft Forms. All right, so we're going to use that one here first. we're going to use that one here first. we're going to use that one here first. Think about kind of the order of Think about kind of the order of Think about kind of the order of operations we're going to go with. So I operations we're going to go with. So I operations we're going to go with. So I go ahead and click on it. Then I'm going go ahead and click on it. Then I'm going go ahead and click on it. Then I'm going to go choose add and configure. Yes, we to go choose add and configure. Yes, we to go choose add and configure. Yes, we could just say add it to the agent. let could just say add it to the agent. let could just say add it to the agent. let it go do its thing. But we definitely it go do its thing. But we definitely it go do its thing. But we definitely want to configure because we need to want to configure because we need to want to configure because we need to say, well, which form are we going to say, well, which form are we going to say, well, which form are we going to get the details from? Which response are get the details from? Which response are get the details from? Which response are we going to get the details for? So, we we going to get the details for? So, we we going to get the details for? So, we need to go ahead and configure this as need to go ahead and configure this as need to go ahead and configure this as well. So, we're going to do that for all well. So, we're going to do that for all well. So, we're going to do that for all of our different tools. Make sure you're of our different tools. Make sure you're of our different tools. Make sure you're not just adding to the agent. We not just adding to the agent. We not just adding to the agent. We definitely need to configure and definitely need to configure and definitely need to configure and customize how that's going to work. customize how that's going to work. customize how that's going to work. All right. So, the tool is added in All right. So, the tool is added in All right. So, the tool is added in here. We can see there it is. We have a here. We can see there it is. We have a here. We can see there it is. We have a brief description of what exactly this brief description of what exactly this brief description of what exactly this tool is going to do. Then what we need tool is going to do. Then what we need tool is going to do. Then what we need to do is come here to our additional to do is come here to our additional to do is come here to our additional details. This is a key step that if you details. This is a key step that if you details. This is a key step that if you don't do it, it's going to drive you a don't do it, it's going to drive you a don't do it, it's going to drive you a little crazy. You're going to miss this little crazy. You're going to miss this little crazy. You're going to miss this piece. You're going to be a little piece. You're going to be a little piece. You're going to be a little frustrated because right here, if I open frustrated because right here, if I open frustrated because right here, if I open our additional details, the place that our additional details, the place that our additional details, the place that we want to go is right here with our we want to go is right here with our we want to go is right here with our authentication. authentication. authentication. This authentication is saying whether This authentication is saying whether This authentication is saying whether this action uses your credentials or by this action uses your credentials or by this action uses your credentials or by the end user. Right now, it's going to the end user. Right now, it's going to the end user. Right now, it's going to use the endusers credentials, which use the endusers credentials, which use the endusers credentials, which means it's going to ask them to sign in means it's going to ask them to sign in means it's going to ask them to sign in in order to go and access the form. in order to go and access the form. in order to go and access the form. Well, it's my form. And if I open up to Well, it's my form. And if I open up to Well, it's my form. And if I open up to this this up to the public and allow it this this up to the public and allow it this this up to the public and allow it to be like anonymous users, they're not to be like anonymous users, they're not to be like anonymous users, they're not going to sign into my Microsoft account going to sign into my Microsoft account going to sign into my Microsoft account to do so. So, I'm going to come here to to do so. So, I'm going to come here to to do so. So, I'm going to come here to authentication and say no, pass through authentication and say no, pass through authentication and say no, pass through the owner's credentials. Okay, that's the owner's credentials. Okay, that's the owner's credentials. Okay, that's one big key factor here that again, one big key factor here that again, one big key factor here that again, you're going to drive yourself crazy you're going to drive yourself crazy you're going to drive yourself crazy left and right if you don't do that left and right if you don't do that left and right if you don't do that piece if you want to open this up to piece if you want to open this up to piece if you want to open this up to outside users. Then we're going to come outside users. Then we're going to come outside users. Then we're going to come down here to our inputs. And on the down here to our inputs. And on the down here to our inputs. And on the inputs, this is where we need to say, inputs, this is where we need to say, inputs, this is where we need to say, okay, which form and which response ID. okay, which form and which response ID. okay, which form and which response ID. Right now, it's going to dynamically Right now, it's going to dynamically Right now, it's going to dynamically fill it with AI, which we could utilize, fill it with AI, which we could utilize, fill it with AI, which we could utilize, but I only want to focus on one of my but I only want to focus on one of my but I only want to focus on one of my forms, which means I'm going to select forms, which means I'm going to select forms, which means I'm going to select the dropown and choose custom value. By the dropown and choose custom value. By the dropown and choose custom value. By doing this, I can say which form I want doing this, I can say which form I want doing this, I can say which form I want to use to use to use and go ahead and click there. And there and go ahead and click there. And there and go ahead and click there. And there is our form ID. The response ID, we is our form ID. The response ID, we is our form ID. The response ID, we could do the same way, but really we could do the same way, but really we could do the same way, but really we wanted to determine which one, right? wanted to determine which one, right? wanted to determine which one, right? Whichever one comes in and then kind of Whichever one comes in and then kind of Whichever one comes in and then kind of launch from there. So, we're going to launch from there. So, we're going to launch from there. So, we're going to keep response ID dynamically filled. If keep response ID dynamically filled. If keep response ID dynamically filled. If we went here and chose custom value and we went here and chose custom value and we went here and chose custom value and we selected in here, there's really no we selected in here, there's really no we selected in here, there's really no way to pass in any dynamic content. For way to pass in any dynamic content. For way to pass in any dynamic content. For those of us that know Power Automate, those of us that know Power Automate, those of us that know Power Automate, there's no way to pass that in here and there's no way to pass that in here and there's no way to pass that in here and say, "Well, the one that just say, "Well, the one that just say, "Well, the one that just triggered." We want that to triggered." We want that to triggered." We want that to automatically be determined by AI, automatically be determined by AI, automatically be determined by AI, right? Let it figure out which one just right? Let it figure out which one just right? Let it figure out which one just goes through. It triggers, capture that goes through. It triggers, capture that goes through. It triggers, capture that info, go from there. Now, we've already info, go from there. Now, we've already info, go from there. Now, we've already proven, we know it triggers. There it proven, we know it triggers. There it proven, we know it triggers. There it is. Right? Here's our information. is. Right? Here's our information. is. Right? Here's our information. Here's our form ID. Right? Here's our Here's our form ID. Right? Here's our Here's our form ID. Right? Here's our response ID right there. That's our JSON response ID right there. That's our JSON response ID right there. That's our JSON object that we're looking at right object that we're looking at right object that we're looking at right there. There's my response ID from the there. There's my response ID from the there. There's my response ID from the first one. It's labeled number one. So, first one. It's labeled number one. So, first one. It's labeled number one. So, it we know it's there. Let the AI go it we know it's there. Let the AI go it we know it's there. Let the AI go ahead and grab it for us. That's ahead and grab it for us. That's ahead and grab it for us. That's essentially what we're saying. All essentially what we're saying. All essentially what we're saying. All right. So, we're going to keep it like right. So, we're going to keep it like right. So, we're going to keep it like that and go ahead and choose save. Make that and go ahead and choose save. Make that and go ahead and choose save. Make sure it's enabled, of course, there at sure it's enabled, of course, there at sure it's enabled, of course, there at the top. the top. the top. All right. So, there's our first one. All right. So, there's our first one. All right. So, there's our first one. There's our get response details. Now, There's our get response details. Now, There's our get response details. Now, we can go in, update the instructions, we can go in, update the instructions, we can go in, update the instructions, and then kind of do one step at a time. and then kind of do one step at a time. and then kind of do one step at a time. But while we're building here these But while we're building here these But while we're building here these tools, we might as well just think, tools, we might as well just think, tools, we might as well just think, well, what else are we going to use? well, what else are we going to use? well, what else are we going to use? What are the other things that we want What are the other things that we want What are the other things that we want to do when we go ahead and work with to do when we go ahead and work with to do when we go ahead and work with this entire scenario? Well, as I this entire scenario? Well, as I this entire scenario? Well, as I mentioned, the next thing I want to go mentioned, the next thing I want to go mentioned, the next thing I want to go ahead and then compare against my ahead and then compare against my ahead and then compare against my employees and the zip code that they employees and the zip code that they employees and the zip code that they cover. So, that means when I come here cover. So, that means when I come here cover. So, that means when I come here into Copilot Studio, I need a way of into Copilot Studio, I need a way of into Copilot Studio, I need a way of reading that Excel file. So, I'm going reading that Excel file. So, I'm going reading that Excel file. So, I'm going to go over to my tools again, and we're to go over to my tools again, and we're to go over to my tools again, and we're going to add another tool. Okay, we have going to add another tool. Okay, we have going to add another tool. Okay, we have our get response details from our form. our get response details from our form. our get response details from our form. I'm going to go ahead and choose add a I'm going to go ahead and choose add a I'm going to go ahead and choose add a tool. And then this one's going to be tool. And then this one's going to be tool. And then this one's going to be our Excel online connector. It's one of our Excel online connector. It's one of our Excel online connector. It's one of the first ones right here. You can see the first ones right here. You can see the first ones right here. You can see Excel online, data versse, teams, one Excel online, data versse, teams, one Excel online, data versse, teams, one drive for business, Service Now, drive for business, Service Now, drive for business, Service Now, SharePoint, Planner, and so on and so SharePoint, Planner, and so on and so SharePoint, Planner, and so on and so forth, Outlook, the more like widely forth, Outlook, the more like widely forth, Outlook, the more like widely used popular ones here. So, let's go used popular ones here. So, let's go used popular ones here. So, let's go ahead and use the Excel online one. ahead and use the Excel online one. ahead and use the Excel online one. All right. And here we have our All right. And here we have our All right. And here we have our connector options here. So these are the connector options here. So these are the connector options here. So these are the ones that we have available for us in a ones that we have available for us in a ones that we have available for us in a lot of different locations here. lot of different locations here. lot of different locations here. Obviously copilot studio is no Obviously copilot studio is no Obviously copilot studio is no different. The one we want to choose in different. The one we want to choose in different. The one we want to choose in this case is list rows present in table. this case is list rows present in table. this case is list rows present in table. Return the entire Excel table and then Return the entire Excel table and then Return the entire Excel table and then dynamically figure out based upon our dynamically figure out based upon our dynamically figure out based upon our input there which is our zip code which input there which is our zip code which input there which is our zip code which record we want to return. Right? That's record we want to return. Right? That's record we want to return. Right? That's really we're going to focus on here. So really we're going to focus on here. So really we're going to focus on here. So go ahead, select list present in table go ahead, select list present in table go ahead, select list present in table make your connection. If it's not make your connection. If it's not make your connection. If it's not connected, go ahead and create a new connected, go ahead and create a new connected, go ahead and create a new connection. All right, there's our Excel connection. All right, there's our Excel connection. All right, there's our Excel online connection and then click create. It's going to go ahead and ask us to It's going to go ahead and ask us to It's going to go ahead and ask us to sign in again. sign in again. sign in again. Single sign on should be enabled so we Single sign on should be enabled so we Single sign on should be enabled so we don't have to put in our authentication don't have to put in our authentication don't have to put in our authentication and all that again, but it might change and all that again, but it might change and all that again, but it might change for all of us. So there you go. I'm for all of us. So there you go. I'm for all of us. So there you go. I'm logged in. I'm going to choose added logged in. I'm going to choose added logged in. I'm going to choose added configure again because I want to say configure again because I want to say configure again because I want to say well which Excel file are we going to well which Excel file are we going to well which Excel file are we going to open which table are we going to use to open which table are we going to use to open which table are we going to use to compare right we need to point to those compare right we need to point to those compare right we need to point to those specifically specifically specifically so there it is list rows present in a so there it is list rows present in a so there it is list rows present in a table perfect okay there's our table perfect okay there's our table perfect okay there's our description just give me everything we description just give me everything we description just give me everything we could say do this do that we can kind of could say do this do that we can kind of could say do this do that we can kind of narrow the scope a little bit here once narrow the scope a little bit here once narrow the scope a little bit here once again we need to make sure the again we need to make sure the again we need to make sure the additional details we come in here to additional details we come in here to additional details we come in here to authentication and we say no pass authentication and we say no pass authentication and we say no pass through the own the tool owner through the own the tool owner through the own the tool owner credentials credentials credentials use my credentials to use the Excel file use my credentials to use the Excel file use my credentials to use the Excel file that I'm in control of because I need it that I'm in control of because I need it that I'm in control of because I need it to create automatically. All right. So, to create automatically. All right. So, to create automatically. All right. So, we're going to do that here. Then, we're going to do that here. Then, we're going to do that here. Then, scroll on down and let's do our inputs scroll on down and let's do our inputs scroll on down and let's do our inputs again. The location, library, file, and again. The location, library, file, and again. The location, library, file, and table. All right. So, I'm going to for table. All right. So, I'm going to for table. All right. So, I'm going to for all of these, I'm going to select the all of these, I'm going to select the all of these, I'm going to select the drop down here. Okay. And we're going to drop down here. Okay. And we're going to drop down here. Okay. And we're going to choose custom value. So, then we can say choose custom value. So, then we can say choose custom value. So, then we can say where is this being stored? Mine's in where is this being stored? Mine's in where is this being stored? Mine's in one drive for business. one drive for business. one drive for business. Okay. Which document library is it in? Okay. Which document library is it in? Okay. Which document library is it in? Okay. Custom value there. Okay. Custom value there. Okay. Custom value there. And I'll make sure to point to the right And I'll make sure to point to the right And I'll make sure to point to the right one. It's in one drive. Okay. Which one. It's in one drive. Okay. Which one. It's in one drive. Okay. Which file? Now, this is going to require us file? Now, this is going to require us file? Now, this is going to require us to go down the folder path and select to go down the folder path and select to go down the folder path and select the very specific file here. So, we'll the very specific file here. So, we'll the very specific file here. So, we'll do custom value. Again, we're going to do custom value. Again, we're going to do custom value. Again, we're going to click on our little folder icon here and click on our little folder icon here and click on our little folder icon here and make sure we're going to the right one. make sure we're going to the right one. make sure we're going to the right one. Mine is in here, my autonomous agents Mine is in here, my autonomous agents Mine is in here, my autonomous agents course resources. course resources. course resources. and we are going to use our employee and we are going to use our employee and we are going to use our employee information. Okay, that's what's going information. Okay, that's what's going information. Okay, that's what's going to be the one that we need to use to to be the one that we need to use to to be the one that we need to use to pull and to read from. All right, so pull and to read from. All right, so pull and to read from. All right, so there we are. And then the final one is there we are. And then the final one is there we are. And then the final one is well, which table? Cuz I can have well, which table? Cuz I can have well, which table? Cuz I can have multiple tables in an Excel file, right? multiple tables in an Excel file, right? multiple tables in an Excel file, right? We can have a lot of them there. So I'm We can have a lot of them there. So I'm We can have a lot of them there. So I'm going to make sure we're choosing the going to make sure we're choosing the going to make sure we're choosing the exact one. Custom value. I only have one exact one. Custom value. I only have one exact one. Custom value. I only have one table, so that's easy enough. So we can table, so that's easy enough. So we can table, so that's easy enough. So we can come in here and it should be labeled come in here and it should be labeled come in here and it should be labeled table one. There it is. Table one. Perfect. That's There it is. Table one. Perfect. That's There it is. Table one. Perfect. That's been done. We're good to go there. So been done. We're good to go there. So been done. We're good to go there. So now, if we think about, okay, we have now, if we think about, okay, we have now, if we think about, okay, we have our trigger when the form response comes our trigger when the form response comes our trigger when the form response comes in. Then what we want it to do, right, in. Then what we want it to do, right, in. Then what we want it to do, right, we want it to be able to determine this. we want it to be able to determine this. we want it to be able to determine this. Okay, go get the details and then Okay, go get the details and then Okay, go get the details and then compare against the what's in this Excel compare against the what's in this Excel compare against the what's in this Excel table. We're going to have to tell it table. We're going to have to tell it table. We're going to have to tell it that inside of our instructions to tell that inside of our instructions to tell that inside of our instructions to tell how to use the different tools. You're how to use the different tools. You're how to use the different tools. You're only as good as your instructions, only as good as your instructions, only as good as your instructions, right? Think of it as the difference right? Think of it as the difference right? Think of it as the difference when we get there is utilizing a GPS or when we get there is utilizing a GPS or when we get there is utilizing a GPS or a self-driving car. Well, we want to be a self-driving car. Well, we want to be a self-driving car. Well, we want to be able to have it. We know where to go, able to have it. We know where to go, able to have it. We know where to go, but the self-driving car needs to know but the self-driving car needs to know but the self-driving car needs to know like what's the final spot, right? We like what's the final spot, right? We like what's the final spot, right? We know it'll determine how to get there know it'll determine how to get there know it'll determine how to get there for itself, but what's the final for itself, but what's the final for itself, but what's the final location we want to get to? The location we want to get to? The location we want to get to? The instructions are going to be the big instructions are going to be the big instructions are going to be the big case for us. So, I'm going to go ahead case for us. So, I'm going to go ahead case for us. So, I'm going to go ahead and click save. And then we have just a and click save. And then we have just a and click save. And then we have just a few more to work with here. So, we might few more to work with here. So, we might few more to work with here. So, we might as well just kind of put them all as well just kind of put them all as well just kind of put them all together here all at once. So, we have together here all at once. So, we have together here all at once. So, we have that one. Let's go back to our tools. that one. Let's go back to our tools. that one. Let's go back to our tools. And then, okay, we have our response And then, okay, we have our response And then, okay, we have our response detail. We're going to go ahead and open detail. We're going to go ahead and open detail. We're going to go ahead and open up our table to get the full which which up our table to get the full which which up our table to get the full which which person are we going to go ahead and um person are we going to go ahead and um person are we going to go ahead and um assign this to. Then, what we need to do assign this to. Then, what we need to do assign this to. Then, what we need to do is let's let them know it's been is let's let them know it's been is let's let them know it's been assigned to though. Okay. So, we're assigned to though. Okay. So, we're assigned to though. Okay. So, we're going to do that and really two going to do that and really two going to do that and really two different ways. One way is I want to go different ways. One way is I want to go different ways. One way is I want to go find that employees email and email find that employees email and email find that employees email and email them. Hey, a new assignment has come in them. Hey, a new assignment has come in them. Hey, a new assignment has come in for this request. Okay. Now, obviously, for this request. Okay. Now, obviously, for this request. Okay. Now, obviously, they're all going to the same email they're all going to the same email they're all going to the same email address for me to test this today, but address for me to test this today, but address for me to test this today, but you can see that this is dynamic. We can you can see that this is dynamic. We can you can see that this is dynamic. We can go and pull it that way, right? Matching go and pull it that way, right? Matching go and pull it that way, right? Matching whoever that person is. On top of that, whoever that person is. On top of that, whoever that person is. On top of that, once that email goes out, what I also once that email goes out, what I also once that email goes out, what I also want to be able to do is in this this want to be able to do is in this this want to be able to do is in this this folder that I have here for our course folder that I have here for our course folder that I have here for our course materials or course resources, I have materials or course resources, I have materials or course resources, I have another Excel file. What I also wanted another Excel file. What I also wanted another Excel file. What I also wanted to be able to do is after that to be able to do is after that to be able to do is after that individual has been notified that individual has been notified that individual has been notified that something's been assigned to them something's been assigned to them something's been assigned to them dynamically here, I want to log that in dynamically here, I want to log that in dynamically here, I want to log that in this Excel table. So you can see here we this Excel table. So you can see here we this Excel table. So you can see here we have our customer name, email, zip code, have our customer name, email, zip code, have our customer name, email, zip code, interested service, product description, interested service, product description, interested service, product description, assigned employee name and email, and assigned employee name and email, and assigned employee name and email, and how they heard about us. Essentially, how they heard about us. Essentially, how they heard about us. Essentially, what I want to do is take information what I want to do is take information what I want to do is take information from the form and the employee details from the form and the employee details from the form and the employee details from the Excel file, put them together from the Excel file, put them together from the Excel file, put them together in my log as well. So, we can store this in my log as well. So, we can store this in my log as well. So, we can store this later on. Maybe I want to pull into later on. Maybe I want to pull into later on. Maybe I want to pull into PowerBI. I want to see it maybe a a PowerBI. I want to see it maybe a a PowerBI. I want to see it maybe a a Canvas app with Power Apps. How do I Canvas app with Power Apps. How do I Canvas app with Power Apps. How do I want to use this in the future? This log want to use this in the future? This log want to use this in the future? This log will be certainly helpful for us. So, I will be certainly helpful for us. So, I will be certainly helpful for us. So, I want to have both of those things done want to have both of those things done want to have both of those things done to notify and to to store that log. to notify and to to store that log. to notify and to to store that log. Which means if I come back here to my Which means if I come back here to my Which means if I come back here to my agent, we got to create some more tools. agent, we got to create some more tools. agent, we got to create some more tools. So, let's go ahead and do that. The next So, let's go ahead and do that. The next So, let's go ahead and do that. The next tool I'll do here is we might as well tool I'll do here is we might as well tool I'll do here is we might as well stay in the Excel world. We're just stay in the Excel world. We're just stay in the Excel world. We're just doing it. So, let's go to stay there and doing it. So, let's go to stay there and doing it. So, let's go to stay there and go ahead and add a row into our Excel go ahead and add a row into our Excel go ahead and add a row into our Excel table. So, I'll go back, add a tool, table. So, I'll go back, add a tool, table. So, I'll go back, add a tool, choose Excel online, choose Excel online, choose Excel online, and we're going to go ahead and we want and we're going to go ahead and we want and we're going to go ahead and we want to to to let's go ahead and find it. There it is. let's go ahead and find it. There it is. let's go ahead and find it. There it is. It went right past it. Add a row into a It went right past it. Add a row into a It went right past it. Add a row into a table. table. table. We should be connected already because We should be connected already because We should be connected already because we just used this connector. So let's go we just used this connector. So let's go we just used this connector. So let's go add and configure. All right, we're adding our row. All right, we're adding our row. All right, we're adding our row. Remember authentication set to no by Remember authentication set to no by Remember authentication set to no by now. We're just going to keep doing it. now. We're just going to keep doing it. now. We're just going to keep doing it. So use my authentication. Go ahead and So use my authentication. Go ahead and So use my authentication. Go ahead and so you can log into my Excel file and do so you can log into my Excel file and do so you can log into my Excel file and do all that that I own. So we have to ask all that that I own. So we have to ask all that that I own. So we have to ask the user for any of that information. the user for any of that information. the user for any of that information. Here we go. Let's go ahead and determine Here we go. Let's go ahead and determine Here we go. Let's go ahead and determine these. So location. Well, where is that these. So location. Well, where is that these. So location. Well, where is that file located? Well, it's right next to file located? Well, it's right next to file located? Well, it's right next to the one I just worked with. So, I'm the one I just worked with. So, I'm the one I just worked with. So, I'm going to go to custom value here. Mine going to go to custom value here. Mine going to go to custom value here. Mine is in one drive for business. Which is in one drive for business. Which is in one drive for business. Which document library? Well, I'm going to document library? Well, I'm going to document library? Well, I'm going to choose the specific one that is which is choose the specific one that is which is choose the specific one that is which is the one drive. Which file specifically? the one drive. Which file specifically? the one drive. Which file specifically? Okay, I need to use the path for that. Okay, I need to use the path for that. Okay, I need to use the path for that. So, I'll do custom value here and select So, I'll do custom value here and select So, I'll do custom value here and select the folder option. And I'm going to go the folder option. And I'm going to go the folder option. And I'm going to go point to that myself. point to that myself. point to that myself. Okay, my my log here. Okay, there it is. Okay, my my log here. Okay, there it is. Okay, my my log here. Okay, there it is. the table. Once again, that's going to the table. Once again, that's going to the table. Once again, that's going to be our table that we determine or be our table that we determine or be our table that we determine or dictate which one we want to use here, dictate which one we want to use here, dictate which one we want to use here, which is table one. And then the last which is table one. And then the last which is table one. And then the last one is the row item. Well, for row item, one is the row item. Well, for row item, one is the row item. Well, for row item, we don't know which row to add in. Like we don't know which row to add in. Like we don't know which row to add in. Like we don't know what what row number it we don't know what what row number it we don't know what what row number it is, right? So, we absolutely want that is, right? So, we absolutely want that is, right? So, we absolutely want that to be done dynamically with AI. Let it to be done dynamically with AI. Let it to be done dynamically with AI. Let it determine which row is next. figure out determine which row is next. figure out determine which row is next. figure out on its own where to add in this next on its own where to add in this next on its own where to add in this next value. So, we're going to keep it just value. So, we're going to keep it just value. So, we're going to keep it just like that. All right, let's go ahead and like that. All right, let's go ahead and like that. All right, let's go ahead and save this one. Okay, so now we're essent save this one. Okay, so now we're essent save this one. Okay, so now we're essent we're just setting up what to do. We we're just setting up what to do. We we're just setting up what to do. We haven't passed it. We're not passing in haven't passed it. We're not passing in haven't passed it. We're not passing in information. It should determine that information. It should determine that information. It should determine that all by itself. That's another cool thing all by itself. That's another cool thing all by itself. That's another cool thing here is we're not passing in like within here is we're not passing in like within here is we're not passing in like within Power Automate, we're not seeing all the Power Automate, we're not seeing all the Power Automate, we're not seeing all the input parameters and saying this goes input parameters and saying this goes input parameters and saying this goes here and this goes here. We're going to here and this goes here. We're going to here and this goes here. We're going to just tell it that in our instructions just tell it that in our instructions just tell it that in our instructions and it should do it all by itself. All and it should do it all by itself. All and it should do it all by itself. All right, so we have our tools. Let's go right, so we have our tools. Let's go right, so we have our tools. Let's go back to tools zero. Let's make sure we back to tools zero. Let's make sure we back to tools zero. Let's make sure we have a save. It looked like it did save, have a save. It looked like it did save, have a save. It looked like it did save, but just in case. Sometimes you'll see but just in case. Sometimes you'll see but just in case. Sometimes you'll see that popup. There we go. I'll click that popup. There we go. I'll click that popup. There we go. I'll click tools. We have our three tools. Let's tools. We have our three tools. Let's tools. We have our three tools. Let's add in our email tools, right? Because add in our email tools, right? Because add in our email tools, right? Because we did say we want to let them know. So, we did say we want to let them know. So, we did say we want to let them know. So, if we come here to add a tool and then if we come here to add a tool and then if we come here to add a tool and then we go into our Office 365 Outlook we go into our Office 365 Outlook we go into our Office 365 Outlook connector, connector, connector, you have a lot of options here as you you have a lot of options here as you you have a lot of options here as you can see, right? When we use this this can see, right? When we use this this can see, right? When we use this this connector here for co-pilot studio connector here for co-pilot studio connector here for co-pilot studio within this autonomous agent that we're within this autonomous agent that we're within this autonomous agent that we're trying to create, well, you'll notice is trying to create, well, you'll notice is trying to create, well, you'll notice is we're kind some of them not quite the we're kind some of them not quite the we're kind some of them not quite the same as what we usually would use within same as what we usually would use within same as what we usually would use within say Power Automate. And the difference say Power Automate. And the difference say Power Automate. And the difference is we do have yes this send an email. is we do have yes this send an email. is we do have yes this send an email. However, within Copilot Studio However, within Copilot Studio However, within Copilot Studio specifically here, the one that works specifically here, the one that works specifically here, the one that works best is drafting an email message and best is drafting an email message and best is drafting an email message and then sending the draft. So it it has it then sending the draft. So it it has it then sending the draft. So it it has it it writes it as a draft, stores it in it writes it as a draft, stores it in it writes it as a draft, stores it in your Outlook account, and then goes to your Outlook account, and then goes to your Outlook account, and then goes to send the draft in staging it that way send the draft in staging it that way send the draft in staging it that way actually works really really well rather actually works really really well rather actually works really really well rather than just going straight to sending the than just going straight to sending the than just going straight to sending the email. So we're going to do that. We're email. So we're going to do that. We're email. So we're going to do that. We're going to do draft an email message to going to do draft an email message to going to do draft an email message to start with. All right, let's make our connection All right, let's make our connection All right, let's make our connection here just like we did the Excel. Select here just like we did the Excel. Select here just like we did the Excel. Select a dropdown, create a new connection. a dropdown, create a new connection. a dropdown, create a new connection. Single sign on is going to be here for Single sign on is going to be here for Single sign on is going to be here for us as well because it's all part of us as well because it's all part of us as well because it's all part of Office 365. So we should be able to Office 365. So we should be able to Office 365. So we should be able to click on create. We need to select our click on create. We need to select our click on create. We need to select our email address here. Again, we should not email address here. Again, we should not email address here. Again, we should not need to use the authenticator need to use the authenticator need to use the authenticator application. Sometimes it happens, but application. Sometimes it happens, but application. Sometimes it happens, but we shouldn't need it here. There you go. we shouldn't need it here. There you go. we shouldn't need it here. There you go. I can go ahead and choose add and I can go ahead and choose add and I can go ahead and choose add and configure. All right, let's go about it here. Now, All right, let's go about it here. Now, All right, let's go about it here. Now, this one is a little going to be a this one is a little going to be a this one is a little going to be a little bit different for us when we come little bit different for us when we come little bit different for us when we come in when within our draft and email in when within our draft and email in when within our draft and email message. I actually want to in this case message. I actually want to in this case message. I actually want to in this case put in a little bit more of a put in a little bit more of a put in a little bit more of a descriptive message. So, for our descriptive message. So, for our descriptive message. So, for our description here, I'm going to add in description here, I'm going to add in description here, I'm going to add in this. What I want this task, this tool this. What I want this task, this tool this. What I want this task, this tool to be able to do is create a summary of to be able to do is create a summary of to be able to do is create a summary of information from the Microsoft form information from the Microsoft form information from the Microsoft form response and Excel file to send a response and Excel file to send a response and Excel file to send a notification of a new request. So, I'm notification of a new request. So, I'm notification of a new request. So, I'm explicitly telling it that it needs to explicitly telling it that it needs to explicitly telling it that it needs to it's going to look to combine it's going to look to combine it's going to look to combine information from multiple different information from multiple different information from multiple different sources. Do we need this specifically sources. Do we need this specifically sources. Do we need this specifically here every time? No. here every time? No. here every time? No. However, the more descriptive you can be However, the more descriptive you can be However, the more descriptive you can be within the tools, within your within the tools, within your within the tools, within your instructions, within your trigger, the instructions, within your trigger, the instructions, within your trigger, the better off you're going to be. So, better off you're going to be. So, better off you're going to be. So, sometimes I put them in, sometimes I sometimes I put them in, sometimes I sometimes I put them in, sometimes I don't. As you go in and test and try to don't. As you go in and test and try to don't. As you go in and test and try to kind of do work with it for yourself, kind of do work with it for yourself, kind of do work with it for yourself, sometimes you'll you'll realize, you sometimes you'll you'll realize, you sometimes you'll you'll realize, you know what, I actually need a little bit know what, I actually need a little bit know what, I actually need a little bit more of a descriptor on there so it can more of a descriptor on there so it can more of a descriptor on there so it can know exactly how to work in the way I know exactly how to work in the way I know exactly how to work in the way I need it. So, just dynamically determine need it. So, just dynamically determine need it. So, just dynamically determine that. You can kind of go back and forth that. You can kind of go back and forth that. You can kind of go back and forth and and figure that out for yourself in and and figure that out for yourself in and and figure that out for yourself in here. and prompt writing is going to be here. and prompt writing is going to be here. and prompt writing is going to be a big key factor for us here. All right, a big key factor for us here. All right, a big key factor for us here. All right, so there's our description. We're going so there's our description. We're going so there's our description. We're going to come into our additional details. Of to come into our additional details. Of to come into our additional details. Of course, we're going to say no again course, we're going to say no again course, we're going to say no again every time. So, we're going to use my every time. So, we're going to use my every time. So, we're going to use my credentials rather than whoever is credentials rather than whoever is credentials rather than whoever is submitting the form, right? Something or submitting the form, right? Something or submitting the form, right? Something or another like that. We are then going to another like that. We are then going to another like that. We are then going to come in here and leave the two field come in here and leave the two field come in here and leave the two field dynamic. dynamic. dynamic. I want my agent to automatically I want my agent to automatically I want my agent to automatically determine who to send it to. It's going determine who to send it to. It's going determine who to send it to. It's going to read Excel and figure it out on its to read Excel and figure it out on its to read Excel and figure it out on its own. So, I'm going to leave it like own. So, I'm going to leave it like own. So, I'm going to leave it like that. The subject however maybe I want that. The subject however maybe I want that. The subject however maybe I want to have that like a very standard to have that like a very standard to have that like a very standard subject so then the those individuals subject so then the those individuals subject so then the those individuals know what's coming right so maybe I'll know what's coming right so maybe I'll know what's coming right so maybe I'll put that with a custom value here and put that with a custom value here and put that with a custom value here and stay in this um maybe new stay in this um maybe new stay in this um maybe new landscaping landscaping landscaping request request request assignment. assignment. assignment. So it's going to assign it to an So it's going to assign it to an So it's going to assign it to an individual. It's sending it to the individual. It's sending it to the individual. It's sending it to the individual it's going to assign it to. individual it's going to assign it to. individual it's going to assign it to. So I'm going to do something like that. So I'm going to do something like that. So I'm going to do something like that. All right. Then the body, let it go All right. Then the body, let it go All right. Then the body, let it go dynamically. I want the AI to figure out dynamically. I want the AI to figure out dynamically. I want the AI to figure out what to send. Now, I'm going to give it what to send. Now, I'm going to give it what to send. Now, I'm going to give it some guardrails again in our general some guardrails again in our general some guardrails again in our general instructions for our agent, but I want instructions for our agent, but I want instructions for our agent, but I want all of that to just come from itself. all of that to just come from itself. all of that to just come from itself. Let the autonomous agent make that Let the autonomous agent make that Let the autonomous agent make that determination. Again, we could say when determination. Again, we could say when determination. Again, we could say when this is complete, what should we do? this is complete, what should we do? this is complete, what should we do? Send a specific response or write the Send a specific response or write the Send a specific response or write the response to a generative AI. This response to a generative AI. This response to a generative AI. This response here is going to show up in the response here is going to show up in the response here is going to show up in the chat. chat. chat. I don't really necessarily need to do I don't really necessarily need to do I don't really necessarily need to do that in this case unless mostly it's for that in this case unless mostly it's for that in this case unless mostly it's for my testing purposes because in reality my testing purposes because in reality my testing purposes because in reality when this is running by itself we're not when this is running by itself we're not when this is running by itself we're not looking at the chat it's just going looking at the chat it's just going looking at the chat it's just going right we're not focused on the chat at right we're not focused on the chat at right we're not focused on the chat at all here within our agent so we don't all here within our agent so we don't all here within our agent so we don't necessarily need to send a response necessarily need to send a response necessarily need to send a response however it is something I use quite a however it is something I use quite a however it is something I use quite a bit when I am going through just general bit when I am going through just general bit when I am going through just general testing and building from scratch and testing and building from scratch and testing and building from scratch and I'm just not sure what's happening or I'm just not sure what's happening or I'm just not sure what's happening or what needs to be changed I'll go ahead what needs to be changed I'll go ahead what needs to be changed I'll go ahead and say yeah just throw it in the chat I and say yeah just throw it in the chat I and say yeah just throw it in the chat I need to see something you know give me need to see something you know give me need to see something you know give me what you're finding So I can compare and what you're finding So I can compare and what you're finding So I can compare and make sure all the the things are are make sure all the the things are are make sure all the the things are are working as well as I want. Maybe filters working as well as I want. Maybe filters working as well as I want. Maybe filters or others. All right. So there we are. or others. All right. So there we are. or others. All right. So there we are. We have our inputs. By the way, we could We have our inputs. By the way, we could We have our inputs. By the way, we could always add in more inputs for all of always add in more inputs for all of always add in more inputs for all of these different connectors. We have these different connectors. We have these different connectors. We have other inputs we can put in here as well. other inputs we can put in here as well. other inputs we can put in here as well. So if we wanted to say there's a So if we wanted to say there's a So if we wanted to say there's a specific importance or sensitivity specific importance or sensitivity specific importance or sensitivity label, we wanted to put in attachments label, we wanted to put in attachments label, we wanted to put in attachments or comments or something else. We can or comments or something else. We can or comments or something else. We can always add in more inputs and say to always add in more inputs and say to always add in more inputs and say to customize those values to set those as customize those values to set those as customize those values to set those as custom or have it dynamically determine custom or have it dynamically determine custom or have it dynamically determine right here. They're all going to right here. They're all going to right here. They're all going to dynamically determine for us or just do dynamically determine for us or just do dynamically determine for us or just do nothing. Right? I don't want any nothing. Right? I don't want any nothing. Right? I don't want any attachments. So I'm just going to leave attachments. So I'm just going to leave attachments. So I'm just going to leave attachments by itself. Right? So that's attachments by itself. Right? So that's attachments by itself. Right? So that's some of the things that you could always some of the things that you could always some of the things that you could always do as well. All right. So there we have do as well. All right. So there we have do as well. All right. So there we have draft an email message which means that draft an email message which means that draft an email message which means that we're going to when we have this done we're going to when we have this done we're going to when we have this done it's going to go via my Outlook. It's it's going to go via my Outlook. It's it's going to go via my Outlook. It's going to go to my drafts and then place going to go to my drafts and then place going to go to my drafts and then place an email message in my drafts. Well, an email message in my drafts. Well, an email message in my drafts. Well, no one's going to get that if it's stuck no one's going to get that if it's stuck no one's going to get that if it's stuck in my draft. So, the next tool that we in my draft. So, the next tool that we in my draft. So, the next tool that we need to employ here, if I go to my need to employ here, if I go to my need to employ here, if I go to my tools, is to send that draft message. tools, is to send that draft message. tools, is to send that draft message. Send it out so users can can work with Send it out so users can can work with Send it out so users can can work with it. All right. So, we're going to come it. All right. So, we're going to come it. All right. So, we're going to come in here and add a tool. in here and add a tool. in here and add a tool. We're going to also use Office 365 We're going to also use Office 365 We're going to also use Office 365 Outlook. Outlook. Outlook. Okay. So, I'll select Office 365 Outlook Okay. So, I'll select Office 365 Outlook Okay. So, I'll select Office 365 Outlook there. And what we want to do is send there. And what we want to do is send there. And what we want to do is send our draft message. So, let's go find it our draft message. So, let's go find it our draft message. So, let's go find it here. There it is on the lefth hand side here. There it is on the lefth hand side here. There it is on the lefth hand side for me. There we have the draft created. for me. There we have the draft created. for me. There we have the draft created. Let's send the draft. Let's send the draft. Let's send the draft. Okay, we have our Outlook connector Okay, we have our Outlook connector Okay, we have our Outlook connector already configured. So, we're there already configured. So, we're there already configured. So, we're there already. We can add and configure the already. We can add and configure the already. We can add and configure the tool itself. And in this case, there's really not a And in this case, there's really not a And in this case, there's really not a whole lot for us to do. The only thing whole lot for us to do. The only thing whole lot for us to do. The only thing that I'm going to change here is, of that I'm going to change here is, of that I'm going to change here is, of course, my additional details. And I'm course, my additional details. And I'm course, my additional details. And I'm going to set that authentication to no. going to set that authentication to no. going to set that authentication to no. That's it. That's all I need here That's it. That's all I need here That's it. That's all I need here because really the input just says, hey, because really the input just says, hey, because really the input just says, hey, if it's there, what we just created, if it's there, what we just created, if it's there, what we just created, just send that one. Use AI to determine just send that one. Use AI to determine just send that one. Use AI to determine which one was just created so that we which one was just created so that we which one was just created so that we can send it. Right? Don't just grab a can send it. Right? Don't just grab a can send it. Right? Don't just grab a random one. Make sure we're grabbing the random one. Make sure we're grabbing the random one. Make sure we're grabbing the one that was just created there with the one that was just created there with the one that was just created there with the one tool that we just employed. So, one tool that we just employed. So, one tool that we just employed. So, let's go ahead and save this. let's go ahead and save this. let's go ahead and save this. All right. And now what we can do is All right. And now what we can do is All right. And now what we can do is let's go back to our overview because let's go back to our overview because let's go back to our overview because we're ready to go and try to test this we're ready to go and try to test this we're ready to go and try to test this out and see how this works. You can see out and see how this works. You can see out and see how this works. You can see all of our different tools here that we all of our different tools here that we all of our different tools here that we have, but we want to see how this works. have, but we want to see how this works. have, but we want to see how this works. If I were just to go ahead and test our If I were just to go ahead and test our If I were just to go ahead and test our trigger again, it's going to do a pretty trigger again, it's going to do a pretty trigger again, it's going to do a pretty good job of like getting kind of close, good job of like getting kind of close, good job of like getting kind of close, but it's not going to be quite what we but it's not going to be quite what we but it's not going to be quite what we want. It's really really important for want. It's really really important for want. It's really really important for us that once we add in our triggers and us that once we add in our triggers and us that once we add in our triggers and our tools that we work within our our tools that we work within our our tools that we work within our instructions and we really explicitly instructions and we really explicitly instructions and we really explicitly tell our agent how it's supposed to get tell our agent how it's supposed to get tell our agent how it's supposed to get to the final result. How is it supposed to the final result. How is it supposed to the final result. How is it supposed to figure out what to do from there? So to figure out what to do from there? So to figure out what to do from there? So now when we work with these now when we work with these now when we work with these instructions, right, we want to be instructions, right, we want to be instructions, right, we want to be really, really specific in a lot of really, really specific in a lot of really, really specific in a lot of places. So it knows again, we want to places. So it knows again, we want to places. So it knows again, we want to make sure we're giving it the end make sure we're giving it the end make sure we're giving it the end result. That's the big part about this result. That's the big part about this result. That's the big part about this when we work with again our, you know, when we work with again our, you know, when we work with again our, you know, our triggers and our tools without our triggers and our tools without our triggers and our tools without knowing the final result, what we need knowing the final result, what we need knowing the final result, what we need to do in the end. You're essentially to do in the end. You're essentially to do in the end. You're essentially having your little agent here just walk having your little agent here just walk having your little agent here just walk around a room in the dark, not knowing around a room in the dark, not knowing around a room in the dark, not knowing what to do, just trying to figure it out what to do, just trying to figure it out what to do, just trying to figure it out of like, oh, do this and send it to of like, oh, do this and send it to of like, oh, do this and send it to nobody. So, we need to give it these nobody. So, we need to give it these nobody. So, we need to give it these instructions that are clear, concise, so instructions that are clear, concise, so instructions that are clear, concise, so the agent knows what to do. We saw the agent knows what to do. We saw the agent knows what to do. We saw earlier that the instructions that we earlier that the instructions that we earlier that the instructions that we had were just too specific to something had were just too specific to something had were just too specific to something that the agent wasn't intending on that the agent wasn't intending on that the agent wasn't intending on doing. That's why we got our error doing. That's why we got our error doing. That's why we got our error message that we had earlier. If we have message that we had earlier. If we have message that we had earlier. If we have all those instructions, but it's not all those instructions, but it's not all those instructions, but it's not matching what the agent's supposed to matching what the agent's supposed to matching what the agent's supposed to do. you have to make sure the do. you have to make sure the do. you have to make sure the instructions are really really matching instructions are really really matching instructions are really really matching so everything runs really well. So here so everything runs really well. So here so everything runs really well. So here we are within the different types of we are within the different types of we are within the different types of instruct the instructional things that instruct the instructional things that instruct the instructional things that we can add in. So role in purpose. We we can add in. So role in purpose. We we can add in. So role in purpose. We think about role in purpose. We want to think about role in purpose. We want to think about role in purpose. We want to say okay what is the primary function? say okay what is the primary function? say okay what is the primary function? What are we supposed to do? Explain how What are we supposed to do? Explain how What are we supposed to do? Explain how the agent is supposed to work. What it's the agent is supposed to work. What it's the agent is supposed to work. What it's supposed to say? Um what problems is it supposed to say? Um what problems is it supposed to say? Um what problems is it solving? What tasks will it perform? solving? What tasks will it perform? solving? What tasks will it perform? This is really where you could say add This is really where you could say add This is really where you could say add in all of our tools like I wanted to be in all of our tools like I wanted to be in all of our tools like I wanted to be triggered by this. Do these five tools triggered by this. Do these five tools triggered by this. Do these five tools afterwards that we give it the scope. afterwards that we give it the scope. afterwards that we give it the scope. What are the limits? What should it What are the limits? What should it What are the limits? What should it avoid? Where are we looking? where are avoid? Where are we looking? where are avoid? Where are we looking? where are we not looking type of thing. How will we not looking type of thing. How will we not looking type of thing. How will it handle out of scope requests? Should it handle out of scope requests? Should it handle out of scope requests? Should a response to the agent, hey, that's not a response to the agent, hey, that's not a response to the agent, hey, that's not something I can handle right now. Please something I can handle right now. Please something I can handle right now. Please do something else, right? Or rephrase do something else, right? Or rephrase do something else, right? Or rephrase your question. We could do something your question. We could do something your question. We could do something like that. Or maybe it just doesn't run like that. Or maybe it just doesn't run like that. Or maybe it just doesn't run and we just going to pass in a different and we just going to pass in a different and we just going to pass in a different response saying we couldn't we were response saying we couldn't we were response saying we couldn't we were unable to assign this and we have a, you unable to assign this and we have a, you unable to assign this and we have a, you know, final case that we do that way. know, final case that we do that way. know, final case that we do that way. Give it context. What background Give it context. What background Give it context. What background information does it need to use to information does it need to use to information does it need to use to understand the queries effectively, understand the queries effectively, understand the queries effectively, right? So, does it need to read off of right? So, does it need to read off of right? So, does it need to read off of um a web page or is there another um a web page or is there another um a web page or is there another knowledge source that we need to employ knowledge source that we need to employ knowledge source that we need to employ in order for the agent to know exactly in order for the agent to know exactly in order for the agent to know exactly what to do from there? How do you what to do from there? How do you what to do from there? How do you provide the context? What are the ways provide the context? What are the ways provide the context? What are the ways that we want to frame that? And of that we want to frame that? And of that we want to frame that? And of course, the tone. Okay? How should the course, the tone. Okay? How should the course, the tone. Okay? How should the agent respond or sound? Now, some of agent respond or sound? Now, some of agent respond or sound? Now, some of these are more for your general these are more for your general these are more for your general retrieval or taskbased agents, right? retrieval or taskbased agents, right? retrieval or taskbased agents, right? That closer like the chatbot style of That closer like the chatbot style of That closer like the chatbot style of agent, whereas the autonomous agent may agent, whereas the autonomous agent may agent, whereas the autonomous agent may not use all of these. However, sometimes not use all of these. However, sometimes not use all of these. However, sometimes it does, right? If you think your agent it does, right? If you think your agent it does, right? If you think your agent is going to be both autonomous and be is going to be both autonomous and be is going to be both autonomous and be able to be that little chatbot as well, able to be that little chatbot as well, able to be that little chatbot as well, you can have all these passed in there, you can have all these passed in there, you can have all these passed in there, too. So, that's going to be the key too. So, that's going to be the key too. So, that's going to be the key factors. And some best practices for us factors. And some best practices for us factors. And some best practices for us when we create our instructions are when we create our instructions are when we create our instructions are absolutely be specific. You want to make absolutely be specific. You want to make absolutely be specific. You want to make sure that, sure that, sure that, excuse me, your agent knows what to do excuse me, your agent knows what to do excuse me, your agent knows what to do and how to do it. Break the task down and how to do it. Break the task down and how to do it. Break the task down into small steps. In fact, put bullet into small steps. In fact, put bullet into small steps. In fact, put bullet points. Number the steps. So say do points. Number the steps. So say do points. Number the steps. So say do this, do that, do this. So you could be this, do that, do this. So you could be this, do that, do this. So you could be very very explicit in exactly how it very very explicit in exactly how it very very explicit in exactly how it should work. Use very clear syntax. should work. Use very clear syntax. should work. Use very clear syntax. Provide examples. Say when we want to go Provide examples. Say when we want to go Provide examples. Say when we want to go ahead and send an email, go ahead and ahead and send an email, go ahead and ahead and send an email, go ahead and frame this email as such. This is an frame this email as such. This is an frame this email as such. This is an example of the body of the email might example of the body of the email might example of the body of the email might look like. So we can do all that there. look like. So we can do all that there. look like. So we can do all that there. Use do instead of do not. Have that more Use do instead of do not. Have that more Use do instead of do not. Have that more of a positive mind frame as you do it. of a positive mind frame as you do it. of a positive mind frame as you do it. Do this. Go escalate here. Go complete Do this. Go escalate here. Go complete Do this. Go escalate here. Go complete these tasks. Don't say do this but don't these tasks. Don't say do this but don't these tasks. Don't say do this but don't do that. Right? Sometimes that may be do that. Right? Sometimes that may be do that. Right? Sometimes that may be applicable, but we want to make sure applicable, but we want to make sure applicable, but we want to make sure we're really saying these are the things we're really saying these are the things we're really saying these are the things you're supposed to do. Avoid uh you're supposed to do. Avoid uh you're supposed to do. Avoid uh contrasting instructions. Don't confuse contrasting instructions. Don't confuse contrasting instructions. Don't confuse it. Don't say do this, but then also do it. Don't say do this, but then also do it. Don't say do this, but then also do something that's completely different. something that's completely different. something that's completely different. It's not going to be able to read that It's not going to be able to read that It's not going to be able to read that as easily. And of course, add knowledge as easily. And of course, add knowledge as easily. And of course, add knowledge in there. So have it go read off of in there. So have it go read off of in there. So have it go read off of specific knowledge sources as possible. specific knowledge sources as possible. specific knowledge sources as possible. Again, it's going to be as applicable to Again, it's going to be as applicable to Again, it's going to be as applicable to that scenario that you're working with. that scenario that you're working with. that scenario that you're working with. All right. So, let's go ahead and add All right. So, let's go ahead and add All right. So, let's go ahead and add some instructions into our autonomous some instructions into our autonomous some instructions into our autonomous agent so it knows exactly how it's agent so it knows exactly how it's agent so it knows exactly how it's supposed to work. So, for us here today, supposed to work. So, for us here today, supposed to work. So, for us here today, what I've actually done is I've created what I've actually done is I've created what I've actually done is I've created my instructions ahead of time. So, you my instructions ahead of time. So, you my instructions ahead of time. So, you can copy and paste if you want. I'll go can copy and paste if you want. I'll go can copy and paste if you want. I'll go ahead and do those and do so as well and ahead and do those and do so as well and ahead and do those and do so as well and then explain exactly what I've created. then explain exactly what I've created. then explain exactly what I've created. And all that's again in our uh course And all that's again in our uh course And all that's again in our uh course resources folder. The instructions are resources folder. The instructions are resources folder. The instructions are going to be in here in our agent going to be in here in our agent going to be in here in our agent details. So, if you go ahead and select details. So, if you go ahead and select details. So, if you go ahead and select your agent details, you can see here we your agent details, you can see here we your agent details, you can see here we have our agent instructions. All right. have our agent instructions. All right. have our agent instructions. All right. So, I'm going to start off by utilizing So, I'm going to start off by utilizing So, I'm going to start off by utilizing the first five because these are where the first five because these are where the first five because these are where we're going ahead and actually use the we're going ahead and actually use the we're going ahead and actually use the tools as well. So, go ahead and copy tools as well. So, go ahead and copy tools as well. So, go ahead and copy those and pass those into your those and pass those into your those and pass those into your instructions in your agent. So, I'll do instructions in your agent. So, I'll do instructions in your agent. So, I'll do a nice control C on that. Come back here a nice control C on that. Come back here a nice control C on that. Come back here and we're going to go up to our and we're going to go up to our and we're going to go up to our instructions and choose edit. Here's instructions and choose edit. Here's instructions and choose edit. Here's where we can then go ahead and paste in where we can then go ahead and paste in where we can then go ahead and paste in those instructions. And there you are. those instructions. And there you are. those instructions. And there you are. Now, if you like, if you're a big app Now, if you like, if you're a big app Now, if you like, if you're a big app formatting and all those things, go formatting and all those things, go formatting and all those things, go ahead and do that as well here for us. ahead and do that as well here for us. ahead and do that as well here for us. So, I can go ahead and kind of give some So, I can go ahead and kind of give some So, I can go ahead and kind of give some spacing and all that kind of good stuff spacing and all that kind of good stuff spacing and all that kind of good stuff and something like that. And um we could and something like that. And um we could and something like that. And um we could just give us a little bit more spacing just give us a little bit more spacing just give us a little bit more spacing there and some more spacing. And I'll there and some more spacing. And I'll there and some more spacing. And I'll kind of explain what comes next after kind of explain what comes next after kind of explain what comes next after all of these. Uh as we do that, and all of these. Uh as we do that, and all of these. Uh as we do that, and we'll do a little bit of this info. Just we'll do a little bit of this info. Just we'll do a little bit of this info. Just kind of I'm just going hitting enter, go kind of I'm just going hitting enter, go kind of I'm just going hitting enter, go downing some spaces here to make this. downing some spaces here to make this. downing some spaces here to make this. and it'll explain exactly what this is and it'll explain exactly what this is and it'll explain exactly what this is supposed to do. Okay, so it looks like I supposed to do. Okay, so it looks like I supposed to do. Okay, so it looks like I could my formatting came a little bit could my formatting came a little bit could my formatting came a little bit different. So I'm just going to hit different. So I'm just going to hit different. So I'm just going to hit that. So it makes it a nice block of that. So it makes it a nice block of that. So it makes it a nice block of text there like paragraph format for us. text there like paragraph format for us. text there like paragraph format for us. All right. So there we are. We have our All right. So there we are. We have our All right. So there we are. We have our instructions. Now within our instructions. Now within our instructions. Now within our instructions, some things to think instructions, some things to think instructions, some things to think about. You could see here I have very about. You could see here I have very about. You could see here I have very very specific, you know, quotes of very specific, you know, quotes of very specific, you know, quotes of exactly go find this, go do that. I also exactly go find this, go do that. I also exactly go find this, go do that. I also have steps numbered because I wanted to have steps numbered because I wanted to have steps numbered because I wanted to complete this in a very specific type of complete this in a very specific type of complete this in a very specific type of sequence. Now, we could just say go do sequence. Now, we could just say go do sequence. Now, we could just say go do that, go do this. You know, we can go that, go do this. You know, we can go that, go do this. You know, we can go ahead and build that all in here as ahead and build that all in here as ahead and build that all in here as necessary as well. It's really going to necessary as well. It's really going to necessary as well. It's really going to be uh something you have to play with as be uh something you have to play with as be uh something you have to play with as you employ your agent more and more. So, you employ your agent more and more. So, you employ your agent more and more. So, the first thing you can see here is I the first thing you can see here is I the first thing you can see here is I have for my trigger trigger when the have for my trigger trigger when the have for my trigger trigger when the form is submitted. Okay, so that's our form is submitted. Okay, so that's our form is submitted. Okay, so that's our first piece. So, that's going to be the first piece. So, that's going to be the first piece. So, that's going to be the first part. Then get the response first part. Then get the response first part. Then get the response details. Now the action is called get details. Now the action is called get details. Now the action is called get response details. But sometimes what you response details. But sometimes what you response details. But sometimes what you could do is if you just make that bold could do is if you just make that bold could do is if you just make that bold controlB, what you can do is say really controlB, what you can do is say really controlB, what you can do is say really focus on that. Make sure you're doing focus on that. Make sure you're doing focus on that. Make sure you're doing this as the first thing so we can get this as the first thing so we can get this as the first thing so we can get all the information from the form. And all the information from the form. And all the information from the form. And then what I've added in here, anything then what I've added in here, anything then what I've added in here, anything inside of these square brackets here is inside of these square brackets here is inside of these square brackets here is where I say insert dynamic content from where I say insert dynamic content from where I say insert dynamic content from here's your tool. So this first one here's your tool. So this first one here's your tool. So this first one would be the get response details tool. would be the get response details tool. would be the get response details tool. So I'm going to go ahead and remove all So I'm going to go ahead and remove all So I'm going to go ahead and remove all of the that within my square bracket of the that within my square bracket of the that within my square bracket there. And in order to add in the tool there. And in order to add in the tool there. And in order to add in the tool the workflow the essentially the dynamic the workflow the essentially the dynamic the workflow the essentially the dynamic content again coming from our Power content again coming from our Power content again coming from our Power Automate days is we need to add in a Automate days is we need to add in a Automate days is we need to add in a forward slash. The forward slash will forward slash. The forward slash will forward slash. The forward slash will allow us to get all of our suggestions allow us to get all of our suggestions allow us to get all of our suggestions and the different tools, the topics, the and the different tools, the topics, the and the different tools, the topics, the agents that we want to call to from here agents that we want to call to from here agents that we want to call to from here including variables and power effects including variables and power effects including variables and power effects expressions. Well, in this one, I just expressions. Well, in this one, I just expressions. Well, in this one, I just put in I want to use my get response put in I want to use my get response put in I want to use my get response details. That's what I'm just replacing. details. That's what I'm just replacing. details. That's what I'm just replacing. So, I'm going to go ahead and select So, I'm going to go ahead and select So, I'm going to go ahead and select that. And so, now we're going to get the that. And so, now we're going to get the that. And so, now we're going to get the response details using this tool from response details using this tool from response details using this tool from that request. Right? So, we're being that request. Right? So, we're being that request. Right? So, we're being pretty explicit in this case of this is pretty explicit in this case of this is pretty explicit in this case of this is exactly where you need to get the exactly where you need to get the exactly where you need to get the information from. Essentially, we're information from. Essentially, we're information from. Essentially, we're kind of using it like kind of like a kind of using it like kind of like a kind of using it like kind of like a knowledge source in this case. Then, knowledge source in this case. Then, knowledge source in this case. Then, we're going to say, okay, extract the we're going to say, okay, extract the we're going to say, okay, extract the following fields all from that form. following fields all from that form. following fields all from that form. Okay, good enough. Next use here's our Okay, good enough. Next use here's our Okay, good enough. Next use here's our next piece here that I'm going to pass next piece here that I'm going to pass next piece here that I'm going to pass in list rows present in table. So I'll in list rows present in table. So I'll in list rows present in table. So I'll go ahead and do that. So there's our go ahead and do that. So there's our go ahead and do that. So there's our list rows present in table and then I list rows present in table and then I list rows present in table and then I said get all the rows where zip code said get all the rows where zip code said get all the rows where zip code equals the submitted zip code from the equals the submitted zip code from the equals the submitted zip code from the response details. So we're going to response details. So we're going to response details. So we're going to essentially tell it how it should filter essentially tell it how it should filter essentially tell it how it should filter down itself dynamically rather than down itself dynamically rather than down itself dynamically rather than writing say an O data filter query writing say an O data filter query writing say an O data filter query within that and writing it all from within that and writing it all from within that and writing it all from scratch or those of us again Power scratch or those of us again Power scratch or those of us again Power Automate users and Power Apps users know Automate users and Power Apps users know Automate users and Power Apps users know what I'm talking about there to pass in what I'm talking about there to pass in what I'm talking about there to pass in that filter. We're just telling it in that filter. We're just telling it in that filter. We're just telling it in instructions using some plain English instructions using some plain English instructions using some plain English here, some plain text Nashville language here, some plain text Nashville language here, some plain text Nashville language to go ahead and pass that in. So nice to go ahead and pass that in. So nice to go ahead and pass that in. So nice and simple there. Then our third and simple there. Then our third and simple there. Then our third here, insert the dynamic content for the here, insert the dynamic content for the here, insert the dynamic content for the drafted email message. Well, I'm going drafted email message. Well, I'm going drafted email message. Well, I'm going to do that here. So, let's go ahead and to do that here. So, let's go ahead and to do that here. So, let's go ahead and draft email message. Okay. And as I was draft email message. Okay. And as I was draft email message. Okay. And as I was writing this out, what I'm really writing this out, what I'm really writing this out, what I'm really thinking about, okay, does this need to thinking about, okay, does this need to thinking about, okay, does this need to be in the exact order? Well, yeah, these be in the exact order? Well, yeah, these be in the exact order? Well, yeah, these first few for sure, right? The first two first few for sure, right? The first two first few for sure, right? The first two here, get the details and figure out here, get the details and figure out here, get the details and figure out which row we're finding, they need to be which row we're finding, they need to be which row we're finding, they need to be in that order. These others don't in that order. These others don't in that order. These others don't necessarily have to be in the same order necessarily have to be in the same order necessarily have to be in the same order aside from the drafting and sending the aside from the drafting and sending the aside from the drafting and sending the email message, but like adding a row email message, but like adding a row email message, but like adding a row into a table, that could be after we into a table, that could be after we into a table, that could be after we list the rows, right? That's where list the rows, right? That's where list the rows, right? That's where you're going to get a little bit more you're going to get a little bit more you're going to get a little bit more freedom of creativity and how you want freedom of creativity and how you want freedom of creativity and how you want this to work when you're creating your this to work when you're creating your this to work when you're creating your agent yourselves. All right, so I have agent yourselves. All right, so I have agent yourselves. All right, so I have here draft an email message. I'm giving here draft an email message. I'm giving here draft an email message. I'm giving it this sample right here, a nice little it this sample right here, a nice little it this sample right here, a nice little example. Hi, employee name inside a example. Hi, employee name inside a example. Hi, employee name inside a quote. So, it's telling it go look for quote. So, it's telling it go look for quote. So, it's telling it go look for the employee name and put that there in the employee name and put that there in the employee name and put that there in the salutation. We could have there's a the salutation. We could have there's a the salutation. We could have there's a little bit of a sample text there. I'm little bit of a sample text there. I'm little bit of a sample text there. I'm asking for customer name, email address, asking for customer name, email address, asking for customer name, email address, service requested, product description, service requested, product description, service requested, product description, asking for at least that info uh to be asking for at least that info uh to be asking for at least that info uh to be sent in our draft. And then we're going sent in our draft. And then we're going sent in our draft. And then we're going to send the draft message. All right. to send the draft message. All right. to send the draft message. All right. So, I'm going to do that. Replace that So, I'm going to do that. Replace that So, I'm going to do that. Replace that as well. We're going to go send our as well. We're going to go send our as well. We're going to go send our draft message from there. And then the draft message from there. And then the draft message from there. And then the final step here is something that you'll final step here is something that you'll final step here is something that you'll see there's a lot more text in that. see there's a lot more text in that. see there's a lot more text in that. That's because I'm using add a row into That's because I'm using add a row into That's because I'm using add a row into a table. And what I really want to make a table. And what I really want to make a table. And what I really want to make sure is happening here is that the agent sure is happening here is that the agent sure is happening here is that the agent puts the correct values in the correct puts the correct values in the correct puts the correct values in the correct columns and the correct fields in that columns and the correct fields in that columns and the correct fields in that Excel table. Especially because this is Excel table. Especially because this is Excel table. Especially because this is a log. This is something I may plan to a log. This is something I may plan to a log. This is something I may plan to use say in a canvas app that I built or use say in a canvas app that I built or use say in a canvas app that I built or maybe with a PowerBI report later on the maybe with a PowerBI report later on the maybe with a PowerBI report later on the down the road. I want to make sure all down the road. I want to make sure all down the road. I want to make sure all those are getting written to the exact those are getting written to the exact those are getting written to the exact same spot every single time. So that's same spot every single time. So that's same spot every single time. So that's why you'll see that I'm even more why you'll see that I'm even more why you'll see that I'm even more explicit in my instructions on this one explicit in my instructions on this one explicit in my instructions on this one than I would be say in some of the other than I would be say in some of the other than I would be say in some of the other ones that we have. Okay? So keep that in ones that we have. Okay? So keep that in ones that we have. Okay? So keep that in mind. Um you could be more or less mind. Um you could be more or less mind. Um you could be more or less explicit in your instructions depending explicit in your instructions depending explicit in your instructions depending upon what exactly you're trying to upon what exactly you're trying to upon what exactly you're trying to accomplish. So I'll do this last one accomplish. So I'll do this last one accomplish. So I'll do this last one here where we're going to add a row into here where we're going to add a row into here where we're going to add a row into a table. All right. So those are all of a table. All right. So those are all of a table. All right. So those are all of the steps, the instructions I want to the steps, the instructions I want to the steps, the instructions I want to give it. Let me give it a save here. And give it. Let me give it a save here. And give it. Let me give it a save here. And then once I select save, we can go ahead then once I select save, we can go ahead then once I select save, we can go ahead and let's test it out again. Let's see and let's test it out again. Let's see and let's test it out again. Let's see what happens from here um within our what happens from here um within our what happens from here um within our first test, right? That's going to be first test, right? That's going to be first test, right? That's going to be the first test we gave it to see that it the first test we gave it to see that it the first test we gave it to see that it first triggered. And let's see if it first triggered. And let's see if it first triggered. And let's see if it does all of those other actions thus does all of those other actions thus does all of those other actions thus far. Uses the tools and completes the far. Uses the tools and completes the far. Uses the tools and completes the different tasks. So I think it's time to different tasks. So I think it's time to different tasks. So I think it's time to test. Now, we earlier we went in and test. Now, we earlier we went in and test. Now, we earlier we went in and went to triggers down here and then used went to triggers down here and then used went to triggers down here and then used the beaker to test. We could do the same the beaker to test. We could do the same the beaker to test. We could do the same thing up here in our chat. I'm just thing up here in our chat. I'm just thing up here in our chat. I'm just going to refresh the chat. Always going to refresh the chat. Always going to refresh the chat. Always refresh. Select the ellipses right here. refresh. Select the ellipses right here. refresh. Select the ellipses right here. More and we could test the trigger from More and we could test the trigger from More and we could test the trigger from up here as well. All right. So, a couple up here as well. All right. So, a couple up here as well. All right. So, a couple places to do that. So, I'm going to go places to do that. So, I'm going to go places to do that. So, I'm going to go ahead and test the trigger. See my one ahead and test the trigger. See my one ahead and test the trigger. See my one that we did earlier. Go ahead and click that we did earlier. Go ahead and click that we did earlier. Go ahead and click start testing. start testing. start testing. And let's see if it actually does what And let's see if it actually does what And let's see if it actually does what we're asking it to do. So, get the we're asking it to do. So, get the we're asking it to do. So, get the response details. It's listing the rows. response details. It's listing the rows. response details. It's listing the rows. All right. So far so good. Now, it's All right. So far so good. Now, it's All right. So far so good. Now, it's going to go ahead and create our email going to go ahead and create our email going to go ahead and create our email messages. Let's see if it sends it out messages. Let's see if it sends it out messages. Let's see if it sends it out correctly. And we want to make sure Oh, correctly. And we want to make sure Oh, correctly. And we want to make sure Oh, there it's adding a row into a table there it's adding a row into a table there it's adding a row into a table there. Let's see if it's pulling in there. Let's see if it's pulling in there. Let's see if it's pulling in right here. So, I'm going to go in and right here. So, I'm going to go in and right here. So, I'm going to go in and remember we said within our form, we remember we said within our form, we remember we said within our form, we wanted to go in and we're using wanted to go in and we're using wanted to go in and we're using we said 32207, we said 32207, we said 32207, right? Which means it should be setting right? Which means it should be setting right? Which means it should be setting to Allison. There's our key. We want to to Allison. There's our key. We want to to Allison. There's our key. We want to make sure that's the correct one. Okay, make sure that's the correct one. Okay, make sure that's the correct one. Okay, so real quick, I can actually tell that so real quick, I can actually tell that so real quick, I can actually tell that it's doing it correctly because if I it's doing it correctly because if I it's doing it correctly because if I look here into my add a row into a look here into my add a row into a look here into my add a row into a table. Again, these are our Power table. Again, these are our Power table. Again, these are our Power Platform connectors that we're utilizing Platform connectors that we're utilizing Platform connectors that we're utilizing here right now. I could see the row here right now. I could see the row here right now. I could see the row record that we're writing. This is the record that we're writing. This is the record that we're writing. This is the output that we're writing in here. This output that we're writing in here. This output that we're writing in here. This is the object itself and the columns is the object itself and the columns is the object itself and the columns that we're writing to and then the that we're writing to and then the that we're writing to and then the values. So, it's a little bit of a JSON values. So, it's a little bit of a JSON values. So, it's a little bit of a JSON object there. I can see right here object there. I can see right here object there. I can see right here assigned employee is Allison. The assigned employee is Allison. The assigned employee is Allison. The customer zip code is there. All the customer zip code is there. All the customer zip code is there. All the answers answers answers to our questions from the form are to our questions from the form are to our questions from the form are written in. So that means if I go over written in. So that means if I go over written in. So that means if I go over to my farm, oh my goodness, look at to my farm, oh my goodness, look at to my farm, oh my goodness, look at that. Let me just spread this out a that. Let me just spread this out a that. Let me just spread this out a little bit. You can see boom, boom, little bit. You can see boom, boom, little bit. You can see boom, boom, boom. Everything is written exactly as boom. Everything is written exactly as boom. Everything is written exactly as we put it, which is perfect. Which means we put it, which is perfect. Which means we put it, which is perfect. Which means I should have an email too, right? I should have an email too, right? I should have an email too, right? Because if this was the final step, we Because if this was the final step, we Because if this was the final step, we just verified that the data is correct. just verified that the data is correct. just verified that the data is correct. If I go over to Outlook If I go over to Outlook If I go over to Outlook in my inbox, well, looks like sometimes in my inbox, well, looks like sometimes in my inbox, well, looks like sometimes that happens with this demo account that that happens with this demo account that that happens with this demo account that sometimes isn't just run here. But if I sometimes isn't just run here. But if I sometimes isn't just run here. But if I go to my sent one, there it is. You can go to my sent one, there it is. You can go to my sent one, there it is. You can see that it will be sent out. Then see that it will be sent out. Then see that it will be sent out. Then that's the one I I had there. That's that's the one I I had there. That's that's the one I I had there. That's sent from me to me. So that's why he's sent from me to me. So that's why he's sent from me to me. So that's why he's seeing some issues with the inbox. Don't seeing some issues with the inbox. Don't seeing some issues with the inbox. Don't worry about that here for today. But worry about that here for today. But worry about that here for today. But there you are. There's my email, right? there you are. There's my email, right? there you are. There's my email, right? There's my subject. There's sent to There's my subject. There's sent to There's my subject. There's sent to customer name. That's what I put. customer name. That's what I put. customer name. That's what I put. There's the email I put in. That's what There's the email I put in. That's what There's the email I put in. That's what I requested. I need someone to cut my I requested. I need someone to cut my I requested. I need someone to cut my grass every other week. Pretty awesome grass every other week. Pretty awesome grass every other week. Pretty awesome there. So now as it happens, it just there. So now as it happens, it just there. So now as it happens, it just goes all by itself each and every time. goes all by itself each and every time. goes all by itself each and every time. And we can add in other tools. What else And we can add in other tools. What else And we can add in other tools. What else should it do? Other things it should should it do? Other things it should should it do? Other things it should employ all part of this that it can then employ all part of this that it can then employ all part of this that it can then figure out dynamically how to, you know, figure out dynamically how to, you know, figure out dynamically how to, you know, add pieces to to the puzzle here. What add pieces to to the puzzle here. What add pieces to to the puzzle here. What else should it be able to do as our else should it be able to do as our else should it be able to do as our personalized assistant? This is just one personalized assistant? This is just one personalized assistant? This is just one little scenario. But of course, we give little scenario. But of course, we give little scenario. But of course, we give our agent more tools. it can go ahead our agent more tools. it can go ahead our agent more tools. it can go ahead and use those tools as its disposal. We and use those tools as its disposal. We and use those tools as its disposal. We in this case within our instructions in this case within our instructions in this case within our instructions decide, you know what, I want to be a decide, you know what, I want to be a decide, you know what, I want to be a little bit more explicit with my little bit more explicit with my little bit more explicit with my instructions. Do this, then this, then instructions. Do this, then this, then instructions. Do this, then this, then that. But if we just want to say run all that. But if we just want to say run all that. But if we just want to say run all these things, we can just tell it in the these things, we can just tell it in the these things, we can just tell it in the instructions when this occurs, do these instructions when this occurs, do these instructions when this occurs, do these steps. And if we don't put it in a very, steps. And if we don't put it in a very, steps. And if we don't put it in a very, very specific order, we can allow it to very specific order, we can allow it to very specific order, we can allow it to go and determine what the best sequence go and determine what the best sequence go and determine what the best sequence is all for itself. Now, that's a pretty is all for itself. Now, that's a pretty is all for itself. Now, that's a pretty cool feature there. But some of you may cool feature there. But some of you may cool feature there. But some of you may be saying, well, hold on a minute. Is be saying, well, hold on a minute. Is be saying, well, hold on a minute. Is that kind of like Power Automate? Not that kind of like Power Automate? Not that kind of like Power Automate? Not really because remember Power Automate really because remember Power Automate really because remember Power Automate is very very this to that to this to is very very this to that to this to is very very this to that to this to that. We kind of got close, but we can that. We kind of got close, but we can that. We kind of got close, but we can allow it to take over for itself and allow it to take over for itself and allow it to take over for itself and dynamically determine read data on its dynamically determine read data on its dynamically determine read data on its own, do the filtering on its own, which own, do the filtering on its own, which own, do the filtering on its own, which it did, and do all the other things, it did, and do all the other things, it did, and do all the other things, right? That's where the the differences right? That's where the the differences right? That's where the the differences really lie. And this last piece that really lie. And this last piece that really lie. And this last piece that we're going to add in here is the big we're going to add in here is the big we're going to add in here is the big point that we want to add in the ability point that we want to add in the ability point that we want to add in the ability to pass off this agent to another agent to pass off this agent to another agent to pass off this agent to another agent to complete other tasks as it's ne as it to complete other tasks as it's ne as it to complete other tasks as it's ne as it deems necessary. So that's another big deems necessary. So that's another big deems necessary. So that's another big piece for us here to be able to go from piece for us here to be able to go from piece for us here to be able to go from one agent to another. So agentto agent handling is something So agentto agent handling is something So agentto agent handling is something that is so very nice to work with here that is so very nice to work with here that is so very nice to work with here in co-pilot studio where we can connect in co-pilot studio where we can connect in co-pilot studio where we can connect to other agents and hand off to other agents and hand off to other agents and hand off interactions and respond to autonomous interactions and respond to autonomous interactions and respond to autonomous triggers. So we create a couple triggers. So we create a couple triggers. So we create a couple different agents either full agents or different agents either full agents or different agents either full agents or what we call our child agents to then what we call our child agents to then what we call our child agents to then just go run all by themselves. let our just go run all by themselves. let our just go run all by themselves. let our hub here, our agent, our main one, hub here, our agent, our main one, hub here, our agent, our main one, determine which one it needs to call to, determine which one it needs to call to, determine which one it needs to call to, what data to pass, and everything what data to pass, and everything what data to pass, and everything happens all by itself. This is a happens all by itself. This is a happens all by itself. This is a preview. This is absolutely brand new, preview. This is absolutely brand new, preview. This is absolutely brand new, right? So, you can still go ahead and right? So, you can still go ahead and right? So, you can still go ahead and use it. Keep in mind, because it is use it. Keep in mind, because it is use it. Keep in mind, because it is still technically in preview, there may still technically in preview, there may still technically in preview, there may be changes to it coming up in the next be changes to it coming up in the next be changes to it coming up in the next few months, in the next, you know, six, few months, in the next, you know, six, few months, in the next, you know, six, eight, 10 months, whatever it may be. eight, 10 months, whatever it may be. eight, 10 months, whatever it may be. However, right now, it's actually such a However, right now, it's actually such a However, right now, it's actually such a great feature here. So what we could do great feature here. So what we could do great feature here. So what we could do is we can create two different types of is we can create two different types of is we can create two different types of agents to connect to. A child agent agents to connect to. A child agent agents to connect to. A child agent which is essentially like an embedded which is essentially like an embedded which is essentially like an embedded lightweight version of an agent inside lightweight version of an agent inside lightweight version of an agent inside of our main agent here that essentially of our main agent here that essentially of our main agent here that essentially works like a topic where we trigger a works like a topic where we trigger a works like a topic where we trigger a different topic and do all these things different topic and do all these things different topic and do all these things and another agent can handle that that and another agent can handle that that and another agent can handle that that has its own instructions, its own has its own instructions, its own has its own instructions, its own ability to go ahead and utilize tools ability to go ahead and utilize tools ability to go ahead and utilize tools and others as well. So it's kind of a and others as well. So it's kind of a and others as well. So it's kind of a nice lightweight version or we can nice lightweight version or we can nice lightweight version or we can connect to another full independent connect to another full independent connect to another full independent agent as well. So long as it's in the agent as well. So long as it's in the agent as well. So long as it's in the same environment within the power same environment within the power same environment within the power platform. So we could say all right well platform. So we could say all right well platform. So we could say all right well one agent's our landscaping agent one agent's our landscaping agent one agent's our landscaping agent another agent is going to be our another agent is going to be our another agent is going to be our marketing agent. Another agent may be marketing agent. Another agent may be marketing agent. Another agent may be our HR agent and we can connect them our HR agent and we can connect them our HR agent and we can connect them together so they can communicate and do together so they can communicate and do together so they can communicate and do different independent things. But when different independent things. But when different independent things. But when one triggers, it can then say, "Oh, one triggers, it can then say, "Oh, one triggers, it can then say, "Oh, actually, we need to go and get to our actually, we need to go and get to our actually, we need to go and get to our marketing team and make sure we update marketing team and make sure we update marketing team and make sure we update our social media or we need to make sure our social media or we need to make sure our social media or we need to make sure we connect to our HR and make sure, hey, we connect to our HR and make sure, hey, we connect to our HR and make sure, hey, maybe they've done a lot of uh jobs this maybe they've done a lot of uh jobs this maybe they've done a lot of uh jobs this week. We need to pass it off to someone week. We need to pass it off to someone week. We need to pass it off to someone else to cover that task." Or maybe else to cover that task." Or maybe else to cover that task." Or maybe they're on PTO and even though it's the they're on PTO and even though it's the they're on PTO and even though it's the right zip code, they're not going to be right zip code, they're not going to be right zip code, they're not going to be able to complete that. Let's go assign able to complete that. Let's go assign able to complete that. Let's go assign it to another person. There's our pass it to another person. There's our pass it to another person. There's our pass off from one agent to another. We can off from one agent to another. We can off from one agent to another. We can allow it determine that for itself. allow it determine that for itself. allow it determine that for itself. We can have that based on again the main We can have that based on again the main We can have that based on again the main events events from the main agent. We events events from the main agent. We events events from the main agent. We could specify additional conditions like could specify additional conditions like could specify additional conditions like hey only do this if it comes from here hey only do this if it comes from here hey only do this if it comes from here or if the data says something else we or if the data says something else we or if the data says something else we can apply conditional statements in can apply conditional statements in can apply conditional statements in there and again we can have more than there and again we can have more than there and again we can have more than one agent fire off for a single activity one agent fire off for a single activity one agent fire off for a single activity which is really really really nice to be which is really really really nice to be which is really really really nice to be able to see. So let's go ahead and do able to see. So let's go ahead and do able to see. So let's go ahead and do it. We're going to use a child agent in it. We're going to use a child agent in it. We're going to use a child agent in this one and add in one final wrinkle to this one and add in one final wrinkle to this one and add in one final wrinkle to our scenario. And that final wrinkle is our scenario. And that final wrinkle is our scenario. And that final wrinkle is once this is all said and done, once once this is all said and done, once once this is all said and done, once this is complete, I want to be able to this is complete, I want to be able to this is complete, I want to be able to send a message to say an administrator, send a message to say an administrator, send a message to say an administrator, some admin, some uh supervisor, so they some admin, some uh supervisor, so they some admin, some uh supervisor, so they know that things are actually occurring, know that things are actually occurring, know that things are actually occurring, that something went out and they get an that something went out and they get an that something went out and they get an immediate notification, say in Microsoft immediate notification, say in Microsoft immediate notification, say in Microsoft Teams, that a new request came in and it Teams, that a new request came in and it Teams, that a new request came in and it was assigned to one person. So to do was assigned to one person. So to do was assigned to one person. So to do that, we're going to go over here to that, we're going to go over here to that, we're going to go over here to agents. Now, we could do it from the agents. Now, we could do it from the agents. Now, we could do it from the overview as well, but I'm coming here to overview as well, but I'm coming here to overview as well, but I'm coming here to agents tab. Am I going to add in a new agents tab. Am I going to add in a new agents tab. Am I going to add in a new agent? If we already had an agent built, agent? If we already had an agent built, agent? If we already had an agent built, like a fully functional independent like a fully functional independent like a fully functional independent agent built, we can connect to it. It's agent built, we can connect to it. It's agent built, we can connect to it. It's another co-pilot studio existing agent. another co-pilot studio existing agent. another co-pilot studio existing agent. You can see here we can also do an agent You can see here we can also do an agent You can see here we can also do an agent in fabric as well. AI foundry coming in fabric as well. AI foundry coming in fabric as well. AI foundry coming soon and also 365 SDK agent coming as soon and also 365 SDK agent coming as soon and also 365 SDK agent coming as well. One we're going to choose though well. One we're going to choose though well. One we're going to choose though here is we're going to do this here is we're going to do this here is we're going to do this lightweight child agent. Okay, we're lightweight child agent. Okay, we're lightweight child agent. Okay, we're going to select that there. We'll give going to select that there. We'll give going to select that there. We'll give it a name. Okay. So, this one, let's say it a name. Okay. So, this one, let's say it a name. Okay. So, this one, let's say for this agent specifically, since we're for this agent specifically, since we're for this agent specifically, since we're just going to essentially send a message just going to essentially send a message just going to essentially send a message to a supervisor, right? We're going to to a supervisor, right? We're going to to a supervisor, right? We're going to call this our call this our call this our notify notify notify supervisor supervisor supervisor in Teams agent, right? Super kind of in Teams agent, right? Super kind of in Teams agent, right? Super kind of basic there. And then for this one, what basic there. And then for this one, what basic there. And then for this one, what we want to do is say, all right, how is we want to do is say, all right, how is we want to do is say, all right, how is this agent being triggered? What exactly this agent being triggered? What exactly this agent being triggered? What exactly is going to start the process? So, I'm is going to start the process? So, I'm is going to start the process? So, I'm going to go ahead and just simply put in going to go ahead and just simply put in going to go ahead and just simply put in this agent is triggered when the when this agent is triggered when the when this agent is triggered when the when called by our other one. So, it knows called by our other one. So, it knows called by our other one. So, it knows exactly when it's supposed to begin. So, exactly when it's supposed to begin. So, exactly when it's supposed to begin. So, we're not going to go ahead and and just we're not going to go ahead and and just we're not going to go ahead and and just kind of give it just overall just do kind of give it just overall just do kind of give it just overall just do whatever it wants. It only happens when whatever it wants. It only happens when whatever it wants. It only happens when the other one says so, right? That's the other one says so, right? That's the other one says so, right? That's kind of what we're focused on here. Of kind of what we're focused on here. Of kind of what we're focused on here. Of course, you can see additional details. course, you can see additional details. course, you can see additional details. This is where we have our condition. We This is where we have our condition. We This is where we have our condition. We could say if there's a variable or could say if there's a variable or could say if there's a variable or something else that we want to build in something else that we want to build in something else that we want to build in here, it's very, very specific that we here, it's very, very specific that we here, it's very, very specific that we want to pass in. It only happens if want to pass in. It only happens if want to pass in. It only happens if something like a mini trigger condition something like a mini trigger condition something like a mini trigger condition in here. We can build in here as well in here. We can build in here as well in here. We can build in here as well and a priority. We're not going to do and a priority. We're not going to do and a priority. We're not going to do that here today. So, we could just skip that here today. So, we could just skip that here today. So, we could just skip over it. And then we can give it our over it. And then we can give it our over it. And then we can give it our instructions. What should it do? Well, instructions. What should it do? Well, instructions. What should it do? Well, before we do that, let's actually say before we do that, let's actually say before we do that, let's actually say like the task is supposed to complete, like the task is supposed to complete, like the task is supposed to complete, right? So, we can come in here and we right? So, we can come in here and we right? So, we can come in here and we can because again the instructions are can because again the instructions are can because again the instructions are going to be a little bit dynamic here. going to be a little bit dynamic here. going to be a little bit dynamic here. Let's go add in our tool inside of this Let's go add in our tool inside of this Let's go add in our tool inside of this sub agent. Now, some of the the parts sub agent. Now, some of the the parts sub agent. Now, some of the the parts about this is when I put a tool here, about this is when I put a tool here, about this is when I put a tool here, I'm going to click add right here. When I'm going to click add right here. When I'm going to click add right here. When I add a tool into my child agent, the I add a tool into my child agent, the I add a tool into my child agent, the tool is actually going to be visible in tool is actually going to be visible in tool is actually going to be visible in the tool section of the parent agent. the tool section of the parent agent. the tool section of the parent agent. So, it's it may feel a little confusing. So, it's it may feel a little confusing. So, it's it may feel a little confusing. We're like, well, it's kind of We're like, well, it's kind of We're like, well, it's kind of subparted. Well, just think it's subparted. Well, just think it's subparted. Well, just think it's associated with the parent. So, we're associated with the parent. So, we're associated with the parent. So, we're actually going to see the tool alongside actually going to see the tool alongside actually going to see the tool alongside all the other tools we've already been all the other tools we've already been all the other tools we've already been using. So, we can come in here and in using. So, we can come in here and in using. So, we can come in here and in this case, we're going to go to this case, we're going to go to this case, we're going to go to Microsoft Teams. Microsoft Teams. Microsoft Teams. Okay. We can go ahead and say, "Yeah, Okay. We can go ahead and say, "Yeah, Okay. We can go ahead and say, "Yeah, we'll leave it." Leave here. It's going we'll leave it." Leave here. It's going we'll leave it." Leave here. It's going to go ahead and create our tool. Give it a second. Looks like mine was just spinning a Looks like mine was just spinning a Looks like mine was just spinning a little bit. So, I'm going to go back and little bit. So, I'm going to go back and little bit. So, I'm going to go back and and just reconfigure it real fast. So, and just reconfigure it real fast. So, and just reconfigure it real fast. So, let's go back in here. I'm just going to let's go back in here. I'm just going to let's go back in here. I'm just going to go ahead and call it again. This is go ahead and call it again. This is go ahead and call it again. This is going to be our um notify supervisor then teams agent the description here. then teams agent the description here. then teams agent the description here. We'll pass that back in there. All We'll pass that back in there. All We'll pass that back in there. All right. And before I go ahead and add the right. And before I go ahead and add the right. And before I go ahead and add the tool, since mine was just spinning tool, since mine was just spinning tool, since mine was just spinning there, go give us a nice little save there, go give us a nice little save there, go give us a nice little save first. Let's just make sure it saves it. first. Let's just make sure it saves it. first. Let's just make sure it saves it. Looks like mine got stuck there. So, I'm Looks like mine got stuck there. So, I'm Looks like mine got stuck there. So, I'm just going to give it a save and then we just going to give it a save and then we just going to give it a save and then we can add the tool afterwards. There we can add the tool afterwards. There we can add the tool afterwards. There we go. Agent saved. Now, I'm going to come go. Agent saved. Now, I'm going to come go. Agent saved. Now, I'm going to come here and let's go add our tool. All here and let's go add our tool. All here and let's go add our tool. All right, kind of got stuck there, so no right, kind of got stuck there, so no right, kind of got stuck there, so no worries. Just a nice little refresh got worries. Just a nice little refresh got worries. Just a nice little refresh got us to where we want it to be. Click us to where we want it to be. Click us to where we want it to be. Click tools, add it. There we are. And we want tools, add it. There we are. And we want tools, add it. There we are. And we want to go to Teams. Now, here inside of to go to Teams. Now, here inside of to go to Teams. Now, here inside of Teams, we can go ahead and choose Teams, we can go ahead and choose Teams, we can go ahead and choose exactly what we want to complete. So, exactly what we want to complete. So, exactly what we want to complete. So, for this piece again, we want to just for this piece again, we want to just for this piece again, we want to just notify our supervisor, somebody in notify our supervisor, somebody in notify our supervisor, somebody in Teams. So, that means I'm just going to Teams. So, that means I'm just going to Teams. So, that means I'm just going to simply post a message in a chatter simply post a message in a chatter simply post a message in a chatter channel. We could of course put a card channel. We could of course put a card channel. We could of course put a card in that chat or channel or in a shared in that chat or channel or in a shared in that chat or channel or in a shared area or something like that, but let's area or something like that, but let's area or something like that, but let's just go ahead and post a message. So just go ahead and post a message. So just go ahead and post a message. So I'll se select that one. I'll se select that one. I'll se select that one. Connect into teams. Connect into teams. Connect into teams. I'll make my connection. There we go. I'll make my connection. There we go. I'll make my connection. There we go. Just like we did with the others. All right. All right. All right. And adding configure. And we're going to And adding configure. And we're going to And adding configure. And we're going to do this just like we did all the other do this just like we did all the other do this just like we did all the other tools. We're going to configure them. tools. We're going to configure them. tools. We're going to configure them. make sure we're pointing to the right make sure we're pointing to the right make sure we're pointing to the right location. Who are we sending it to based location. Who are we sending it to based location. Who are we sending it to based upon their their email address? Who is upon their their email address? Who is upon their their email address? Who is it coming from? Uh what is the it coming from? Uh what is the it coming from? Uh what is the authentication type? What type of authentication type? What type of authentication type? What type of message do we want to have there as message do we want to have there as message do we want to have there as well? That's what we're going to look at well? That's what we're going to look at well? That's what we're going to look at here. So, here's our tool. There we go. here. So, here's our tool. There we go. here. So, here's our tool. There we go. Post a message in a chat or channel. Post a message in a chat or channel. Post a message in a chat or channel. Let's go ahead and do our authentication Let's go ahead and do our authentication Let's go ahead and do our authentication first since we we know that we're going first since we we know that we're going first since we we know that we're going to have to do that. go ahead and say to have to do that. go ahead and say to have to do that. go ahead and say nope just use my authentication here as nope just use my authentication here as nope just use my authentication here as the owner of the of the agent post as I the owner of the of the agent post as I the owner of the of the agent post as I want to do this as a custom value here want to do this as a custom value here want to do this as a custom value here for post as and I'm going to choose in for post as and I'm going to choose in for post as and I'm going to choose in this case post as the flowbot post in this case post as the flowbot post in this case post as the flowbot post in I'm going to choose chat with a flowbot I'm going to choose chat with a flowbot I'm going to choose chat with a flowbot so it shows up in teams as just coming so it shows up in teams as just coming so it shows up in teams as just coming from the workflows bot in teams so from the workflows bot in teams so from the workflows bot in teams so custom value there post in is going to custom value there post in is going to custom value there post in is going to be chat with a flowbot right there okay be chat with a flowbot right there okay be chat with a flowbot right there okay post message request request there. We post message request request there. We post message request request there. We don't need to worry about that. don't need to worry about that. don't need to worry about that. Recipient, that's really what we need to Recipient, that's really what we need to Recipient, that's really what we need to focus on again. Who's receiving this? focus on again. Who's receiving this? focus on again. Who's receiving this? Well, let's go ahead and pass that in Well, let's go ahead and pass that in Well, let's go ahead and pass that in and customize that so we know who and customize that so we know who and customize that so we know who exactly is to get that response. Now, exactly is to get that response. Now, exactly is to get that response. Now, I'm going to go ahead and grab that in I'm going to go ahead and grab that in I'm going to go ahead and grab that in here since I don't have that copied and here since I don't have that copied and here since I don't have that copied and memorized there. Let me go ahead and memorized there. Let me go ahead and memorized there. Let me go ahead and grab the full one there. Uh, let me see grab the full one there. Uh, let me see grab the full one there. Uh, let me see it here and make sure I choose the whole it here and make sure I choose the whole it here and make sure I choose the whole thing. thing. thing. There we go. There's my email address I There we go. There's my email address I There we go. There's my email address I want to pass in. Go ahead, put yours in want to pass in. Go ahead, put yours in want to pass in. Go ahead, put yours in there, too. Okay, so there's the email, there, too. Okay, so there's the email, there, too. Okay, so there's the email, the message. Let it go dynamic. Let it the message. Let it go dynamic. Let it the message. Let it go dynamic. Let it dynamically fill with AI. Let it figure dynamically fill with AI. Let it figure dynamically fill with AI. Let it figure out what the message is. We can make out what the message is. We can make out what the message is. We can make some of that within our instructions and some of that within our instructions and some of that within our instructions and kind of give it a guideline of exactly kind of give it a guideline of exactly kind of give it a guideline of exactly what the message should look like. All what the message should look like. All what the message should look like. All right. So, there we are. We have our right. So, there we are. We have our right. So, there we are. We have our description, our name, all the inputs description, our name, all the inputs description, our name, all the inputs done. Go ahead and save it. What we can done. Go ahead and save it. What we can done. Go ahead and save it. What we can then do here is go back to our agent. then do here is go back to our agent. then do here is go back to our agent. Okay. and open up that other agent. So, Okay. and open up that other agent. So, Okay. and open up that other agent. So, I'm going to go click on agents here now I'm going to go click on agents here now I'm going to go click on agents here now that my tool has been saved. Here's our that my tool has been saved. Here's our that my tool has been saved. Here's our notify supervisor and teams agent. I'm notify supervisor and teams agent. I'm notify supervisor and teams agent. I'm just going to select it. just going to select it. just going to select it. Now, I'm going to go to the instructions Now, I'm going to go to the instructions Now, I'm going to go to the instructions in here and we're going to update the in here and we're going to update the in here and we're going to update the instructions so we can make sure that instructions so we can make sure that instructions so we can make sure that this agent does exactly what we want it this agent does exactly what we want it this agent does exactly what we want it to do, okay, within which and use the to do, okay, within which and use the to do, okay, within which and use the tools how we want it to do. So, I'm tools how we want it to do. So, I'm tools how we want it to do. So, I'm going to paste in here some new going to paste in here some new going to paste in here some new instructions. We're going to run. I'll instructions. We're going to run. I'll instructions. We're going to run. I'll go ahead and put in my go ahead and put in my go ahead and put in my dynamic content there. Okay. So, we're dynamic content there. Okay. So, we're dynamic content there. Okay. So, we're going to run our post message and going to run our post message and going to run our post message and chatter channel and include the assigned chatter channel and include the assigned chatter channel and include the assigned employee name and project description in employee name and project description in employee name and project description in the message. We can say we want more the message. We can say we want more the message. We can say we want more things or just give a general things or just give a general things or just give a general information about that. We can information about that. We can information about that. We can absolutely do that as well. But in this absolutely do that as well. But in this absolutely do that as well. But in this case, I just want to say run this case, I just want to say run this case, I just want to say run this include at least two pieces of include at least two pieces of include at least two pieces of information. That's going to be the key information. That's going to be the key information. That's going to be the key factor here. All right. So, there's our factor here. All right. So, there's our factor here. All right. So, there's our instructions for our child agent, which instructions for our child agent, which instructions for our child agent, which is again including this other tool. So, is again including this other tool. So, is again including this other tool. So, I'm going to go ahead and save that. And I'm going to go ahead and save that. And I'm going to go ahead and save that. And we're nearly there. The last piece is we we're nearly there. The last piece is we we're nearly there. The last piece is we have our child agent. We know when the have our child agent. We know when the have our child agent. We know when the child agent is supposed to run because child agent is supposed to run because child agent is supposed to run because we gave that in the description. We told we gave that in the description. We told we gave that in the description. We told it what it's supposed to do at the end it what it's supposed to do at the end it what it's supposed to do at the end within our instructions, but we didn't within our instructions, but we didn't within our instructions, but we didn't tell our parent agent how to use the tell our parent agent how to use the tell our parent agent how to use the child agent, when to go ahead and pass child agent, when to go ahead and pass child agent, when to go ahead and pass information off to that child agent. So, information off to that child agent. So, information off to that child agent. So, we need to go all the way back to our we need to go all the way back to our we need to go all the way back to our overview, all the way back to the main overview, all the way back to the main overview, all the way back to the main agent that we have here, our autonomous agent that we have here, our autonomous agent that we have here, our autonomous agent, and update our instructions one agent, and update our instructions one agent, and update our instructions one last time. And we need to include one last time. And we need to include one last time. And we need to include one final piece in our instructions. And final piece in our instructions. And final piece in our instructions. And that final piece is to go ahead and run that final piece is to go ahead and run that final piece is to go ahead and run or call the other flow or the other or call the other flow or the other or call the other flow or the other agent, excuse me. So, we want to add in agent, excuse me. So, we want to add in agent, excuse me. So, we want to add in one more piece here. And I'm just going one more piece here. And I'm just going one more piece here. And I'm just going to go ahead and copy it from my file to go ahead and copy it from my file to go ahead and copy it from my file here because I do have it as step six here because I do have it as step six here because I do have it as step six down here, which is just simply call the down here, which is just simply call the down here, which is just simply call the last piece. Call the other agent. So, last piece. Call the other agent. So, last piece. Call the other agent. So, I'm going to type in here. It's nice and I'm going to type in here. It's nice and I'm going to type in here. It's nice and simple. Call the I'll put my space simple. Call the I'll put my space simple. Call the I'll put my space forward slash. And what we want to do is forward slash. And what we want to do is forward slash. And what we want to do is call the notify supervisor and teams call the notify supervisor and teams call the notify supervisor and teams agent. That's it. The very last thing, agent. That's it. The very last thing, agent. That's it. The very last thing, go ahead and make sure that other agent go ahead and make sure that other agent go ahead and make sure that other agent kicks off. So, final save here kicks off. So, final save here kicks off. So, final save here and we should be good to go. Now, I'm and we should be good to go. Now, I'm and we should be good to go. Now, I'm going to test this. I know something's going to test this. I know something's going to test this. I know something's going to happen if I test it right now. going to happen if I test it right now. going to happen if I test it right now. If I were to test this right here, right If I were to test this right here, right If I were to test this right here, right now, it's going to fail because one of now, it's going to fail because one of now, it's going to fail because one of the rules about using this agentto agent the rules about using this agentto agent the rules about using this agentto agent handoff is it only works if handoff is it only works if handoff is it only works if the main agent has been published. It's the main agent has been published. It's the main agent has been published. It's the only way this will work. So, I'm the only way this will work. So, I'm the only way this will work. So, I'm going to go ahead and select publish and going to go ahead and select publish and going to go ahead and select publish and make sure my full agent is published make sure my full agent is published make sure my full agent is published because if not, it will not be able to because if not, it will not be able to because if not, it will not be able to identify, recognize, and call my child identify, recognize, and call my child identify, recognize, and call my child agent. So, that's a key factor here. It agent. So, that's a key factor here. It agent. So, that's a key factor here. It must be published, ready to be to be must be published, ready to be to be must be published, ready to be to be used essentially on and live waiting for used essentially on and live waiting for used essentially on and live waiting for the event to occur in order for this to the event to occur in order for this to the event to occur in order for this to work. Okay. So that means once it is work. Okay. So that means once it is work. Okay. So that means once it is published, I actually don't need to published, I actually don't need to published, I actually don't need to click on that test button at all because click on that test button at all because click on that test button at all because if I just go to the form, add a new if I just go to the form, add a new if I just go to the form, add a new response, it should go by itself. It's response, it should go by itself. It's response, it should go by itself. It's waiting, it's on, it's live, it will waiting, it's on, it's live, it will waiting, it's on, it's live, it will trigger on its own. The whole idea of trigger on its own. The whole idea of trigger on its own. The whole idea of being autonomous, I just let it go. All being autonomous, I just let it go. All being autonomous, I just let it go. All right. So, let's let it publish here for right. So, let's let it publish here for right. So, let's let it publish here for a quick moment and then give it one full a quick moment and then give it one full a quick moment and then give it one full test from the beginning by adding in test from the beginning by adding in test from the beginning by adding in another form response. Now, in this another form response. Now, in this another form response. Now, in this case, I'm going to go determine let's case, I'm going to go determine let's case, I'm going to go determine let's see which area should I use. Let's go see which area should I use. Let's go see which area should I use. Let's go ahead and I will ask let's see who do I ahead and I will ask let's see who do I ahead and I will ask let's see who do I want to do some work for me here. Yep. want to do some work for me here. Yep. want to do some work for me here. Yep. I'm going to choose Zane. So, I'll go I'm going to choose Zane. So, I'll go I'm going to choose Zane. So, I'll go ahead and do this zip code here to go to ahead and do this zip code here to go to ahead and do this zip code here to go to the fruit coarian south of Jacksonville the fruit coarian south of Jacksonville the fruit coarian south of Jacksonville 32259 is what I'm going to choose. So, 32259 is what I'm going to choose. So, 32259 is what I'm going to choose. So, let me go to my form. There it is. And let me go to my form. There it is. And let me go to my form. There it is. And put in a new one. So, my next one here put in a new one. So, my next one here put in a new one. So, my next one here is Jonathan test 2. Let's just give it is Jonathan test 2. Let's just give it is Jonathan test 2. Let's just give it another name like that. I'll call it another name like that. I'll call it another name like that. I'll call it test 2ample.com. My zip code here is 32259. Let me make My zip code here is 32259. Let me make My zip code here is 32259. Let me make sure I have the right one there once sure I have the right one there once sure I have the right one there once more. 32259. Exactly what I want. more. 32259. Exactly what I want. more. 32259. Exactly what I want. Perfect. Then I want a design and I want Perfect. Then I want a design and I want Perfect. Then I want a design and I want I want to have new bushes I want to have new bushes I want to have new bushes and trees and trees and trees on the side of my house. So I don't on the side of my house. So I don't on the side of my house. So I don't see my neighbor see my neighbor see my neighbor anymore. Why not, right? So let's put anymore. Why not, right? So let's put anymore. Why not, right? So let's put that in there. How did I hear about us? that in there. How did I hear about us? that in there. How did I hear about us? a family friend or uh told us or a a family friend or uh told us or a a family friend or uh told us or a friend or family referral there and friend or family referral there and friend or family referral there and let's give it a submit and let's see let's give it a submit and let's see let's give it a submit and let's see what happens from there. All right, what happens from there. All right, what happens from there. All right, submit that. submit that. submit that. And now we're just in the waiting game. And now we're just in the waiting game. And now we're just in the waiting game. We're not going to go ahead here and use We're not going to go ahead here and use We're not going to go ahead here and use the map, the activity map, because the the map, the activity map, because the the map, the activity map, because the activity map here is just kind of you activity map here is just kind of you activity map here is just kind of you could see here from our test if it runs could see here from our test if it runs could see here from our test if it runs by itself, by itself, by itself, we should just expect that all of the we should just expect that all of the we should just expect that all of the stages are occurring. So, here's a quick stages are occurring. So, here's a quick stages are occurring. So, here's a quick way for us to figure that out. Remember, way for us to figure that out. Remember, way for us to figure that out. Remember, one of the steps that we have is send one of the steps that we have is send one of the steps that we have is send the draft email. So, technically, we go the draft email. So, technically, we go the draft email. So, technically, we go to Outlook and see, is there a draft in to Outlook and see, is there a draft in to Outlook and see, is there a draft in there? We should be able to see it. Oh, there? We should be able to see it. Oh, there? We should be able to see it. Oh, there's my draft. You see that? There's there's my draft. You see that? There's there's my draft. You see that? There's a one next to it. Let's see if it goes a one next to it. Let's see if it goes a one next to it. Let's see if it goes and sends the draft and we get something and sends the draft and we get something and sends the draft and we get something in our inbox here in just a moment. Okay, we have one draft. I'm just Okay, we have one draft. I'm just Okay, we have one draft. I'm just waiting for it to go through and waiting for it to go through and waiting for it to go through and finalize and then I should get a message finalize and then I should get a message finalize and then I should get a message in Teams as well at the end. Oh, look at in Teams as well at the end. Oh, look at in Teams as well at the end. Oh, look at that. I just got my message in Teams as that. I just got my message in Teams as that. I just got my message in Teams as I say it there. So, here's my message I say it there. So, here's my message I say it there. So, here's my message from the workflows bot in Teams. A new from the workflows bot in Teams. A new from the workflows bot in Teams. A new landscaping request. Oh, let's see. landscaping request. Oh, let's see. landscaping request. Oh, let's see. Let's get out of here. Got it. has been Let's get out of here. Got it. has been Let's get out of here. Got it. has been assigned to Zane. Perfect. The project assigned to Zane. Perfect. The project assigned to Zane. Perfect. The project description is I want to have a new I description is I want to have a new I description is I want to have a new I want to have new bushes and trees in the want to have new bushes and trees in the want to have new bushes and trees in the side of my house. There we go. So, that side of my house. There we go. So, that side of my house. There we go. So, that means if I go to my log, means if I go to my log, means if I go to my log, there we are. Perfect. That's exactly there we are. Perfect. That's exactly there we are. Perfect. That's exactly what we're hoping for for our log to say what we're hoping for for our log to say what we're hoping for for our log to say exactly what we typed in. Which means if exactly what we typed in. Which means if exactly what we typed in. Which means if I go to my email, looks like my the same I go to my email, looks like my the same I go to my email, looks like my the same issue I was having earlier with the uh issue I was having earlier with the uh issue I was having earlier with the uh inbox not accepting them. That's just a inbox not accepting them. That's just a inbox not accepting them. That's just a delivery issue. That is nothing to do delivery issue. That is nothing to do delivery issue. That is nothing to do with the actual email itself. That's with the actual email itself. That's with the actual email itself. That's just this account. There's something just this account. There's something just this account. There's something known about some of these accounts every known about some of these accounts every known about some of these accounts every once in a while. But here we are. It's once in a while. But here we are. It's once in a while. But here we are. It's it's there. We know it went past this it's there. We know it went past this it's there. We know it went past this step because we had that very very step because we had that very very step because we had that very very specific ordering of steps. So, we know specific ordering of steps. So, we know specific ordering of steps. So, we know it's it's there. It's just this inbox it's it's there. It's just this inbox it's it's there. It's just this inbox just gets a little bit um you know, just gets a little bit um you know, just gets a little bit um you know, stuck on some things there. But there it stuck on some things there. But there it stuck on some things there. But there it is. It creates our draft there. Right. is. It creates our draft there. Right. is. It creates our draft there. Right. I'm going to just push it. Let it go by I'm going to just push it. Let it go by I'm going to just push it. Let it go by itself there. Okay. It's even going to itself there. Okay. It's even going to itself there. Okay. It's even going to get stuck in here anyway. Oh, there it get stuck in here anyway. Oh, there it get stuck in here anyway. Oh, there it goes. We have it. We're good to go goes. We have it. We're good to go goes. We have it. We're good to go there. So, perfect. Perfect. Perfect. We there. So, perfect. Perfect. Perfect. We there. So, perfect. Perfect. Perfect. We are able to have that fully go through are able to have that fully go through are able to have that fully go through for us here with our autonomous agent as for us here with our autonomous agent as for us here with our autonomous agent as we go through here. If I wanted to test we go through here. If I wanted to test we go through here. If I wanted to test this again and see it run from every this again and see it run from every this again and see it run from every single step, we know how to do that. One single step, we know how to do that. One single step, we know how to do that. One final quick little test here to make final quick little test here to make final quick little test here to make sure all of the stages are actually sure all of the stages are actually sure all of the stages are actually occurring. I can go over test my trigger occurring. I can go over test my trigger occurring. I can go over test my trigger from the beginning. Let's which test do from the beginning. Let's which test do from the beginning. Let's which test do I want to use? The most recent or the I want to use? The most recent or the I want to use? The most recent or the first. Go ahead and start that. Let's first. Go ahead and start that. Let's first. Go ahead and start that. Let's take a look and see how it runs. We have take a look and see how it runs. We have take a look and see how it runs. We have our activity map. So, it's going to see our activity map. So, it's going to see our activity map. So, it's going to see every single step. It'll just repeat every single step. It'll just repeat every single step. It'll just repeat what we just did, but it's going to be what we just did, but it's going to be what we just did, but it's going to be perfect for us to make sure that this perfect for us to make sure that this perfect for us to make sure that this agent runs all by itself whenever we agent runs all by itself whenever we agent runs all by itself whenever we want it to. And then we can get that want it to. And then we can get that want it to. And then we can get that final result for us. So, there you are. final result for us. So, there you are. final result for us. So, there you are. You can see all those different actions. You can see all those different actions. You can see all those different actions. They're complete. You can see how long They're complete. You can see how long They're complete. You can see how long it took to complete them. Done. There is it took to complete them. Done. There is it took to complete them. Done. There is our agent with the the tool inside of our agent with the the tool inside of our agent with the the tool inside of it. My goodness, all of that is so nice. it. My goodness, all of that is so nice. it. My goodness, all of that is so nice. There it goes. Okay. Again, it's the There it goes. Okay. Again, it's the There it goes. Okay. Again, it's the delivery fail notification. It's delivery fail notification. It's delivery fail notification. It's something with this account. Don't worry something with this account. Don't worry something with this account. Don't worry about any of those, but they're there. about any of those, but they're there. about any of those, but they're there. It's there. It's absolutely there. Okay. It's there. It's absolutely there. Okay. It's there. It's absolutely there. Okay. For us, I could just kind of see that up For us, I could just kind of see that up For us, I could just kind of see that up there. But when I go to the actual There there. But when I go to the actual There there. But when I go to the actual There it is. Perfect. I can go here to it is. Perfect. I can go here to it is. Perfect. I can go here to workflows. I got got it twice. Same one workflows. I got got it twice. Same one workflows. I got got it twice. Same one twice because again, we're just passing twice because again, we're just passing twice because again, we're just passing the same one. But that is exactly what the same one. But that is exactly what the same one. But that is exactly what we're hoping for here within our we're hoping for here within our we're hoping for here within our autonomous agent. So, thank you so very autonomous agent. So, thank you so very autonomous agent. So, thank you so very very much for joining me here today very much for joining me here today very much for joining me here today building out this autonomous agent in building out this autonomous agent in building out this autonomous agent in co-pilot studio where we're able to co-pilot studio where we're able to co-pilot studio where we're able to develop triggers. We're able to get our develop triggers. We're able to get our develop triggers. We're able to get our tools. We have our instructions on how tools. We have our instructions on how tools. We have our instructions on how to use the tools and the triggers and to use the tools and the triggers and to use the tools and the triggers and then we're able to pass off our agent to then we're able to pass off our agent to then we're able to pass off our agent to another agent to complete a completely another agent to complete a completely another agent to complete a completely different process as necessary. All that different process as necessary. All that different process as necessary. All that together really helps us develop this together really helps us develop this together really helps us develop this very own personalized AI assistant that very own personalized AI assistant that very own personalized AI assistant that we can train to tell exactly what to do, we can train to tell exactly what to do, we can train to tell exactly what to do, how to do it, and then we just go live how to do it, and then we just go live how to do it, and then we just go live our life and go back to work as normal. our life and go back to work as normal. our life and go back to work as normal. Thank you so much again everyone for Thank you so much again everyone for Thank you so much again everyone for joining me. See you next time from here joining me. See you next time from here joining me. See you next time from here and all of us at Pragmatic Works. Thanks and all of us at Pragmatic Works. Thanks and all of us at Pragmatic Works. Thanks again. Have a good one. again. Have a good one. again. Have a good one. [Music]
