Are you ready for a deep dive into rag, Are you ready for a deep dive into rag, Are you ready for a deep dive into rag, especially around retrieval? What I want especially around retrieval? What I want especially around retrieval? What I want to do today is talk to you about h what to do today is talk to you about h what to do today is talk to you about h what the problems are with rag, how you scope the problems are with rag, how you scope the problems are with rag, how you scope out rag use cases, but most of what out rag use cases, but most of what out rag use cases, but most of what we're going to focus on is a technical we're going to focus on is a technical we're going to focus on is a technical deep dive around some specific retrieval deep dive around some specific retrieval deep dive around some specific retrieval approaches, BM25, language models, and approaches, BM25, language models, and approaches, BM25, language models, and then finally, agentic search and rag. then finally, agentic search and rag. then finally, agentic search and rag. This is a presentation I gave recently This is a presentation I gave recently This is a presentation I gave recently at a conference at the MLOps conference. at a conference at the MLOps conference. at a conference at the MLOps conference. What I'm going to do today is going to What I'm going to do today is going to What I'm going to do today is going to go a little bit faster through the go a little bit faster through the go a little bit faster through the content. You're going to miss some of content. You're going to miss some of content. You're going to miss some of the jokes, some of the setups like that, the jokes, some of the setups like that, the jokes, some of the setups like that, but I want to give everybody a chance to but I want to give everybody a chance to but I want to give everybody a chance to understand some of the content that I understand some of the content that I understand some of the content that I was able to share out there. Now, to was able to share out there. Now, to was able to share out there. Now, to start out with, I like to focus on where start out with, I like to focus on where start out with, I like to focus on where we are with Rag today. And lots of folks we are with Rag today. And lots of folks we are with Rag today. And lots of folks are out there kind of building their own are out there kind of building their own are out there kind of building their own RAG solutions because after all, we see RAG solutions because after all, we see RAG solutions because after all, we see chat GBT, you're inside a company, you chat GBT, you're inside a company, you chat GBT, you're inside a company, you want to be able to ask questions, right? want to be able to ask questions, right? want to be able to ask questions, right? No, the CEO wants to know, hey, can I No, the CEO wants to know, hey, can I No, the CEO wants to know, hey, can I get the list of board of directors from get the list of board of directors from get the list of board of directors from your fancy chat GBT solution? And you your fancy chat GBT solution? And you your fancy chat GBT solution? And you quickly find out, no, it doesn't because quickly find out, no, it doesn't because quickly find out, no, it doesn't because you need your enterprise knowledge in you need your enterprise knowledge in you need your enterprise knowledge in there. All of you probably at this point there. All of you probably at this point there. All of you probably at this point know, right? You can build a very easy know, right? You can build a very easy know, right? You can build a very easy rag demo out of the box by just grabbing rag demo out of the box by just grabbing rag demo out of the box by just grabbing some data, using an embedding model, some data, using an embedding model, some data, using an embedding model, creating vectors, doing the similarity. creating vectors, doing the similarity. creating vectors, doing the similarity. The code is out there. Many of us have The code is out there. Many of us have The code is out there. Many of us have kind of run through code like this kind of run through code like this kind of run through code like this before where we take our information, we before where we take our information, we before where we take our information, we chunk it down, we can then retrieve it, chunk it down, we can then retrieve it, chunk it down, we can then retrieve it, pass it to a language model. I'm going pass it to a language model. I'm going pass it to a language model. I'm going to assume everybody here kind of knows to assume everybody here kind of knows to assume everybody here kind of knows the basics for kind of building rag. And the basics for kind of building rag. And the basics for kind of building rag. And it's easy to build a rag solution like it's easy to build a rag solution like it's easy to build a rag solution like this. But where I come in and hope why this. But where I come in and hope why this. But where I come in and hope why you're probably here is you know that you're probably here is you know that you're probably here is you know that the reality is you can build that quick the reality is you can build that quick the reality is you can build that quick demo but as you try to move that into demo but as you try to move that into demo but as you try to move that into production you figure out that the production you figure out that the production you figure out that the accuracy of what you did isn't that accuracy of what you did isn't that accuracy of what you did isn't that great because maybe you focused on some great because maybe you focused on some great because maybe you focused on some using some synthetic data to generate to using some synthetic data to generate to using some synthetic data to generate to evaluate your model that was based evaluate your model that was based evaluate your model that was based around simple extraction but your users around simple extraction but your users around simple extraction but your users ask much more complex type of questions. ask much more complex type of questions. ask much more complex type of questions. So your accuracy drops as soon as you So your accuracy drops as soon as you So your accuracy drops as soon as you move it into production. Or it could be move it into production. Or it could be move it into production. Or it could be you had so many calls that the latency you had so many calls that the latency you had so many calls that the latency is just unbearable and your users don't is just unbearable and your users don't is just unbearable and your users don't want to wait that long. It could be just want to wait that long. It could be just want to wait that long. It could be just a problem of scaling, right? Going from a problem of scaling, right? Going from a problem of scaling, right? Going from a 100 documents to a,000, 10,000, a a 100 documents to a,000, 10,000, a a 100 documents to a,000, 10,000, a million documents. Lots of issues around million documents. Lots of issues around million documents. Lots of issues around scaling there that happen. Finally, it's scaling there that happen. Finally, it's scaling there that happen. Finally, it's the cost, right? Your demo works great, the cost, right? Your demo works great, the cost, right? Your demo works great, but we're seeing a lot of push back in but we're seeing a lot of push back in but we're seeing a lot of push back in enterprises as you built a very complex enterprises as you built a very complex enterprises as you built a very complex multi-agent rag system that all of a multi-agent rag system that all of a multi-agent rag system that all of a sudden each query costs like a dollar sudden each query costs like a dollar sudden each query costs like a dollar for each search. It's like it's crazy. for each search. It's like it's crazy. for each search. It's like it's crazy. And then finally, and this is the thing And then finally, and this is the thing And then finally, and this is the thing most people miss, but inside an most people miss, but inside an most people miss, but inside an enterprise, not everybody gets to read enterprise, not everybody gets to read enterprise, not everybody gets to read every document. You need to have some every document. You need to have some every document. You need to have some way to work with compliance, some method way to work with compliance, some method way to work with compliance, some method for entitlements. So, not everybody can for entitlements. So, not everybody can for entitlements. So, not everybody can see every document like that. And I know see every document like that. And I know see every document like that. And I know I say this and many of you will scour I say this and many of you will scour I say this and many of you will scour and look at your algorithms and be like, and look at your algorithms and be like, and look at your algorithms and be like, well, you know what, Raj, I'm just going well, you know what, Raj, I'm just going well, you know what, Raj, I'm just going to go search out on archive and there's to go search out on archive and there's to go search out on archive and there's got to be a better paper out there. And got to be a better paper out there. And got to be a better paper out there. And there's lots of papers out there on rag there's lots of papers out there on rag there's lots of papers out there on rag like that. But what I want to do is the like that. But what I want to do is the like that. But what I want to do is the answer is not in here of pulling answer is not in here of pulling answer is not in here of pulling together like a bunch of archive papers together like a bunch of archive papers together like a bunch of archive papers and doing this. So I want to give people and doing this. So I want to give people and doing this. So I want to give people a framework for thinking through how to a framework for thinking through how to a framework for thinking through how to solve the rag problems and not ending up solve the rag problems and not ending up solve the rag problems and not ending up with something that looks like this. with something that looks like this. with something that looks like this. So as a starting point, let me give you So as a starting point, let me give you So as a starting point, let me give you the idea first of all is you have to the idea first of all is you have to the idea first of all is you have to think of rag as a system. It's not just think of rag as a system. It's not just think of rag as a system. It's not just one or two models. You're going to have one or two models. You're going to have one or two models. You're going to have a lot of different parts together as you a lot of different parts together as you a lot of different parts together as you build a rag production system. And that build a rag production system. And that build a rag production system. And that involves parsing the documents cleanly involves parsing the documents cleanly involves parsing the documents cleanly getting it out. something that's vastly getting it out. something that's vastly getting it out. something that's vastly overlooked, but especially when you get overlooked, but especially when you get overlooked, but especially when you get to complex documents, you need a good to complex documents, you need a good to complex documents, you need a good system for getting that information out system for getting that information out system for getting that information out cleanly. How you query your documents, cleanly. How you query your documents, cleanly. How you query your documents, the retrieval, finding those chunks, and the retrieval, finding those chunks, and the retrieval, finding those chunks, and then generating a response. So, this out then generating a response. So, this out then generating a response. So, this out here is kind of a baseline system for here is kind of a baseline system for here is kind of a baseline system for today. What I want to first do is talk today. What I want to first do is talk today. What I want to first do is talk about how we figure out where to improve about how we figure out where to improve about how we figure out where to improve and what type of system we need. and what type of system we need. and what type of system we need. And this is where like whenever somebody And this is where like whenever somebody And this is where like whenever somebody comes to me with a rag problem before we comes to me with a rag problem before we comes to me with a rag problem before we jump into the technical details, I like jump into the technical details, I like jump into the technical details, I like to know what are the trade where are to know what are the trade where are to know what are the trade where are they thinking in terms of tradeoffs. they thinking in terms of tradeoffs. they thinking in terms of tradeoffs. Right? This is just like like another Right? This is just like like another Right? This is just like like another engineering problem where you have to engineering problem where you have to engineering problem where you have to think about how quickly you want think about how quickly you want think about how quickly you want something. What's the cost going to be? something. What's the cost going to be? something. What's the cost going to be? And instead of accuracy here, I'm using And instead of accuracy here, I'm using And instead of accuracy here, I'm using problem complexity. problem complexity. problem complexity. And if you can't have that serious And if you can't have that serious And if you can't have that serious discussion with your users and know what discussion with your users and know what discussion with your users and know what the trade-offs are, it's going to be the trade-offs are, it's going to be the trade-offs are, it's going to be hard to actually build a useful hard to actually build a useful hard to actually build a useful solution. So have that upfront solution. So have that upfront solution. So have that upfront conversation. Set your expectations of conversation. Set your expectations of conversation. Set your expectations of users. One thing that often comes up in users. One thing that often comes up in users. One thing that often comes up in Gen AI um is the cost of a mistake. Gen AI um is the cost of a mistake. Gen AI um is the cost of a mistake. Often where you're going to get Often where you're going to get Often where you're going to get implemented in today's generative AI implemented in today's generative AI implemented in today's generative AI because they are mistakrone is in places because they are mistakrone is in places because they are mistakrone is in places where it's easy to make mistakes. So where it's easy to make mistakes. So where it's easy to make mistakes. So this is why you see codebased tools, this is why you see codebased tools, this is why you see codebased tools, codebased assistant tools happening all codebased assistant tools happening all codebased assistant tools happening all the time because developers can quickly the time because developers can quickly the time because developers can quickly check the mistake while building a rag check the mistake while building a rag check the mistake while building a rag system that might be a life and death system that might be a life and death system that might be a life and death something for patients in a healthcare something for patients in a healthcare something for patients in a healthcare medical might be a little bit harder medical might be a little bit harder medical might be a little bit harder because of the cost of the mistakes. But because of the cost of the mistakes. But because of the cost of the mistakes. But that should be a rough proxy for telling that should be a rough proxy for telling that should be a rough proxy for telling you like how what you're going to have you like how what you're going to have you like how what you're going to have to do to get this into production. to do to get this into production. to do to get this into production. Now, to give you a sense of kind of some Now, to give you a sense of kind of some Now, to give you a sense of kind of some of the trade-offs that we have, this is of the trade-offs that we have, this is of the trade-offs that we have, this is something I made I made this like something I made I made this like something I made I made this like probably a year ago for our sales team. probably a year ago for our sales team. probably a year ago for our sales team. Like my day job is helping to kind of Like my day job is helping to kind of Like my day job is helping to kind of work with customers on building kind of work with customers on building kind of work with customers on building kind of rag solutions. I've been doing this for rag solutions. I've been doing this for rag solutions. I've been doing this for years all the way back to when I was at years all the way back to when I was at years all the way back to when I was at HuggingFace. And so I built this for the HuggingFace. And so I built this for the HuggingFace. And so I built this for the sales guy. This this chart on the right sales guy. This this chart on the right sales guy. This this chart on the right just I use chatbt to build this. But the just I use chatbt to build this. But the just I use chatbt to build this. But the idea here is to have that conversation idea here is to have that conversation idea here is to have that conversation about what type of queries, what type of about what type of queries, what type of about what type of queries, what type of things people are going to use this rag things people are going to use this rag things people are going to use this rag system for. And that way you can figure system for. And that way you can figure system for. And that way you can figure out what is the complexity, what are the out what is the complexity, what are the out what is the complexity, what are the nuances that you're going to have to nuances that you're going to have to nuances that you're going to have to consider. Understanding this upfront consider. Understanding this upfront consider. Understanding this upfront before you start getting into the before you start getting into the before you start getting into the details of of designing your rag system details of of designing your rag system details of of designing your rag system is very important and could save you a is very important and could save you a is very important and could save you a lot of heartache. Like one thing I like lot of heartache. Like one thing I like lot of heartache. Like one thing I like to do is just know what kind of queries to do is just know what kind of queries to do is just know what kind of queries do we expect from people because as we do we expect from people because as we do we expect from people because as we talk about queries, they have a lot of talk about queries, they have a lot of talk about queries, they have a lot of different complexity where you could different complexity where you could different complexity where you could have very simple keyword queries, right? have very simple keyword queries, right? have very simple keyword queries, right? This will work very great. But on the This will work very great. But on the This will work very great. But on the other hand, maybe your users don't know other hand, maybe your users don't know other hand, maybe your users don't know the exact keywords and you're going to the exact keywords and you're going to the exact keywords and you're going to have some type of semantic variation have some type of semantic variation have some type of semantic variation where they're going to say how much bank where they're going to say how much bank where they're going to say how much bank instead of just the total revenue. instead of just the total revenue. instead of just the total revenue. Or maybe your users have queries where Or maybe your users have queries where Or maybe your users have queries where they expect a little bit of complexity they expect a little bit of complexity they expect a little bit of complexity of hopping from get solving one part of of hopping from get solving one part of of hopping from get solving one part of the question going to the next part. Or the question going to the next part. Or the question going to the next part. Or maybe the questions answers are in maybe the questions answers are in maybe the questions answers are in multiple documents. multiple documents. multiple documents. Or and this is the one that often Or and this is the one that often Or and this is the one that often happens a lot of times the answers happens a lot of times the answers happens a lot of times the answers aren't in the documents that they give aren't in the documents that they give aren't in the documents that they give you that they're all of a sudden they're you that they're all of a sudden they're you that they're all of a sudden they're asking for knowledge that's outside. I asking for knowledge that's outside. I asking for knowledge that's outside. I see this happening all the time and it's see this happening all the time and it's see this happening all the time and it's something again to get ahead of to something again to get ahead of to something again to get ahead of to figure out how you want to solve it. And figure out how you want to solve it. And figure out how you want to solve it. And then finally nowadays we are used to then finally nowadays we are used to then finally nowadays we are used to these thinking LLMs. People are asking these thinking LLMs. People are asking these thinking LLMs. People are asking much more broader questions that call much more broader questions that call much more broader questions that call for agentic scenarios. Each of these for agentic scenarios. Each of these for agentic scenarios. Each of these things will come with consequences for things will come with consequences for things will come with consequences for how we design our systems like that. how we design our systems like that. how we design our systems like that. Now today I'm going to focus on the Now today I'm going to focus on the Now today I'm going to focus on the retrieval part of this diagram. And I do retrieval part of this diagram. And I do retrieval part of this diagram. And I do this because this is where I see a lot this because this is where I see a lot this because this is where I see a lot of confusion, uncertainty. I people of confusion, uncertainty. I people of confusion, uncertainty. I people don't know exactly what type of models don't know exactly what type of models don't know exactly what type of models to pick out. They're a little bit to pick out. They're a little bit to pick out. They're a little bit overwhelmed at all the different overwhelmed at all the different overwhelmed at all the different architectures and different choices. And architectures and different choices. And architectures and different choices. And I see a lot of stuff out on the I see a lot of stuff out on the I see a lot of stuff out on the internets, on the LinkedIn, the X's internets, on the LinkedIn, the X's internets, on the LinkedIn, the X's where there's a lot of different where there's a lot of different where there's a lot of different philosophies, developers, companies philosophies, developers, companies philosophies, developers, companies putting out kind of ideas like that. And putting out kind of ideas like that. And putting out kind of ideas like that. And I want to give people a good solid I want to give people a good solid I want to give people a good solid practical way to start with retrieval practical way to start with retrieval practical way to start with retrieval before jumping into all types of before jumping into all types of before jumping into all types of alternative approaches like that. So alternative approaches like that. So alternative approaches like that. So this is where we're going to focus on this is where we're going to focus on this is where we're going to focus on retrieval. We're going to stick to the retrieval. We're going to stick to the retrieval. We're going to stick to the basics here. And retrieval again is basics here. And retrieval again is basics here. And retrieval again is about I have a document. I've broken it about I have a document. I've broken it about I have a document. I've broken it down into pieces, right? We need to down into pieces, right? We need to down into pieces, right? We need to break these things down into pieces. break these things down into pieces. break these things down into pieces. You're not going to have one model that You're not going to have one model that You're not going to have one model that can hold them all. If you just think can hold them all. If you just think can hold them all. If you just think about the extreme case, imagine you had about the extreme case, imagine you had about the extreme case, imagine you had one model that had like a 10 million one model that had like a 10 million one model that had like a 10 million context length that could hold context length that could hold context length that could hold everything. Would it really make sense everything. Would it really make sense everything. Would it really make sense to run that for every query? the amount to run that for every query? the amount to run that for every query? the amount of compute to do that. No, no, no. We of compute to do that. No, no, no. We of compute to do that. No, no, no. We want to be compute efficient. It makes want to be compute efficient. It makes want to be compute efficient. It makes sense to break our documents into pieces sense to break our documents into pieces sense to break our documents into pieces using a chunking approach like that. using a chunking approach like that. using a chunking approach like that. This is why retrieval rag is always This is why retrieval rag is always This is why retrieval rag is always going to be around. We're going to talk going to be around. We're going to talk going to be around. We're going to talk about BM25. about BM25. about BM25. We're going to talk about language We're going to talk about language We're going to talk about language models and agentic search. And since models and agentic search. And since models and agentic search. And since this is a video where you can skip this is a video where you can skip this is a video where you can skip ahead, I'm going to just keep going. ahead, I'm going to just keep going. ahead, I'm going to just keep going. Now, if you think about it in terms of Now, if you think about it in terms of Now, if you think about it in terms of code, this is kind of the area of the code, this is kind of the area of the code, this is kind of the area of the steps that we're working in where we've steps that we're working in where we've steps that we're working in where we've chunked down the data. The next step is chunked down the data. The next step is chunked down the data. The next step is figuring out what the relevant chunk is figuring out what the relevant chunk is figuring out what the relevant chunk is to pass into our generator model. A lot to pass into our generator model. A lot to pass into our generator model. A lot of approaches here. I want to start with of approaches here. I want to start with of approaches here. I want to start with BM25. BM25. BM25. BM25 BM25 BM25 stands for best match 25. So, it's a stands for best match 25. So, it's a stands for best match 25. So, it's a lexical type of search. lexical type of search. lexical type of search. And it took a couple iterations for them And it took a couple iterations for them And it took a couple iterations for them to get there. This is the 25th, right? to get there. This is the 25th, right? to get there. This is the 25th, right? This is a crafted formula that takes a This is a crafted formula that takes a This is a crafted formula that takes a look at all the words that are in a look at all the words that are in a look at all the words that are in a document and creates this inverted document and creates this inverted document and creates this inverted index. And so you can see it right here index. And so you can see it right here index. And so you can see it right here in the middle where like for every word in the middle where like for every word in the middle where like for every word we know which documents it goes to. So we know which documents it goes to. So we know which documents it goes to. So then right if I have a search and I need then right if I have a search and I need then right if I have a search and I need to f figure out I have a query that has to f figure out I have a query that has to f figure out I have a query that has about butterfly now I can figure out about butterfly now I can figure out about butterfly now I can figure out what is the relevant document that has what is the relevant document that has what is the relevant document that has butterfly right like this is a very nice butterfly right like this is a very nice butterfly right like this is a very nice way of doing this and to give you a way of doing this and to give you a way of doing this and to give you a sense of like how quick and how fast it sense of like how quick and how fast it sense of like how quick and how fast it is I kind of use chatbt to get a quick is I kind of use chatbt to get a quick is I kind of use chatbt to get a quick benchmark so all of these numbers were benchmark so all of these numbers were benchmark so all of these numbers were just generated using the models which is just generated using the models which is just generated using the models which is why I don't have a ton of code for you why I don't have a ton of code for you why I don't have a ton of code for you because you can easily get the models because you can easily get the models because you can easily get the models like this so I had to create a synthetic like this so I had to create a synthetic like this so I had to create a synthetic set of a,000 3,000 9,000 documents. set of a,000 3,000 9,000 documents. set of a,000 3,000 9,000 documents. The first thing I did was I ran a linear The first thing I did was I ran a linear The first thing I did was I ran a linear search. So a linear search is just like search. So a linear search is just like search. So a linear search is just like when you use Ctrl+F find and you look when you use Ctrl+F find and you look when you use Ctrl+F find and you look for one after another after another for one after another after another for one after another after another after another. So imagine looking for after another. So imagine looking for after another. So imagine looking for that word butterfly right through each that word butterfly right through each that word butterfly right through each document one time after time. And you document one time after time. And you document one time after time. And you can see right that scales as you import can see right that scales as you import can see right that scales as you import documents. It's going to scale and go documents. It's going to scale and go documents. It's going to scale and go much slower. And it's pretty slow. As much slower. And it's pretty slow. As much slower. And it's pretty slow. As soon as you get to right a thousand soon as you get to right a thousand soon as you get to right a thousand documents, you can see it already takes documents, you can see it already takes documents, you can see it already takes 3,000 seconds to do that. On the other 3,000 seconds to do that. On the other 3,000 seconds to do that. On the other hand, if we use this idea of created hand, if we use this idea of created hand, if we use this idea of created this inverted index this inverted index this inverted index and then use the BM25 algorithm which and then use the BM25 algorithm which and then use the BM25 algorithm which works off that inverted index, you can works off that inverted index, you can works off that inverted index, you can see it's much much faster, right? see it's much much faster, right? see it's much much faster, right? Several orders of speed, much faster, Several orders of speed, much faster, Several orders of speed, much faster, which is why this is a widely used which is why this is a widely used which is why this is a widely used approach like that. approach like that. approach like that. So, what's the rub? Why aren't we using So, what's the rub? Why aren't we using So, what's the rub? Why aren't we using this all the time? Well, this is great this all the time? Well, this is great this all the time? Well, this is great at keywords, but here's the thing is at keywords, but here's the thing is at keywords, but here's the thing is sometimes sometimes sometimes the queries, the things we look for the queries, the things we look for the queries, the things we look for don't exactly match up in a lexical don't exactly match up in a lexical don't exactly match up in a lexical one-on-one overlapping way. one-on-one overlapping way. one-on-one overlapping way. Somebody asks, in this case, for a Somebody asks, in this case, for a Somebody asks, in this case, for a physician, but all the documents have physician, but all the documents have physician, but all the documents have the word doctor or somebody asked for the word doctor or somebody asked for the word doctor or somebody asked for international business machines, but the international business machines, but the international business machines, but the documents use IBM. So these are the documents use IBM. So these are the documents use IBM. So these are the failure words of this kind of strict failure words of this kind of strict failure words of this kind of strict lexical approach. Now nevertheless this lexical approach. Now nevertheless this lexical approach. Now nevertheless this is a very strong baseline. In fact when is a very strong baseline. In fact when is a very strong baseline. In fact when we talk about these neural network we talk about these neural network we talk about these neural network methods many of these methods the BM25 methods many of these methods the BM25 methods many of these methods the BM25 can beat on lots of different types of can beat on lots of different types of can beat on lots of different types of corpus. So depending on the type of corpus. So depending on the type of corpus. So depending on the type of documents and the type of queries you documents and the type of queries you documents and the type of queries you have this can be a good fit. Can give have this can be a good fit. Can give have this can be a good fit. Can give you a pretty good baseline like that. you a pretty good baseline like that. you a pretty good baseline like that. especially if you have users that especially if you have users that especially if you have users that already kind of know the words that already kind of know the words that already kind of know the words that they're looking for uh like that. And as they're looking for uh like that. And as they're looking for uh like that. And as we'll talk about later in a gentic we'll talk about later in a gentic we'll talk about later in a gentic search, it might be sufficient for a lot search, it might be sufficient for a lot search, it might be sufficient for a lot of cases. For those of you who want to of cases. For those of you who want to of cases. For those of you who want to play around with this, there's an play around with this, there's an play around with this, there's an implementation of BM25 in Python that implementation of BM25 in Python that implementation of BM25 in Python that you can go and grab and play around you can go and grab and play around you can go and grab and play around with. Now I want to enter language models. So Now I want to enter language models. So Now I want to enter language models. So the idea of language models is what we the idea of language models is what we the idea of language models is what we can do is we can take our text that we can do is we can take our text that we can do is we can take our text that we have, we pass it through an encoder, have, we pass it through an encoder, have, we pass it through an encoder, right? It's an encoder because it's right? It's an encoder because it's right? It's an encoder because it's encoding all of our text into into into encoding all of our text into into into encoding all of our text into into into numbers. And with that encoding, then numbers. And with that encoding, then numbers. And with that encoding, then we're going to be able to use that as a we're going to be able to use that as a we're going to be able to use that as a way to search. And the great way is way to search. And the great way is way to search. And the great way is because the language models are trained because the language models are trained because the language models are trained on lots and lots of data, they've seen a on lots and lots of data, they've seen a on lots and lots of data, they've seen a lot of the world, they have an idea of lot of the world, they have an idea of lot of the world, they have an idea of these similar concepts. So when for these similar concepts. So when for these similar concepts. So when for example I search for physician example I search for physician example I search for physician what I can do is in that same latenc what I can do is in that same latenc what I can do is in that same latenc number that we've created from the number that we've created from the number that we've created from the embedding the word doctor is very close embedding the word doctor is very close embedding the word doctor is very close by right international business machines by right international business machines by right international business machines is very close to IBM this is basic is very close to IBM this is basic is very close to IBM this is basic semantic search stuff it works really semantic search stuff it works really semantic search stuff it works really well which is why it was a big deal for well which is why it was a big deal for well which is why it was a big deal for Google when they added it they had great Google when they added it they had great Google when they added it they had great results with it. It's also very popular. results with it. It's also very popular. results with it. It's also very popular. If you go over to hugging face, you'll If you go over to hugging face, you'll If you go over to hugging face, you'll see these models are widely deployed. So see these models are widely deployed. So see these models are widely deployed. So this is all kind of um baseline this is all kind of um baseline this is all kind of um baseline knowledge that you should have. Now the knowledge that you should have. Now the knowledge that you should have. Now the question though a lot of people have is question though a lot of people have is question though a lot of people have is like okay Raj you told me this but like like okay Raj you told me this but like like okay Raj you told me this but like which one of these should I use. which one of these should I use. which one of these should I use. So now let's look at the data here. If So now let's look at the data here. If So now let's look at the data here. If we look at this graph we'll see there's we look at this graph we'll see there's we look at this graph we'll see there's two axes. One is CPU inference speed and two axes. One is CPU inference speed and two axes. One is CPU inference speed and this is just basically how fast it goes this is just basically how fast it goes this is just basically how fast it goes right faster to the right slower to the right faster to the right slower to the right faster to the right slower to the left and could have been GPU. I just left and could have been GPU. I just left and could have been GPU. I just used CPU implementation here for this used CPU implementation here for this used CPU implementation here for this this what is this NCDG thing all this so this what is this NCDG thing all this so this what is this NCDG thing all this so NCDG is a retrieval metric it's the NCDG is a retrieval metric it's the NCDG is a retrieval metric it's the quality of how good the results come quality of how good the results come quality of how good the results come back nano is a small version of BEI B back nano is a small version of BEI B back nano is a small version of BEI B beer BIR which is a benchmark for beer BIR which is a benchmark for beer BIR which is a benchmark for information retrieval so this is information retrieval so this is information retrieval so this is basically a quality score on a benchmark basically a quality score on a benchmark basically a quality score on a benchmark for testing out information retrieval so for testing out information retrieval so for testing out information retrieval so the higher you get the better your job the higher you get the better your job the higher you get the better your job you're doing at retrieval so I've given you're doing at retrieval so I've given you're doing at retrieval so I've given you the big map. So, I started helping you the big map. So, I started helping you the big map. So, I started helping you here by putting where BM25 is, you here by putting where BM25 is, you here by putting where BM25 is, right? You can see it's over to the right? You can see it's over to the right? You can see it's over to the right, right? It's one of the faster right, right? It's one of the faster right, right? It's one of the faster approaches as we talked about, but right approaches as we talked about, but right approaches as we talked about, but right in terms of retrieval quality, it's not in terms of retrieval quality, it's not in terms of retrieval quality, it's not necessarily the best. But look, necessarily the best. But look, necessarily the best. But look, is it is it the fastest? is it is it the fastest? is it is it the fastest? No. There's even a faster way that I No. There's even a faster way that I No. There's even a faster way that I want to show you, which is using static want to show you, which is using static want to show you, which is using static embeddings. What a static embedding is embeddings. What a static embedding is embeddings. What a static embedding is is is for every word is going to have a is is for every word is going to have a is is for every word is going to have a unique num numerical embedding. So this unique num numerical embedding. So this unique num numerical embedding. So this is very similar to older approaches like is very similar to older approaches like is very similar to older approaches like word tovec that you might have seen. So word tovec that you might have seen. So word tovec that you might have seen. So here for example the word happy the word here for example the word happy the word here for example the word happy the word joy has a kind of a meaning. You can run joy has a kind of a meaning. You can run joy has a kind of a meaning. You can run this really quickly. It's super fast. this really quickly. It's super fast. this really quickly. It's super fast. You can even run this on kind of CPUs. You can even run this on kind of CPUs. You can even run this on kind of CPUs. Now the downside of kind of using the Now the downside of kind of using the Now the downside of kind of using the static embeddings is many words have static embeddings is many words have static embeddings is many words have multiple meanings right like you have to multiple meanings right like you have to multiple meanings right like you have to look at the context to understand that look at the context to understand that look at the context to understand that and so this approach is going to lose and so this approach is going to lose and so this approach is going to lose out in some of those cases where that out in some of those cases where that out in some of those cases where that context matters for understanding the context matters for understanding the context matters for understanding the meaning here right so model for example meaning here right so model for example meaning here right so model for example can mean right a statistical model that can mean right a statistical model that can mean right a statistical model that most of us are used to in kind of AI and most of us are used to in kind of AI and most of us are used to in kind of AI and data science but if you're in fashion data science but if you're in fashion data science but if you're in fashion Right? Model has a very different Right? Model has a very different Right? Model has a very different meaning like that. So this is where the meaning like that. So this is where the meaning like that. So this is where the context matters and where our retrieval context matters and where our retrieval context matters and where our retrieval quality can suffer is because people ask quality can suffer is because people ask quality can suffer is because people ask questions um that have different ways. questions um that have different ways. questions um that have different ways. And this is where there's a lot more And this is where there's a lot more And this is where there's a lot more models that are available way over here models that are available way over here models that are available way over here to the left. And you can see some of the to the left. And you can see some of the to the left. And you can see some of the names out here. And they differ of names out here. And they differ of names out here. And they differ of course in retrieval quality. They differ course in retrieval quality. They differ course in retrieval quality. They differ in speed. Right? If you think about in speed. Right? If you think about in speed. Right? If you think about this, and we'll talk about why is this this, and we'll talk about why is this this, and we'll talk about why is this one way over here that's super super one way over here that's super super one way over here that's super super super slow. Well, and it's a bigger super slow. Well, and it's a bigger super slow. Well, and it's a bigger model takes a lot more compute to run. model takes a lot more compute to run. model takes a lot more compute to run. So now you're going to ask me, all So now you're going to ask me, all So now you're going to ask me, all right, so you got me a ton more models right, so you got me a ton more models right, so you got me a ton more models here. How am I going to figure out kind here. How am I going to figure out kind here. How am I going to figure out kind of which model to run? Well, the folks of which model to run? Well, the folks of which model to run? Well, the folks over at HuggingSpace hosts a couple of over at HuggingSpace hosts a couple of over at HuggingSpace hosts a couple of leaderboards. So this is the multi-ext leaderboards. So this is the multi-ext leaderboards. So this is the multi-ext embedding leaderboard. And now the embedding leaderboard. And now the embedding leaderboard. And now the retrieval embedding leaderboard that has retrieval embedding leaderboard that has retrieval embedding leaderboard that has hundreds of models out there. And I want hundreds of models out there. And I want hundreds of models out there. And I want to take a minute here and show you. I'm to take a minute here and show you. I'm to take a minute here and show you. I'm going to flip over on my web browser. going to flip over on my web browser. going to flip over on my web browser. This is what the front page of the This is what the front page of the This is what the front page of the leaderboard looks like. So here, for leaderboard looks like. So here, for leaderboard looks like. So here, for example, I'm looking at the multi- example, I'm looking at the multi- example, I'm looking at the multi- lingual part of the leaderboard. Um, lingual part of the leaderboard. Um, lingual part of the leaderboard. Um, you'll see there's many many models you'll see there's many many models you'll see there's many many models here. I think on the there's the order here. I think on the there's the order here. I think on the there's the order of like 300 models. And the great thing of like 300 models. And the great thing of like 300 models. And the great thing is is is not only do you get the basic is is is not only do you get the basic is is is not only do you get the basic characteristics what are the embedding characteristics what are the embedding characteristics what are the embedding dimensions what are the tokens of that dimensions what are the tokens of that dimensions what are the tokens of that but you get all this look over to the but you get all this look over to the but you get all this look over to the right you get all these scores here as right you get all these scores here as right you get all these scores here as well. So these are how this model well. So these are how this model well. So these are how this model performs on some public data sets that performs on some public data sets that performs on some public data sets that are out there and it gives us a rough are out there and it gives us a rough are out there and it gives us a rough gauge for being able to compare gauge for being able to compare gauge for being able to compare different models. And so this is where different models. And so this is where different models. And so this is where you can now pick the model that best you can now pick the model that best you can now pick the model that best kind of fits your use case. And as you kind of fits your use case. And as you kind of fits your use case. And as you would kind of explore this, you'll see would kind of explore this, you'll see would kind of explore this, you'll see that there's many different kinds of that there's many different kinds of that there's many different kinds of ways to kind of break up these these ways to kind of break up these these ways to kind of break up these these embedding models and look and find the embedding models and look and find the embedding models and look and find the right one. Recently, what what's right one. Recently, what what's right one. Recently, what what's happened is is we've they've introduced happened is is we've they've introduced happened is is we've they've introduced a new one here, the the retrieval a new one here, the the retrieval a new one here, the the retrieval embedding leaderboard. And I'm going to embedding leaderboard. And I'm going to embedding leaderboard. And I'm going to click on this one here. click on this one here. click on this one here. And with the retrieval embedding And with the retrieval embedding And with the retrieval embedding leaderboard, there it goes. The retrieval embedding there it goes. The retrieval embedding there it goes. The retrieval embedding leaderboard's a little bit different and leaderboard's a little bit different and leaderboard's a little bit different and it's going to have a subset. It doesn't it's going to have a subset. It doesn't it's going to have a subset. It doesn't have all the models yet, but it has one have all the models yet, but it has one have all the models yet, but it has one important difference. And the multi-ext important difference. And the multi-ext important difference. And the multi-ext embedding leaderboard all showed public embedding leaderboard all showed public embedding leaderboard all showed public data sets performance. What the data sets performance. What the data sets performance. What the retrieval embedding leaderboard is going retrieval embedding leaderboard is going retrieval embedding leaderboard is going to show is it shows performance on a to show is it shows performance on a to show is it shows performance on a private held out data set. And this is private held out data set. And this is private held out data set. And this is important because this keeps us from important because this keeps us from important because this keeps us from keeps people from kind of gaming the keeps people from kind of gaming the keeps people from kind of gaming the system and maybe training on the exact system and maybe training on the exact system and maybe training on the exact same data that's there. Unfortunately, same data that's there. Unfortunately, same data that's there. Unfortunately, this thing is taking forever to load this thing is taking forever to load this thing is taking forever to load today. Um, like that. So, let me stop today. Um, like that. So, let me stop today. Um, like that. So, let me stop and wait for it to load. And there you can see that you can see And there you can see that you can see And there you can see that you can see the private scores right here for that the private scores right here for that the private scores right here for that leaderboard as well. Now there's a ton leaderboard as well. Now there's a ton leaderboard as well. Now there's a ton of tools here that you can use to help of tools here that you can use to help of tools here that you can use to help kind of look at the leaderboards to kind of look at the leaderboards to kind of look at the leaderboards to figure out kind of what's important like figure out kind of what's important like figure out kind of what's important like that. that. that. One of the things that often comes into One of the things that often comes into One of the things that often comes into mind for as you're picking these is the mind for as you're picking these is the mind for as you're picking these is the size of the model of the size of the size of the model of the size of the size of the model of the size of the model because the size of the model will model because the size of the model will model because the size of the model will directly have to do with compute. Now, directly have to do with compute. Now, directly have to do with compute. Now, when I when I do this in in in a when I when I do this in in in a when I when I do this in in in a classroom setting or a workshop, I have classroom setting or a workshop, I have classroom setting or a workshop, I have a little more fun. But what I want to a little more fun. But what I want to a little more fun. But what I want to point out here is take a look here. point out here is take a look here. point out here is take a look here. You'll see that there's a bunch of You'll see that there's a bunch of You'll see that there's a bunch of models here that are all the same size, models here that are all the same size, models here that are all the same size, right? So, it takes the same amount of right? So, it takes the same amount of right? So, it takes the same amount of compute to run these models, but the compute to run these models, but the compute to run these models, but the performance over here on the mean performance over here on the mean performance over here on the mean differs. differs. differs. And the reason why and I'll give you one And the reason why and I'll give you one And the reason why and I'll give you one second if you want to pause and come up second if you want to pause and come up second if you want to pause and come up with your own explanation is the models with your own explanation is the models with your own explanation is the models have improved for the same size models have improved for the same size models have improved for the same size models people have evolved better training people have evolved better training people have evolved better training strategies for example improved strategies for example improved strategies for example improved architectures and so we have kind of a architectures and so we have kind of a architectures and so we have kind of a newer generation of models where we have newer generation of models where we have newer generation of models where we have a slight improvement um like that. So a slight improvement um like that. So a slight improvement um like that. So this is one of the great things we'll this is one of the great things we'll this is one of the great things we'll talk about here is these things are talk about here is these things are talk about here is these things are moving along as well. moving along as well. moving along as well. Now, as you start thinking about them, Now, as you start thinking about them, Now, as you start thinking about them, there's of course the accuracy of the there's of course the accuracy of the there's of course the accuracy of the models, how well they perform on the models, how well they perform on the models, how well they perform on the task, the latency and compute. All of task, the latency and compute. All of task, the latency and compute. All of these things are tied together. these things are tied together. these things are tied together. You'll want to think about, hey, is this You'll want to think about, hey, is this You'll want to think about, hey, is this an open source model? Can I go and an open source model? Can I go and an open source model? Can I go and quantize it maybe to get a little bit of quantize it maybe to get a little bit of quantize it maybe to get a little bit of extra speed? I'll think about the extra speed? I'll think about the extra speed? I'll think about the embedding dimension. Is this a small embedding dimension. Is this a small embedding dimension. Is this a small kind of embedding of 128 or is this kind kind of embedding of 128 or is this kind kind of embedding of 128 or is this kind of a gargantuan one? Because I'm going of a gargantuan one? Because I'm going of a gargantuan one? Because I'm going to have to manage and store all that to have to manage and store all that to have to manage and store all that stuff as well. When you're starting to stuff as well. When you're starting to stuff as well. When you're starting to look deeper into these models, you can look deeper into these models, you can look deeper into these models, you can look at, for example, some of them have look at, for example, some of them have look at, for example, some of them have trained differently, multilingual, for trained differently, multilingual, for trained differently, multilingual, for example, or maybe there's a specific example, or maybe there's a specific example, or maybe there's a specific domain. Maybe you're going to go and domain. Maybe you're going to go and domain. Maybe you're going to go and fine-tune the model. A lot of kind of fine-tune the model. A lot of kind of fine-tune the model. A lot of kind of different considerations that come into different considerations that come into different considerations that come into place like that. place like that. place like that. One kind of neat kind of innovation that One kind of neat kind of innovation that One kind of neat kind of innovation that I want to highlight here is these the I want to highlight here is these the I want to highlight here is these the matriosia embedding models where a lot matriosia embedding models where a lot matriosia embedding models where a lot of embedding models initially came with of embedding models initially came with of embedding models initially came with one dimension. So when you passed in one dimension. So when you passed in one dimension. So when you passed in your information out came one token one your information out came one token one your information out came one token one embedding um output of a fixed length. embedding um output of a fixed length. embedding um output of a fixed length. What the match should let us do is let What the match should let us do is let What the match should let us do is let us pick we can pick smaller lengths like us pick we can pick smaller lengths like us pick we can pick smaller lengths like that. So this can be more convenient for that. So this can be more convenient for that. So this can be more convenient for storage or for compute that we're doing storage or for compute that we're doing storage or for compute that we're doing but the models have been trained. So but the models have been trained. So but the models have been trained. So even if you go down to let's say 64 the even if you go down to let's say 64 the even if you go down to let's say 64 the retrieval quality is still high. I retrieval quality is still high. I retrieval quality is still high. I believe the open AI models also support believe the open AI models also support believe the open AI models also support this capability as well. this capability as well. this capability as well. So it's kind of an interesting thing I So it's kind of an interesting thing I So it's kind of an interesting thing I like to kind of highlight for folks um like to kind of highlight for folks um like to kind of highlight for folks um with these models. Now as you start with these models. Now as you start with these models. Now as you start using these models, one of the most using these models, one of the most using these models, one of the most dominant models you will see are dominant models you will see are dominant models you will see are sentence transformers for retrieval sentence transformers for retrieval sentence transformers for retrieval tasks. And these work great because if tasks. And these work great because if tasks. And these work great because if you think about most of the documents you think about most of the documents you think about most of the documents you write you you read that you're using you write you you read that you're using you write you you read that you're using for retrieval, they're probably all like for retrieval, they're probably all like for retrieval, they're probably all like written in sentences. Well, the sentence written in sentences. Well, the sentence written in sentences. Well, the sentence transformer has been drained to work transformer has been drained to work transformer has been drained to work with documents, not at like the with documents, not at like the with documents, not at like the individual token level, but in terms of individual token level, but in terms of individual token level, but in terms of sentences. So, it works a lot better sentences. So, it works a lot better sentences. So, it works a lot better kind of for retrieval. And you'll see kind of for retrieval. And you'll see kind of for retrieval. And you'll see these widely used inside of RAG systems these widely used inside of RAG systems these widely used inside of RAG systems like that. like that. like that. A second model you'll see is the cross A second model you'll see is the cross A second model you'll see is the cross encoder or often as we use it in rag, we encoder or often as we use it in rag, we encoder or often as we use it in rag, we often call it a reranker because that's often call it a reranker because that's often call it a reranker because that's the function it has inside there. And the function it has inside there. And the function it has inside there. And what the cross encoder does is it what the cross encoder does is it what the cross encoder does is it crosses two things. It crosses the crosses two things. It crosses the crosses two things. It crosses the incoming embedding that we have with the incoming embedding that we have with the incoming embedding that we have with the query that's coming in. So maybe your query that's coming in. So maybe your query that's coming in. So maybe your retriever found a bunch of chunks. We retriever found a bunch of chunks. We retriever found a bunch of chunks. We cross that chunk with the query. And cross that chunk with the query. And cross that chunk with the query. And what that does is you can use that cross what that does is you can use that cross what that does is you can use that cross encoder to get a score to see how encoder to get a score to see how encoder to get a score to see how similar they are. And what we do is similar they are. And what we do is similar they are. And what we do is we'll then use that to check each one of we'll then use that to check each one of we'll then use that to check each one of those embeddings. And that will often those embeddings. And that will often those embeddings. And that will often lead to a reranking stage where we find lead to a reranking stage where we find lead to a reranking stage where we find out the relationship of that query is a out the relationship of that query is a out the relationship of that query is a little bit better to some chunks. And little bit better to some chunks. And little bit better to some chunks. And what we can do is we can get a slight what we can do is we can get a slight what we can do is we can get a slight improvement in performance like that. So improvement in performance like that. So improvement in performance like that. So this is widely used um in that. And this is widely used um in that. And this is widely used um in that. And you'll see you typically get a little you'll see you typically get a little you'll see you typically get a little bit of a bump by using a reranker but bit of a bump by using a reranker but bit of a bump by using a reranker but like everything right it doesn't come like everything right it doesn't come like everything right it doesn't come for free. There's often kind of some for free. There's often kind of some for free. There's often kind of some type of latency gain. And again the type of latency gain. And again the type of latency gain. And again the numbers here I'm just to give you the numbers here I'm just to give you the numbers here I'm just to give you the ideas. You can of course pick re-rankers ideas. You can of course pick re-rankers ideas. You can of course pick re-rankers of different um that of different sizes of different um that of different sizes of different um that of different sizes and different kind of latency effects and different kind of latency effects and different kind of latency effects like that. like that. like that. Now I have a an example kind of collab Now I have a an example kind of collab Now I have a an example kind of collab demo that I taken from somebody else but demo that I taken from somebody else but demo that I taken from somebody else but it's a nice walkthrough to kind of give it's a nice walkthrough to kind of give it's a nice walkthrough to kind of give you a sense of like what the value is of you a sense of like what the value is of you a sense of like what the value is of a reranker how to kind of use one just a reranker how to kind of use one just a reranker how to kind of use one just all runs inside Google collab um for all runs inside Google collab um for all runs inside Google collab um for those who want to kind of play around those who want to kind of play around those who want to kind of play around with the code a little bit. Couple of with the code a little bit. Couple of with the code a little bit. Couple of other things. I work at Contextual. We other things. I work at Contextual. We other things. I work at Contextual. We launched an instruction following launched an instruction following launched an instruction following reranker. It is out there on hugging reranker. It is out there on hugging reranker. It is out there on hugging face. You can use it for free if you're face. You can use it for free if you're face. You can use it for free if you're in a company um that's for research, but in a company um that's for research, but in a company um that's for research, but if you want to actually use it, you got if you want to actually use it, you got if you want to actually use it, you got to pay for it. Um but the key thing here to pay for it. Um but the key thing here to pay for it. Um but the key thing here is it allows you to send an instruction is it allows you to send an instruction is it allows you to send an instruction or a prompt for how you want that or a prompt for how you want that or a prompt for how you want that ranking to happen. So you can prioritize ranking to happen. So you can prioritize ranking to happen. So you can prioritize different types of information. This different types of information. This different types of information. This gives you another kind of knob when gives you another kind of knob when gives you another kind of knob when you're thinking about these reranking you're thinking about these reranking you're thinking about these reranking models. Now, a lot of retrievers, I models. Now, a lot of retrievers, I models. Now, a lot of retrievers, I showed you a lot of methods before. showed you a lot of methods before. showed you a lot of methods before. Well, you know what? You don't have to Well, you know what? You don't have to Well, you know what? You don't have to use them by themselves. You can combine use them by themselves. You can combine use them by themselves. You can combine them. So, here, for example, you can see them. So, here, for example, you can see them. So, here, for example, you can see here some combinations of maybe I use here some combinations of maybe I use here some combinations of maybe I use BM25 with something else. Maybe I used BM25 with something else. Maybe I used BM25 with something else. Maybe I used E5 with the re-ranker. Or maybe, right, E5 with the re-ranker. Or maybe, right, E5 with the re-ranker. Or maybe, right, like you go crazy and I'm like, shove like you go crazy and I'm like, shove like you go crazy and I'm like, shove them. You put them all together, right? them. You put them all together, right? them. You put them all together, right? They did a fusion here and re-rank all They did a fusion here and re-rank all They did a fusion here and re-rank all the way, right? the way, right? the way, right? You can do that, but just remember, You can do that, but just remember, You can do that, but just remember, right, like you got to engineer this. right, like you got to engineer this. right, like you got to engineer this. You're going to have to pay for the You're going to have to pay for the You're going to have to pay for the compute. You're going to have to keep compute. You're going to have to keep compute. You're going to have to keep track of everything if you want to use track of everything if you want to use track of everything if you want to use multiples. But you have a lot of multiples. But you have a lot of multiples. But you have a lot of flexibility when it comes to these flexibility when it comes to these flexibility when it comes to these retrievers depending on your needs, retrievers depending on your needs, retrievers depending on your needs, right? Like if you look over at the right? Like if you look over at the right? Like if you look over at the folks at Kaggle, they'll do some crazy folks at Kaggle, they'll do some crazy folks at Kaggle, they'll do some crazy stuff like this. In a recent Kaggle stuff like this. In a recent Kaggle stuff like this. In a recent Kaggle competition, this person used three competition, this person used three competition, this person used three different rerankers to get to the final different rerankers to get to the final different rerankers to get to the final kind of list where they went from 64 to kind of list where they went from 64 to kind of list where they went from 64 to eight to five to rank the top five like eight to five to rank the top five like eight to five to rank the top five like that. So depending on what you need, that. So depending on what you need, that. So depending on what you need, there's a lot you can do against it. But there's a lot you can do against it. But there's a lot you can do against it. But my best practice always is my best practice always is my best practice always is use a hybrid search. So semantic and use a hybrid search. So semantic and use a hybrid search. So semantic and lexical, lexical, lexical, fuse those together, right? Reciprocal fuse those together, right? Reciprocal fuse those together, right? Reciprocal rank fusions easily out there. Pass it rank fusions easily out there. Pass it rank fusions easily out there. Pass it through a reranker. That's going to give through a reranker. That's going to give through a reranker. That's going to give you pretty good standard performance out you pretty good standard performance out you pretty good standard performance out of the box. And this is a great place as of the box. And this is a great place as of the box. And this is a great place as a baseline to set before you kind of a baseline to set before you kind of a baseline to set before you kind of jump into lots of alternative approaches jump into lots of alternative approaches jump into lots of alternative approaches um like that. um like that. um like that. So a lot of different families of models So a lot of different families of models So a lot of different families of models tried to cover all these. If not kind of tried to cover all these. If not kind of tried to cover all these. If not kind of send your questions and comments like send your questions and comments like send your questions and comments like that. And this is an area of course with that. And this is an area of course with that. And this is an area of course with embedding models where you see kind of embedding models where you see kind of embedding models where you see kind of newer embedding models coming out just newer embedding models coming out just newer embedding models coming out just in the last couple weeks. The folks over in the last couple weeks. The folks over in the last couple weeks. The folks over at John Hopkins, IBM, Google all at John Hopkins, IBM, Google all at John Hopkins, IBM, Google all released models. I would tell you though released models. I would tell you though released models. I would tell you though as a practitioner it there is a slight as a practitioner it there is a slight as a practitioner it there is a slight improvement enough where you want to use improvement enough where you want to use improvement enough where you want to use the latest models but like it's not a the latest models but like it's not a the latest models but like it's not a gamecher. I wouldn't like go rip up gamecher. I wouldn't like go rip up gamecher. I wouldn't like go rip up something you have to install kind of a something you have to install kind of a something you have to install kind of a newer model as well. So the improvements newer model as well. So the improvements newer model as well. So the improvements are very incremental at this point. Now are very incremental at this point. Now are very incremental at this point. Now there's a lot of other retrieval methods there's a lot of other retrieval methods there's a lot of other retrieval methods like I'm only taking like maybe an hour like I'm only taking like maybe an hour like I'm only taking like maybe an hour of time. We could easily do a six-hour of time. We could easily do a six-hour of time. We could easily do a six-hour workshop on everything in rag. So, workshop on everything in rag. So, workshop on everything in rag. So, splade for example is a very popular way splade for example is a very popular way splade for example is a very popular way for kind of sparse um sparse retrieval for kind of sparse um sparse retrieval for kind of sparse um sparse retrieval methods where what you do is you add a methods where what you do is you add a methods where what you do is you add a few other kind of related synonyms few other kind of related synonyms few other kind of related synonyms inside your inside your lexical search inside your inside your lexical search inside your inside your lexical search area at as a way to improve it. There's area at as a way to improve it. There's area at as a way to improve it. There's other things like coar which is named other things like coar which is named other things like coar which is named after the late night talk show host late after the late night talk show host late after the late night talk show host late interaction approach. There's graph rag interaction approach. There's graph rag interaction approach. There's graph rag where you spend a lot of time upfront where you spend a lot of time upfront where you spend a lot of time upfront like creating this whole graph network like creating this whole graph network like creating this whole graph network and all the entities relationships like and all the entities relationships like and all the entities relationships like there were some funny kind of tweets on there were some funny kind of tweets on there were some funny kind of tweets on X about like the fact that everybody X about like the fact that everybody X about like the fact that everybody talks about graph rag but nobody talks about graph rag but nobody talks about graph rag but nobody actually implements it or uses it. actually implements it or uses it. actually implements it or uses it. There's tons of other rag flavors out There's tons of other rag flavors out There's tons of other rag flavors out there. Will they work for your use case? there. Will they work for your use case? there. Will they work for your use case? Absolutely they may. But again like I'm Absolutely they may. But again like I'm Absolutely they may. But again like I'm giving you a good baseline. Use that as giving you a good baseline. Use that as giving you a good baseline. Use that as a starting point to decide like hey a starting point to decide like hey a starting point to decide like hey where are we lacking? Where are we where are we lacking? Where are we where are we lacking? Where are we failing? Will one of these methods kind failing? Will one of these methods kind failing? Will one of these methods kind of fit where the gaps are that we have of fit where the gaps are that we have of fit where the gaps are that we have like that before just start before just like that before just start before just like that before just start before just start following kind of the flavor of start following kind of the flavor of start following kind of the flavor of the week that you see out there. In the week that you see out there. In the week that you see out there. In terms of operational concerns, a couple terms of operational concerns, a couple terms of operational concerns, a couple of things I want to mention is there are of things I want to mention is there are of things I want to mention is there are optimized libraries for doing some of optimized libraries for doing some of optimized libraries for doing some of this stuff. So face for example from this stuff. So face for example from this stuff. So face for example from Facebook is widely used for kind of Facebook is widely used for kind of Facebook is widely used for kind of computing embeddings. computing embeddings. computing embeddings. The other thing is depending on the The other thing is depending on the The other thing is depending on the amount of embeddings you have, the amount of embeddings you have, the amount of embeddings you have, the amount of documents, you might be able amount of documents, you might be able amount of documents, you might be able to just store them in memory. For a lot to just store them in memory. For a lot to just store them in memory. For a lot of use cases, you can just buy a big of use cases, you can just buy a big of use cases, you can just buy a big processor, store them in memory, load processor, store them in memory, load processor, store them in memory, load them up, run what you need to like that. them up, run what you need to like that. them up, run what you need to like that. On the other hand, other use cases, On the other hand, other use cases, On the other hand, other use cases, you're like, I want a database. I want you're like, I want a database. I want you're like, I want a database. I want someplace I can manage that, be able to someplace I can manage that, be able to someplace I can manage that, be able to keep updates and do all of that. Sure, keep updates and do all of that. Sure, keep updates and do all of that. Sure, absolutely. And there's a ton of vector absolutely. And there's a ton of vector absolutely. And there's a ton of vector database options and I do not pretend to database options and I do not pretend to database options and I do not pretend to tell you kind of where to go in terms of tell you kind of where to go in terms of tell you kind of where to go in terms of that. I've linked one of the an article that. I've linked one of the an article that. I've linked one of the an article that I found in here. A big part of when that I found in here. A big part of when that I found in here. A big part of when you pick out vector databases is you pick out vector databases is you pick out vector databases is thinking about what is your latency thinking about what is your latency thinking about what is your latency requirements for that, right? Because requirements for that, right? Because requirements for that, right? Because that's going to govern the the kind of a that's going to govern the the kind of a that's going to govern the the kind of a choice of it. But a lot of the standard choice of it. But a lot of the standard choice of it. But a lot of the standard databases out there, the snowflakes of databases out there, the snowflakes of databases out there, the snowflakes of the world for example, now give you some the world for example, now give you some the world for example, now give you some way to kind of store your embeddings and way to kind of store your embeddings and way to kind of store your embeddings and vectors there as well. vectors there as well. vectors there as well. All right. Um, All right. Um, All right. Um, one other thing is is as you kind of one other thing is is as you kind of one other thing is is as you kind of when we talk about these retrieval when we talk about these retrieval when we talk about these retrieval methods, what we typically find is that methods, what we typically find is that methods, what we typically find is that as your information grows, as your information grows, as your information grows, your those retrieval methods, you're your those retrieval methods, you're your those retrieval methods, you're going to have to lean on much heavier going to have to lean on much heavier going to have to lean on much heavier for you. And this is one of the for you. And this is one of the for you. And this is one of the techniques I like to recommend to people techniques I like to recommend to people techniques I like to recommend to people to use as metadata. when you go from a to use as metadata. when you go from a to use as metadata. when you go from a thousand documents to a million thousand documents to a million thousand documents to a million documents, if you're not using something documents, if you're not using something documents, if you're not using something like metadata, so when you have a like metadata, so when you have a like metadata, so when you have a search, you can narrow down the scope, search, you can narrow down the scope, search, you can narrow down the scope, it's going to be very tough to be able it's going to be very tough to be able it's going to be very tough to be able to find and get your high accuracy like to find and get your high accuracy like to find and get your high accuracy like that. So yes, retrieval will go down as that. So yes, retrieval will go down as that. So yes, retrieval will go down as your data source goes up, but you can your data source goes up, but you can your data source goes up, but you can use strategies to help fight that back. use strategies to help fight that back. use strategies to help fight that back. All right, so now let's move into the All right, so now let's move into the All right, so now let's move into the exciting part. We've talked about exciting part. We've talked about exciting part. We've talked about traditional rag kind of oneshot traditional rag kind of oneshot traditional rag kind of oneshot approaches to be able to search. There's approaches to be able to search. There's approaches to be able to search. There's also now agentic rag where we use also now agentic rag where we use also now agentic rag where we use multiple ways multiple kind of calls to multiple ways multiple kind of calls to multiple ways multiple kind of calls to be able to do this. This all stemmed in be able to do this. This all stemmed in be able to do this. This all stemmed in just basically the last year really came just basically the last year really came just basically the last year really came to a head because now we have LM to a head because now we have LM to a head because now we have LM reasoning models that are capable of reasoning models that are capable of reasoning models that are capable of effectively using tools where they can effectively using tools where they can effectively using tools where they can use a tool to make a query look at the use a tool to make a query look at the use a tool to make a query look at the results that come back and go oh you results that come back and go oh you results that come back and go oh you know what maybe we should do it a know what maybe we should do it a know what maybe we should do it a different way like that. So that's been different way like that. So that's been different way like that. So that's been the radical change which to me has the radical change which to me has the radical change which to me has really brought this about. So I have a really brought this about. So I have a really brought this about. So I have a code snippet here. Agno for example is code snippet here. Agno for example is code snippet here. Agno for example is an open source library. They have an open source library. They have an open source library. They have examples of kind of reasoning agents examples of kind of reasoning agents examples of kind of reasoning agents like that. Um the basic kind of approach like that. Um the basic kind of approach like that. Um the basic kind of approach here is your query comes in, you're here is your query comes in, you're here is your query comes in, you're going to generate an answer and then you going to generate an answer and then you going to generate an answer and then you ask your LM did it answer the question ask your LM did it answer the question ask your LM did it answer the question or not? If not, it can rewrite the or not? If not, it can rewrite the or not? If not, it can rewrite the query, word it a little bit different, query, word it a little bit different, query, word it a little bit different, try to find that missing information, try to find that missing information, try to find that missing information, feed that back into the loop as well. feed that back into the loop as well. feed that back into the loop as well. And what ends up looking like something And what ends up looking like something And what ends up looking like something like this where it your model's thinking like this where it your model's thinking like this where it your model's thinking through the steps of what it needs to be through the steps of what it needs to be through the steps of what it needs to be able to do for each of those steps it able to do for each of those steps it able to do for each of those steps it will be like oh this is the query I need will be like oh this is the query I need will be like oh this is the query I need to make this is what this is the search to make this is what this is the search to make this is what this is the search information I need to based on those information I need to based on those information I need to based on those results it'll come back and that gives results it'll come back and that gives results it'll come back and that gives you to a nice response that takes a you to a nice response that takes a you to a nice response that takes a little bit longer but now is much more little bit longer but now is much more little bit longer but now is much more kind of searched across to be able to do kind of searched across to be able to do kind of searched across to be able to do this this this one of The big early categories of this one of The big early categories of this one of The big early categories of this was deep research. So the folks over at was deep research. So the folks over at was deep research. So the folks over at Langchain have an open source repo with Langchain have an open source repo with Langchain have an open source repo with their open deep research approach which their open deep research approach which their open deep research approach which again takes a similar approach. I mean again takes a similar approach. I mean again takes a similar approach. I mean they do some things like use a bunch of they do some things like use a bunch of they do some things like use a bunch of research sub agents to go out there and research sub agents to go out there and research sub agents to go out there and be able to kind of do get that do those be able to kind of do get that do those be able to kind of do get that do those retrievalss and then bring it all back retrievalss and then bring it all back retrievalss and then bring it all back together to write a report. You can together to write a report. You can together to write a report. You can check it out. They have they've made all check it out. They have they've made all check it out. They have they've made all the prompts all that stuff available. So the prompts all that stuff available. So the prompts all that stuff available. So it's good to see out. There's a whole it's good to see out. There's a whole it's good to see out. There's a whole school around this like actually doing school around this like actually doing school around this like actually doing this deep research where there's deep this deep research where there's deep this deep research where there's deep research bench which is a leaderboard in research bench which is a leaderboard in research bench which is a leaderboard in this space. Um it can get very expensive this space. Um it can get very expensive this space. Um it can get very expensive if you start running a lot of a lot of if you start running a lot of a lot of if you start running a lot of a lot of tasks on it. It's got a 100 PhD level tasks on it. It's got a 100 PhD level tasks on it. It's got a 100 PhD level research tasks. So it can cost a little research tasks. So it can cost a little research tasks. So it can cost a little bit of money for each of the queries to bit of money for each of the queries to bit of money for each of the queries to run. But if you're interested in this run. But if you're interested in this run. But if you're interested in this kind of deep research area and I already kind of deep research area and I already kind of deep research area and I already see companies out there um making out see companies out there um making out see companies out there um making out making solutions for this. I think the making solutions for this. I think the making solutions for this. I think the interesting thing on this one here is interesting thing on this one here is interesting thing on this one here is you pick the time that you want to think you pick the time that you want to think you pick the time that you want to think and that's often as we'll talk about and that's often as we'll talk about and that's often as we'll talk about here a crucial element when it comes to here a crucial element when it comes to here a crucial element when it comes to using this agentic search approaches. using this agentic search approaches. using this agentic search approaches. A widely used benchmark that I find A widely used benchmark that I find A widely used benchmark that I find interesting in this area is called interesting in this area is called interesting in this area is called bright and it's a benchmark that's built bright and it's a benchmark that's built bright and it's a benchmark that's built around retrieval reasoning. So you can around retrieval reasoning. So you can around retrieval reasoning. So you can see at the top here there's two examples see at the top here there's two examples see at the top here there's two examples of keyword and semantic. This isn't a of keyword and semantic. This isn't a of keyword and semantic. This isn't a benchmark that does that. There's other benchmark that does that. There's other benchmark that does that. There's other ones that does that. Instead, look at ones that does that. Instead, look at ones that does that. Instead, look at the examples that it's giving you. These the examples that it's giving you. These the examples that it's giving you. These are the types of questions that it wants are the types of questions that it wants are the types of questions that it wants to do where you have to do a little bit to do where you have to do a little bit to do where you have to do a little bit deeper kind of thinking through things deeper kind of thinking through things deeper kind of thinking through things to be able to solve the problems like to be able to solve the problems like to be able to solve the problems like this. So, it's an excellent benchmark this. So, it's an excellent benchmark this. So, it's an excellent benchmark out there. If we look and see what is out there. If we look and see what is out there. If we look and see what is the number one approach right now on the number one approach right now on the number one approach right now on this, its name is diver. And if you take this, its name is diver. And if you take this, its name is diver. And if you take a look at the diver diagram, a look at the diver diagram, a look at the diver diagram, it probably doesn't look that crazy to it probably doesn't look that crazy to it probably doesn't look that crazy to you if you're used to rag like right you you if you're used to rag like right you you if you're used to rag like right you see, oh wait a minute, right? There's a see, oh wait a minute, right? There's a see, oh wait a minute, right? There's a there's a chunking mechanism here. there's a chunking mechanism here. there's a chunking mechanism here. There's a retrieving mechanism here. Oh, There's a retrieving mechanism here. Oh, There's a retrieving mechanism here. Oh, there's a re-ranking mechanism here. And there's a re-ranking mechanism here. And there's a re-ranking mechanism here. And in fact, the number one I also looked at in fact, the number one I also looked at in fact, the number one I also looked at the number two approaches both use those the number two approaches both use those the number two approaches both use those same type of methodologies that we same type of methodologies that we same type of methodologies that we talked about for a baseline in this. talked about for a baseline in this. talked about for a baseline in this. Now, they've tweaked this, of course, Now, they've tweaked this, of course, Now, they've tweaked this, of course, around kind of the the reasoning pieces, around kind of the the reasoning pieces, around kind of the the reasoning pieces, but again, the elements that we've but again, the elements that we've but again, the elements that we've talked about of going out, finding talked about of going out, finding talked about of going out, finding information, chunking, finding information, chunking, finding information, chunking, finding information, re-ranking, but then just information, re-ranking, but then just information, re-ranking, but then just putting this into a loop is what's going putting this into a loop is what's going putting this into a loop is what's going on here. Um, and you can see here some on here. Um, and you can see here some on here. Um, and you can see here some of the examples of queries where, right, of the examples of queries where, right, of the examples of queries where, right, in the first round they have, hey, given in the first round they have, hey, given in the first round they have, hey, given a query, go look for this stuff. And a query, go look for this stuff. And a query, go look for this stuff. And now, right, based on what we've learned, now, right, based on what we've learned, now, right, based on what we've learned, now what do you think would be possibly now what do you think would be possibly now what do you think would be possibly helpful to do like that? And so this is helpful to do like that? And so this is helpful to do like that? And so this is hopefully gives you the schematic of how hopefully gives you the schematic of how hopefully gives you the schematic of how we can think about kind of a gentic rag we can think about kind of a gentic rag we can think about kind of a gentic rag where we're going to ask, hey, can we where we're going to ask, hey, can we where we're going to ask, hey, can we find a better answer? And look, there's find a better answer? And look, there's find a better answer? And look, there's been people doing this. This isn't brand been people doing this. This isn't brand been people doing this. This isn't brand new. There's things like self-rag where new. There's things like self-rag where new. There's things like self-rag where people have asked and had the models people have asked and had the models people have asked and had the models kind of reflect on the answers like kind of reflect on the answers like kind of reflect on the answers like that. I saw this on Reddit where that. I saw this on Reddit where that. I saw this on Reddit where somebody kind of shared out um hey how somebody kind of shared out um hey how somebody kind of shared out um hey how they built this system to do that. But they built this system to do that. But they built this system to do that. But one of the things you quickly find out one of the things you quickly find out one of the things you quickly find out is that these systems can be super is that these systems can be super is that these systems can be super inefficient. Right? They're asking the inefficient. Right? They're asking the inefficient. Right? They're asking the models to go back and retrieve rer models to go back and retrieve rer models to go back and retrieve rer and maybe it could have been done just a and maybe it could have been done just a and maybe it could have been done just a lot quicker. So this is right there's lot quicker. So this is right there's lot quicker. So this is right there's always a rub. This is the rub with these always a rub. This is the rub with these always a rub. This is the rub with these approaches is that long latency and the approaches is that long latency and the approaches is that long latency and the long agentic time. And in fact, this is long agentic time. And in fact, this is long agentic time. And in fact, this is uh kind of I ran this myself, right? I uh kind of I ran this myself, right? I uh kind of I ran this myself, right? I work at Contextual. We have kind of a work at Contextual. We have kind of a work at Contextual. We have kind of a RAD platform, lots of little settings. RAD platform, lots of little settings. RAD platform, lots of little settings. So I could kind of tweak it and play So I could kind of tweak it and play So I could kind of tweak it and play around with this. And I took Wix QA, around with this. And I took Wix QA, around with this. And I took Wix QA, which is publicly available. It's on which is publicly available. It's on which is publicly available. It's on HuggingFace. It's a technical support um HuggingFace. It's a technical support um HuggingFace. It's a technical support um technical support database uh technical technical support database uh technical technical support database uh technical support knowledge base. So that's the support knowledge base. So that's the support knowledge base. So that's the kind of question it has like a help desk kind of question it has like a help desk kind of question it has like a help desk questions and you can see when I had my questions and you can see when I had my questions and you can see when I had my kind of the one one one shot rag and I kind of the one one one shot rag and I kind of the one one one shot rag and I think this is like E5 with maybe a think this is like E5 with maybe a think this is like E5 with maybe a reanker I can't remember reanker I can't remember reanker I can't remember I could get answers really quick right 5 I could get answers really quick right 5 I could get answers really quick right 5 seconds or so it boom it pulls it back seconds or so it boom it pulls it back seconds or so it boom it pulls it back but in terms of factuality which is the but in terms of factuality which is the but in terms of factuality which is the benchmark they use on Wix QA like it's benchmark they use on Wix QA like it's benchmark they use on Wix QA like it's 76 like yeah it's pretty good but but 76 like yeah it's pretty good but but 76 like yeah it's pretty good but but it's missing a lot well then I wired in it's missing a lot well then I wired in it's missing a lot well then I wired in diagentic rag system where all I did was diagentic rag system where all I did was diagentic rag system where all I did was just asked it to reflect you know maybe just asked it to reflect you know maybe just asked it to reflect you know maybe do more retrieval calls if the answer do more retrieval calls if the answer do more retrieval calls if the answer wasn't complete wasn't complete wasn't complete and it would do more retrieval calls and and it would do more retrieval calls and and it would do more retrieval calls and you can see here it took a little bit you can see here it took a little bit you can see here it took a little bit longer in terms of thinking the numbers longer in terms of thinking the numbers longer in terms of thinking the numbers here don't fixate on the exact numbers here don't fixate on the exact numbers here don't fixate on the exact numbers there's a lot of wiggle room I just want there's a lot of wiggle room I just want there's a lot of wiggle room I just want to give you a sense of like a gentic rag to give you a sense of like a gentic rag to give you a sense of like a gentic rag takes a little bit longer to do that but takes a little bit longer to do that but takes a little bit longer to do that but on the other hand take a look at that on the other hand take a look at that on the other hand take a look at that accuracy that's crazy that's a look at accuracy that's crazy that's a look at accuracy that's crazy that's a look at that improvement there that has a ton of that improvement there that has a ton of that improvement there that has a ton of implications for that. I mean, one thing implications for that. I mean, one thing implications for that. I mean, one thing right away for me when I ran this is right away for me when I ran this is right away for me when I ran this is look now now anything that I'm missing look now now anything that I'm missing look now now anything that I'm missing that I'm not getting in this 007. I kind that I'm not getting in this 007. I kind that I'm not getting in this 007. I kind of wonder like even my smart system that of wonder like even my smart system that of wonder like even my smart system that took a while couldn't figure it out. took a while couldn't figure it out. took a while couldn't figure it out. Like what is going on with the last Like what is going on with the last Like what is going on with the last little bit here? But beyond that, look little bit here? But beyond that, look little bit here? But beyond that, look at the difference between the 0.93 and at the difference between the 0.93 and at the difference between the 0.93 and 76. So these were answers that I was 76. So these were answers that I was 76. So these were answers that I was able to figure out if I did multiple able to figure out if I did multiple able to figure out if I did multiple calls. On the other hand, right, these calls. On the other hand, right, these calls. On the other hand, right, these are all the the bottom ones here were are all the the bottom ones here were are all the the bottom ones here were all the ones I did the first time. So, all the ones I did the first time. So, all the ones I did the first time. So, there's a gap here that of answers that there's a gap here that of answers that there's a gap here that of answers that took a couple of calls to do. Well, why took a couple of calls to do. Well, why took a couple of calls to do. Well, why don't I take a look at those? Why don't don't I take a look at those? Why don't don't I take a look at those? Why don't I take a look at those types of queries, I take a look at those types of queries, I take a look at those types of queries, that type of material, and figure out that type of material, and figure out that type of material, and figure out why do they take multiple queries? Is why do they take multiple queries? Is why do they take multiple queries? Is there something about the way my there something about the way my there something about the way my documents are stored? Is there a way of documents are stored? Is there a way of documents are stored? Is there a way of how I've chunked the documents retrieval how I've chunked the documents retrieval how I've chunked the documents retrieval that I can modify so I could actually that I can modify so I could actually that I can modify so I could actually improve this oneshot rag and bring it up improve this oneshot rag and bring it up improve this oneshot rag and bring it up closer? Right? You can think of this now closer? Right? You can think of this now closer? Right? You can think of this now as like this is our new kind of baseline as like this is our new kind of baseline as like this is our new kind of baseline for what's possible. Right? This shows for what's possible. Right? This shows for what's possible. Right? This shows what's possible in the system. I can now what's possible in the system. I can now what's possible in the system. I can now up that up. So this really is is up that up. So this really is is up that up. So this really is is mind-blowing for me in a couple of mind-blowing for me in a couple of mind-blowing for me in a couple of different ways. Um like that. different ways. Um like that. different ways. Um like that. Now it's I'm not going to stop you Now it's I'm not going to stop you Now it's I'm not going to stop you there. So one of the things in the there. So one of the things in the there. So one of the things in the bright paper is they had this graph and bright paper is they had this graph and bright paper is they had this graph and I want to walk you through it. So over I want to walk you through it. So over I want to walk you through it. So over here they have Quen. So this is the Quen here they have Quen. So this is the Quen here they have Quen. So this is the Quen embedding models. So they're using the embedding models. So they're using the embedding models. So they're using the Quen embedding models with GPT4. So Quen embedding models with GPT4. So Quen embedding models with GPT4. So doing that same kind of retrieval loop doing that same kind of retrieval loop doing that same kind of retrieval loop that we've talked about to be able to that we've talked about to be able to that we've talked about to be able to find kind of answers. And you can see find kind of answers. And you can see find kind of answers. And you can see here's the quality. The higher the bar here's the quality. The higher the bar here's the quality. The higher the bar you get the better answer. So you can you get the better answer. So you can you get the better answer. So you can see right the Quinn model does okay. see right the Quinn model does okay. see right the Quinn model does okay. Right? It's much better than this espert Right? It's much better than this espert Right? It's much better than this espert model bottle over here or right the model bottle over here or right the model bottle over here or right the instant model does. But it gives you a instant model does. But it gives you a instant model does. But it gives you a sense of like the quality of what we're sense of like the quality of what we're sense of like the quality of what we're getting. But wait a minute, what's this getting. But wait a minute, what's this getting. But wait a minute, what's this other crazy model over here? This BM25. other crazy model over here? This BM25. other crazy model over here? This BM25. Take a look. It does better than the Take a look. It does better than the Take a look. It does better than the Quen. This is crazy, right? Like our Quen. This is crazy, right? Like our Quen. This is crazy, right? Like our good old keyword baseline. good old keyword baseline. good old keyword baseline. There's just the language model because There's just the language model because There's just the language model because it can rewrite the queries, right? like it can rewrite the queries, right? like it can rewrite the queries, right? like it doesn't need an embedding model to it doesn't need an embedding model to it doesn't need an embedding model to figure out the semantic variation figure out the semantic variation figure out the semantic variation because it can just rewrite that into because it can just rewrite that into because it can just rewrite that into different semantic ones and re-query different semantic ones and re-query different semantic ones and re-query re-query like that and it actually does re-query like that and it actually does re-query like that and it actually does better than the quen embedding model better than the quen embedding model better than the quen embedding model like I saw this in the graph and like I saw this in the graph and like I saw this in the graph and immediately I was like research team immediately I was like research team immediately I was like research team like like this is this is something we like like this is this is something we like like this is this is something we need to dive into and I even ran my own need to dive into and I even ran my own need to dive into and I even ran my own benchmarks like this on a couple of the benchmarks like this on a couple of the benchmarks like this on a couple of the data sets we have the Wix QA and then I data sets we have the Wix QA and then I data sets we have the Wix QA and then I we have an internal financial data set we have an internal financial data set we have an internal financial data set of 10ks and you know what like When I of 10ks and you know what like When I of 10ks and you know what like When I ran this with just BM25, ran this with just BM25, ran this with just BM25, it still did a lot better than one shot it still did a lot better than one shot it still did a lot better than one shot and it still got pretty close to kind of and it still got pretty close to kind of and it still got pretty close to kind of the Aentic rag. And this is all just out the Aentic rag. And this is all just out the Aentic rag. And this is all just out of the box. I've not tuned or tried to of the box. I've not tuned or tried to of the box. I've not tuned or tried to make this improve this thing in any way. make this improve this thing in any way. make this improve this thing in any way. This is just the raw performance. But This is just the raw performance. But This is just the raw performance. But this blows me away, right? Like now this this blows me away, right? Like now this this blows me away, right? Like now this tells me I don't need to use that neural tells me I don't need to use that neural tells me I don't need to use that neural network model, the the semantic model, network model, the the semantic model, network model, the the semantic model, all that stuff, those embeddings, vector all that stuff, those embeddings, vector all that stuff, those embeddings, vector databases. is I could throw all that databases. is I could throw all that databases. is I could throw all that away. I could just stick this in a away. I could just stick this in a away. I could just stick this in a textonly database and use BM25 and get a textonly database and use BM25 and get a textonly database and use BM25 and get a do a pretty good job of being able to do a pretty good job of being able to do a pretty good job of being able to find the right answers consistently, find the right answers consistently, find the right answers consistently, right? These are in across different right? These are in across different right? These are in across different domains. So for me, this is a real domains. So for me, this is a real domains. So for me, this is a real gamecher. gamecher. gamecher. Now there is the downside, right? Now there is the downside, right? Now there is the downside, right? There's that latency cost, right? Like There's that latency cost, right? Like There's that latency cost, right? Like you're lots of times you're going to you're lots of times you're going to you're lots of times you're going to need one shot. People are going to need need one shot. People are going to need need one shot. People are going to need an answer in three or five seconds or an answer in three or five seconds or an answer in three or five seconds or they're going to leave your website or they're going to leave your website or they're going to leave your website or they're going to be unhappy. There's they're going to be unhappy. There's they're going to be unhappy. There's plenty of room, many use cases for plenty of room, many use cases for plenty of room, many use cases for singleshot rag. It's not going away in singleshot rag. It's not going away in singleshot rag. It's not going away in any way like that. But, you know, if the any way like that. But, you know, if the any way like that. But, you know, if the accuracy matters, if people can wait, accuracy matters, if people can wait, accuracy matters, if people can wait, this aentic rag is really going to this aentic rag is really going to this aentic rag is really going to change things. And you already see it change things. And you already see it change things. And you already see it being used in terms of like things like being used in terms of like things like being used in terms of like things like clawed code for example uses a lexical clawed code for example uses a lexical clawed code for example uses a lexical approach, an iterative approach for its approach, an iterative approach for its approach, an iterative approach for its um for its approach. And part of that is um for its approach. And part of that is um for its approach. And part of that is it's doing code search, which is a it's doing code search, which is a it's doing code search, which is a little bit different. code doesn't have little bit different. code doesn't have little bit different. code doesn't have the same kind of semantic properties the same kind of semantic properties the same kind of semantic properties that conventional documents do. So, it's that conventional documents do. So, it's that conventional documents do. So, it's always been a little weird for using it always been a little weird for using it always been a little weird for using it for search, but still it's another sign for search, but still it's another sign for search, but still it's another sign that, you know, hey, maybe we can use that, you know, hey, maybe we can use that, you know, hey, maybe we can use these agentic approaches um to be able these agentic approaches um to be able these agentic approaches um to be able to do stuff. to do stuff. to do stuff. Now, as we're doing this, I like to keep Now, as we're doing this, I like to keep Now, as we're doing this, I like to keep you all practically minded. This is you all practically minded. This is you all practically minded. This is where we talk about tradeoffs, but you where we talk about tradeoffs, but you where we talk about tradeoffs, but you know what? These things can work know what? These things can work know what? These things can work together, too. So, I saw this um paper together, too. So, I saw this um paper together, too. So, I saw this um paper by Door Dash where they talked about by Door Dash where they talked about by Door Dash where they talked about their guardrail system. And what I liked their guardrail system. And what I liked their guardrail system. And what I liked is it showed a two-tier system where it is it showed a two-tier system where it is it showed a two-tier system where it showed two different methods working showed two different methods working showed two different methods working together. It uses a very simple text together. It uses a very simple text together. It uses a very simple text similarity similarity similarity as an initial guardrail. If that as an initial guardrail. If that as an initial guardrail. If that guardrail works great, that's great. If guardrail works great, that's great. If guardrail works great, that's great. If not, they can always kick it over to an not, they can always kick it over to an not, they can always kick it over to an LLM, but they use the LM as a backup, LLM, but they use the LM as a backup, LLM, but they use the LM as a backup, right? It's not the primary. It's it's right? It's not the primary. It's it's right? It's not the primary. It's it's more of like a difficult cases. And I more of like a difficult cases. And I more of like a difficult cases. And I like this type of thinking because it like this type of thinking because it like this type of thinking because it better takes advantage of the relevant better takes advantage of the relevant better takes advantage of the relevant kind of advances ad trade-offs of these kind of advances ad trade-offs of these kind of advances ad trade-offs of these different types of approaches. Um different types of approaches. Um different types of approaches. Um there's an here's an example if you want there's an here's an example if you want there's an here's an example if you want to play around with agents. There's lots to play around with agents. There's lots to play around with agents. There's lots of agent um ones out there, but just of agent um ones out there, but just of agent um ones out there, but just wanted to give people um a little sense wanted to give people um a little sense wanted to give people um a little sense of that. All right. Thank you all. I of that. All right. Thank you all. I of that. All right. Thank you all. I going through this. Hopefully, I've going through this. Hopefully, I've going through this. Hopefully, I've given you some sense of like thinking given you some sense of like thinking given you some sense of like thinking about these trade-offs, you know, right about these trade-offs, you know, right about these trade-offs, you know, right based on kind of these trade-offs. Maybe based on kind of these trade-offs. Maybe based on kind of these trade-offs. Maybe if you have like a high cost of mistakes if you have like a high cost of mistakes if you have like a high cost of mistakes or really, right, you don't want to make or really, right, you don't want to make or really, right, you don't want to make mistakes. You have the budget for it, mistakes. You have the budget for it, mistakes. You have the budget for it, maybe a reranker could make sense. On maybe a reranker could make sense. On maybe a reranker could make sense. On the other hand, right, maybe maybe the other hand, right, maybe maybe the other hand, right, maybe maybe you're like, "Hey, Raj, you know, I need you're like, "Hey, Raj, you know, I need you're like, "Hey, Raj, you know, I need sub 5 seconds, sub 1 second latency." sub 5 seconds, sub 1 second latency." sub 5 seconds, sub 1 second latency." So, maybe you're like, "Hey, I'm going So, maybe you're like, "Hey, I'm going So, maybe you're like, "Hey, I'm going to try out that BM25 or static to try out that BM25 or static to try out that BM25 or static embeddings." Maybe your users are doing embeddings." Maybe your users are doing embeddings." Maybe your users are doing complex multihop queries. So, a gentic complex multihop queries. So, a gentic complex multihop queries. So, a gentic rag is a better better fit like that. rag is a better better fit like that. rag is a better better fit like that. Um, but hopefully I've gone through Um, but hopefully I've gone through Um, but hopefully I've gone through given you a little bit of a cert given you a little bit of a cert given you a little bit of a cert checklist here for kind of good starting checklist here for kind of good starting checklist here for kind of good starting points for kind of building out your rag points for kind of building out your rag points for kind of building out your rag systems like that. I'm going to end it systems like that. I'm going to end it systems like that. I'm going to end it here. When I do this in person, I ask a here. When I do this in person, I ask a here. When I do this in person, I ask a lot of questions. We walk through other lot of questions. We walk through other lot of questions. We walk through other parts of the rag platform as well. But parts of the rag platform as well. But parts of the rag platform as well. But thank you all.
