And I want to start with this latest And I want to start with this latest And I want to start with this latest raise from Anthropic. I mean, when you raise from Anthropic. I mean, when you raise from Anthropic. I mean, when you think about the two biggest names or think about the two biggest names or think about the two biggest names or among the two biggest names in like among the two biggest names in like among the two biggest names in like independent companies, uh I don't want independent companies, uh I don't want independent companies, uh I don't want to call them startups, but independent to call them startups, but independent to call them startups, but independent LLMs right now, no question it's LLMs right now, no question it's LLMs right now, no question it's Anthropic's Claude and OpenAI's ChatGPT. Anthropic's Claude and OpenAI's ChatGPT. Anthropic's Claude and OpenAI's ChatGPT. How does this raise change the game at How does this raise change the game at How does this raise change the game at least when it comes to this horse race? least when it comes to this horse race? least when it comes to this horse race? Yeah, well, will it change the game and Yeah, well, will it change the game and Yeah, well, will it change the game and and does it adjust positioning on a and does it adjust positioning on a and does it adjust positioning on a horse race? The the reality is like what horse race? The the reality is like what horse race? The the reality is like what we're talking about is is frontier labs we're talking about is is frontier labs we're talking about is is frontier labs that are now um at scale. So, Anthropic that are now um at scale. So, Anthropic that are now um at scale. So, Anthropic is raising billion dollars at a $380 is raising billion dollars at a $380 is raising billion dollars at a $380 billion valuation, billion valuation, billion valuation, um almost sort of double the the um almost sort of double the the um almost sort of double the the valuation that it held in its last valuation that it held in its last valuation that it held in its last primary raise. It it's probably one way primary raise. It it's probably one way primary raise. It it's probably one way you want to look at who's participating, you want to look at who's participating, you want to look at who's participating, right? And it is a who's who of right? And it is a who's who of right? And it is a who's who of institutional investors and the kind of institutional investors and the kind of institutional investors and the kind of top-tier venture capital firms that you top-tier venture capital firms that you top-tier venture capital firms that you would expect when a company gets later would expect when a company gets later would expect when a company gets later stage and is thinking about in the near stage and is thinking about in the near stage and is thinking about in the near to medium term going public, right? So, to medium term going public, right? So, to medium term going public, right? So, uh GIC, uh Singapore's sovereign wealth uh GIC, uh Singapore's sovereign wealth uh GIC, uh Singapore's sovereign wealth fund, Coatue, fund, Coatue, fund, Coatue, um then you have uh D.E. Shaw, um then you have uh D.E. Shaw, um then you have uh D.E. Shaw, Dragoneer, Founders Fund, Peter Thiel's Dragoneer, Founders Fund, Peter Thiel's Dragoneer, Founders Fund, Peter Thiel's Founders Fund, I call iconic, MGX uh Founders Fund, I call iconic, MGX uh Founders Fund, I call iconic, MGX uh from the Middle East, Sequoia Capital, from the Middle East, Sequoia Capital, from the Middle East, Sequoia Capital, and then the strategics, Nvidia and and then the strategics, Nvidia and and then the strategics, Nvidia and Microsoft. Uh all of that signals, you Microsoft. Uh all of that signals, you Microsoft. Uh all of that signals, you know, know, know, deeper ties between the AI industry, but deeper ties between the AI industry, but deeper ties between the AI industry, but also preparing for life maybe as a also preparing for life maybe as a also preparing for life maybe as a public company. public company. public company. &gt;&gt; And they're making tons and tons of &gt;&gt; And they're making tons and tons of &gt;&gt; And they're making tons and tons of money, right? Or wait, is that a stupid money, right? Or wait, is that a stupid money, right? Or wait, is that a stupid question? And is it more important to question? And is it more important to question? And is it more important to really just understand what Anthropic's really just understand what Anthropic's really just understand what Anthropic's secret sauce is here to garner such a secret sauce is here to garner such a secret sauce is here to garner such a valuation? So, I you know, I I find valuation? So, I you know, I I find valuation? So, I you know, I I find Anthropic a very interesting company to Anthropic a very interesting company to Anthropic a very interesting company to cover and and speak to in recent years. cover and and speak to in recent years. cover and and speak to in recent years. Um revenue run rate was about $9 billion Um revenue run rate was about $9 billion Um revenue run rate was about $9 billion last year. It's climbed to $14 billion. last year. It's climbed to $14 billion. last year. It's climbed to $14 billion. They focus very early on putting the the They focus very early on putting the the They focus very early on putting the the Claude model into product form for Claude model into product form for Claude model into product form for enterprises, letting all kinds of enterprises, letting all kinds of enterprises, letting all kinds of companies across software, financial companies across software, financial companies across software, financial services, health care do something services, health care do something services, health care do something tangibly useful. And they were less tangibly useful. And they were less tangibly useful. And they were less concerned about the consumer ala chat concerned about the consumer ala chat concerned about the consumer ala chat GPT, right? It's not really that GPT, right? It's not really that GPT, right? It's not really that equivalent. Now, on the capital side, equivalent. Now, on the capital side, equivalent. Now, on the capital side, clearly they're raising capital at a clearly they're raising capital at a clearly they're raising capital at a high level and they'll have compute high level and they'll have compute high level and they'll have compute costs and talent costs, but they've also costs and talent costs, but they've also costs and talent costs, but they've also done things differently to how OpenAI done things differently to how OpenAI done things differently to how OpenAI has done, right? So, OpenAI is trying to has done, right? So, OpenAI is trying to has done, right? So, OpenAI is trying to raise this $100 billion round, be raise this $100 billion round, be raise this $100 billion round, be directly involved in funding some of its directly involved in funding some of its directly involved in funding some of its own infrastructure. Anthropic has been own infrastructure. Anthropic has been own infrastructure. Anthropic has been very closely aligned with the very closely aligned with the very closely aligned with the hyperscalers, both um Amazon and with uh hyperscalers, both um Amazon and with uh hyperscalers, both um Amazon and with uh Google Cloud Platform to basically get Google Cloud Platform to basically get Google Cloud Platform to basically get access to compute through credits and access to compute through credits and access to compute through credits and and leasing, have a more I don't want to and leasing, have a more I don't want to and leasing, have a more I don't want to call it capital-light model cuz like call it capital-light model cuz like call it capital-light model cuz like there's a lot of capital that they're there's a lot of capital that they're there's a lot of capital that they're raising, but it but it's slightly raising, but it but it's slightly raising, but it but it's slightly different how they've gone about it. different how they've gone about it. different how they've gone about it. You know, the Microsoft portion of this You know, the Microsoft portion of this You know, the Microsoft portion of this it gets gets my interest. I mean, there it gets gets my interest. I mean, there it gets gets my interest. I mean, there was the November announcement about was the November announcement about was the November announcement about Microsoft and Nvidia and the Anthropic Microsoft and Nvidia and the Anthropic Microsoft and Nvidia and the Anthropic partnership, but we can't forget that uh partnership, but we can't forget that uh partnership, but we can't forget that uh OpenAI has been the recipient of what, OpenAI has been the recipient of what, OpenAI has been the recipient of what, $20 billion $20 billion $20 billion of or rather of many billions of dollars of or rather of many billions of dollars of or rather of many billions of dollars of um of um of um Microsoft money. I mean, Microsoft is is Microsoft money. I mean, Microsoft is is Microsoft money. I mean, Microsoft is is one of OpenAI's largest backers. Yeah. one of OpenAI's largest backers. Yeah. one of OpenAI's largest backers. Yeah. How does that work? How does that work? How does that work? &gt;&gt; know, it's circular financing. Is it &gt;&gt; know, it's circular financing. Is it &gt;&gt; know, it's circular financing. Is it circular financing? You know, like there circular financing? You know, like there circular financing? You know, like there there there are two memes you can go there there are two memes you can go there there are two memes you can go with. You can go with the one from from with. You can go with the one from from with. You can go with the one from from Always Sunny in Philadelphia like all Always Sunny in Philadelphia like all Always Sunny in Philadelphia like all the strings like trying to connect the strings like trying to connect the strings like trying to connect everyone, or you can go with the everyone, or you can go with the everyone, or you can go with the Spider-Man meme where there's like three Spider-Man meme where there's like three Spider-Man meme where there's like three Spider-Men all pointing at each other. Spider-Men all pointing at each other. Spider-Men all pointing at each other. And the reason I would go with the the And the reason I would go with the the And the reason I would go with the the latter one is, you know, more recently latter one is, you know, more recently latter one is, you know, more recently Microsoft has looked closer at Microsoft has looked closer at Microsoft has looked closer at Anthropic's technology internally um how Anthropic's technology internally um how Anthropic's technology internally um how they use Claude as underpinnings for they use Claude as underpinnings for they use Claude as underpinnings for existing Microsoft software suites. existing Microsoft software suites. existing Microsoft software suites. Microsoft, of course, also built a lot Microsoft, of course, also built a lot Microsoft, of course, also built a lot on top of um uh OpenAI and GPT on top of um uh OpenAI and GPT on top of um uh OpenAI and GPT generations. So, you know, that that generations. So, you know, that that generations. So, you know, that that line has become blurred. Initially, the line has become blurred. Initially, the line has become blurred. Initially, the story was very much Anthropic and Amazon story was very much Anthropic and Amazon story was very much Anthropic and Amazon AWS. And one area that both of those AWS. And one area that both of those AWS. And one area that both of those companies found success together is AWS companies found success together is AWS companies found success together is AWS has a platform called Bedrock where you has a platform called Bedrock where you has a platform called Bedrock where you can either train model or build on top can either train model or build on top can either train model or build on top of existing models. It's like a you of existing models. It's like a you of existing models. It's like a you know, a platform and library. And that know, a platform and library. And that know, a platform and library. And that was a really good sales channel for was a really good sales channel for was a really good sales channel for Anthropic. Um now, you see all of the Anthropic. Um now, you see all of the Anthropic. Um now, you see all of the the the the frontier model uh makers the the the frontier model uh makers the the the frontier model uh makers labs, their models are available in all labs, their models are available in all labs, their models are available in all kinds of places and it's become much kinds of places and it's become much kinds of places and it's become much more blurred. Um more blurred. Um more blurred. Um this raise participation from Nvidia and this raise participation from Nvidia and this raise participation from Nvidia and Microsoft, like not surprising um Microsoft, like not surprising um Microsoft, like not surprising um as much probably from Nvidia's as much probably from Nvidia's as much probably from Nvidia's perspective is about supporting an perspective is about supporting an perspective is about supporting an ecosystem as well.
