Okay, good afternoon, good morning or Okay, good afternoon, good morning or Okay, good afternoon, good morning or good evening wherever you are joining good evening wherever you are joining good evening wherever you are joining from the world. So, welcome to today's from the world. So, welcome to today's from the world. So, welcome to today's session of Gemini and excels. Uh this is session of Gemini and excels. Uh this is session of Gemini and excels. Uh this is our last second session which is our last second session which is our last second session which is orchestrating uh multi- aent swarm uh orchestrating uh multi- aent swarm uh orchestrating uh multi- aent swarm uh with Dr. AI. She is a lecturer of KMUTT with Dr. AI. She is a lecturer of KMUTT with Dr. AI. She is a lecturer of KMUTT Thailand and also a Google developer Thailand and also a Google developer Thailand and also a Google developer expert in AI. So Gemini Nexus uh the expert in AI. So Gemini Nexus uh the expert in AI. So Gemini Nexus uh the agent verse is organized by Google agent verse is organized by Google agent verse is organized by Google developer group on campus UTM and developer group on campus UTM and developer group on campus UTM and strategic partner with Google developer strategic partner with Google developer strategic partner with Google developer group Georgetown. So without further ado group Georgetown. So without further ado group Georgetown. So without further ado let's pass the floor to doctor. So let's pass the floor to doctor. So let's pass the floor to doctor. So welcome Dr. welcome Dr. welcome Dr. &gt;&gt; Thank you Samir for your kind &gt;&gt; Thank you Samir for your kind &gt;&gt; Thank you Samir for your kind introduction. Good morning good introduction. Good morning good introduction. Good morning good afternoon and good evening everyone and afternoon and good evening everyone and afternoon and good evening everyone and I would like to thank you for joining I would like to thank you for joining I would like to thank you for joining session today. Uh, it's my pleasure to session today. Uh, it's my pleasure to session today. Uh, it's my pleasure to be back on the GDG UTM again. Let me share the screen Let me share the screen Let me share the screen and I will share the slide with the and I will share the slide with the and I will share the slide with the participants participants participants so you guys can check it out. All right. So today um I will be conducting right. So today um I will be conducting right. So today um I will be conducting the workshop with agent development kit the workshop with agent development kit the workshop with agent development kit ADK. This is going to be very beginner ADK. This is going to be very beginner ADK. This is going to be very beginner friendly workshop regarding how to build friendly workshop regarding how to build friendly workshop regarding how to build multi- aent system using uh ADK multi- aent system using uh ADK multi- aent system using uh ADK framework. So I would like to know if framework. So I would like to know if framework. So I would like to know if there is anyone here already familiar there is anyone here already familiar there is anyone here already familiar with ADK with ADK with ADK or is it your first time? Ah okay. We or is it your first time? Ah okay. We or is it your first time? Ah okay. We have some participants already familiar have some participants already familiar have some participants already familiar with ADK. Okay. Okay. Good. Good. And is with ADK. Okay. Okay. Good. Good. And is with ADK. Okay. Okay. Good. Good. And is there anyone who is like uh first time there anyone who is like uh first time there anyone who is like uh first time going to be using ADK? Okay, we also have a first timer as Okay, we also have a first timer as Okay, we also have a first timer as well. So welcome to the workshop. So I well. So welcome to the workshop. So I well. So welcome to the workshop. So I am a uh I am a lecturer from Kimiko am a uh I am a lecturer from Kimiko am a uh I am a lecturer from Kimiko University of Technology Tombburi, University of Technology Tombburi, University of Technology Tombburi, Bangkok. So if you happen to be in Bangkok. So if you happen to be in Bangkok. So if you happen to be in Bangalore uh don't forget to say hi to Bangalore uh don't forget to say hi to Bangalore uh don't forget to say hi to me. So I teach uh data structure database So I teach uh data structure database So I teach uh data structure database and MLRS in my university and my main and MLRS in my university and my main and MLRS in my university and my main research focus is uh oh can you hear me research focus is uh oh can you hear me research focus is uh oh can you hear me well? well? well? uh Crystal. uh Crystal. uh Crystal. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Good. So, my main research focus is low Good. So, my main research focus is low Good. So, my main research focus is low resource natural language processing and resource natural language processing and resource natural language processing and multimodel AI. You can reach out to me multimodel AI. You can reach out to me multimodel AI. You can reach out to me via email or like LinkedIn if you have via email or like LinkedIn if you have via email or like LinkedIn if you have any questions regarding today's any questions regarding today's any questions regarding today's presentation or future research presentation or future research presentation or future research collaborations. So I believe many of you already like So I believe many of you already like So I believe many of you already like hearing the word agents these day agent hearing the word agents these day agent hearing the word agents these day agent agent agent. So how do we beat agents on agent agent. So how do we beat agents on agent agent. So how do we beat agents on our own? So we can beat our own agent our own? So we can beat our own agent our own? So we can beat our own agent very easily with ADK framework. So AJ is very easily with ADK framework. So AJ is very easily with ADK framework. So AJ is basically a computer program that can basically a computer program that can basically a computer program that can automate your attacks. uh they can plan, automate your attacks. uh they can plan, automate your attacks. uh they can plan, they can execute, they can execute, they can execute, um they can talk um they can talk um they can talk everything they can code. So let's see what are the main So let's see what are the main So let's see what are the main components of agents. So when we talk components of agents. So when we talk components of agents. So when we talk about agent, there are two main about agent, there are two main about agent, there are two main components. The first one is the model. components. The first one is the model. components. The first one is the model. The model we are using as the brain of The model we are using as the brain of The model we are using as the brain of the agent. uh it can be any uh large the agent. uh it can be any uh large the agent. uh it can be any uh large language model or vision language model language model or vision language model language model or vision language model such as Gemini, Gemma, Quen, Elmer and such as Gemini, Gemma, Quen, Elmer and such as Gemini, Gemma, Quen, Elmer and so on. And then the agent can have the so on. And then the agent can have the so on. And then the agent can have the tools that can access to the tools that can access to the tools that can access to the real world such as for the external real world such as for the external real world such as for the external knowledge for example it could be like knowledge for example it could be like knowledge for example it could be like API database or your own documents API database or your own documents API database or your own documents anything. So we can anything. So we can anything. So we can call them as tools. So we have model and call them as tools. So we have model and call them as tools. So we have model and tools in order to build the AI system. So like I said before in terms of model So like I said before in terms of model So like I said before in terms of model it can be anything any uh language model it can be anything any uh language model it can be anything any uh language model or visual language model and we can ask or visual language model and we can ask or visual language model and we can ask the agent to perform the text on behalf the agent to perform the text on behalf the agent to perform the text on behalf of us for example like we can ask the of us for example like we can ask the of us for example like we can ask the agent to execute the mathematic problem agent to execute the mathematic problem agent to execute the mathematic problem to plan the trip and to write the code to plan the trip and to write the code to plan the trip and to write the code for test and so on. The input could be for test and so on. The input could be for test and so on. The input could be anything. Normally we usually anything. Normally we usually anything. Normally we usually communicate to the agent by writing communicate to the agent by writing communicate to the agent by writing prompt, right? So we can also can prompt, right? So we can also can prompt, right? So we can also can communicate by talking to the agent. So communicate by talking to the agent. So communicate by talking to the agent. So they can process our voice and transform they can process our voice and transform they can process our voice and transform it to the text and then the agent will it to the text and then the agent will it to the text and then the agent will carry out the text based on our prompt. carry out the text based on our prompt. carry out the text based on our prompt. So on so how does Google ADK framework so how does Google ADK framework so how does Google ADK framework bit? So bit? So bit? So in ADK we have a runner to in ADK we have a runner to in ADK we have a runner to call the agent and from the runner we call the agent and from the runner we call the agent and from the runner we can initiate to the memory that is the can initiate to the memory that is the can initiate to the memory that is the agent memory agent memory agent memory and the agent memory will return the and the agent memory will return the and the agent memory will return the response to us and based on this response to us and based on this response to us and based on this response we can ask the agent to response we can ask the agent to response we can ask the agent to call the agent again or to process the call the agent again or to process the call the agent again or to process the output. So that is how ADK running their output. So that is how ADK running their output. So that is how ADK running their framework and we can design the agent in many and we can design the agent in many and we can design the agent in many ways. We can orchestrate the agent in ways. We can orchestrate the agent in ways. We can orchestrate the agent in many ways according to your based on many ways according to your based on many ways according to your based on your applications. It could be like your applications. It could be like your applications. It could be like sequential agent. For instance, you ask sequential agent. For instance, you ask sequential agent. For instance, you ask the agent A to perform like flight to to the agent A to perform like flight to to the agent A to perform like flight to to to perform the search for cheapest to perform the search for cheapest to perform the search for cheapest flight and then you ask agent B to find flight and then you ask agent B to find flight and then you ask agent B to find the nearest uh cheapest restaurant and the nearest uh cheapest restaurant and the nearest uh cheapest restaurant and so on. And you can also orchestrate the so on. And you can also orchestrate the so on. And you can also orchestrate the agent parallel. Um you you have two agent parallel. Um you you have two agent parallel. Um you you have two agents. The first agents is searching agents. The first agents is searching agents. The first agents is searching for their cheapest flight and then the for their cheapest flight and then the for their cheapest flight and then the second agent is searching for the second agent is searching for the second agent is searching for the cheapest restaurant and these two agents cheapest restaurant and these two agents cheapest restaurant and these two agents are ran in parallel and you can are ran in parallel and you can are ran in parallel and you can orchestrate that way. So we don't have orchestrate that way. So we don't have orchestrate that way. So we don't have like a like a like a specific uh uh right answer for specific specific uh uh right answer for specific specific uh uh right answer for specific application that entirely depend on you application that entirely depend on you application that entirely depend on you as an AI engineer how to orchestrate as an AI engineer how to orchestrate as an AI engineer how to orchestrate your agent and it could be the loop your agent and it could be the loop your agent and it could be the loop agent as well. So loop agent is like you agent as well. So loop agent is like you agent as well. So loop agent is like you are calling the agent again and again are calling the agent again and again are calling the agent again and again until they reach the until they reach the until they reach the certify you answer bit that's certifying certify you answer bit that's certifying certify you answer bit that's certifying your business requirements. So you have your business requirements. So you have your business requirements. So you have to specify how many times you want to to specify how many times you want to to specify how many times you want to process your agent to get the most process your agent to get the most process your agent to get the most correct answer and so on. That's we call correct answer and so on. That's we call correct answer and so on. That's we call the loop agent. Okay. So like Okay. So like Okay. So like our human has our own brain. Agent can our human has our own brain. Agent can our human has our own brain. Agent can also have their own brain. That's we also have their own brain. That's we also have their own brain. That's we call the memory. We can access to the call the memory. We can access to the call the memory. We can access to the external like information. So agent can external like information. So agent can external like information. So agent can also access the external information also access the external information also access the external information through API call database and so on. through API call database and so on. through API call database and so on. That's we call the two calling. Two That's we call the two calling. Two That's we call the two calling. Two calling is important uh ability of the calling is important uh ability of the calling is important uh ability of the agent and that is uh also one of the agent and that is uh also one of the agent and that is uh also one of the evaluation criteria. How agent perform evaluation criteria. How agent perform evaluation criteria. How agent perform well for your business application. It well for your business application. It well for your business application. It depends on whether they can call the depends on whether they can call the depends on whether they can call the right tool based on your customer right tool based on your customer right tool based on your customer prompt. So the memory memory can save the So the memory memory can save the So the memory memory can save the previous information of your customer. previous information of your customer. previous information of your customer. For example, you have many customer for For example, you have many customer for For example, you have many customer for your business application. You have your business application. You have your business application. You have thousands of customer and then you going thousands of customer and then you going thousands of customer and then you going to create one session for each customer. to create one session for each customer. to create one session for each customer. So whenever your customer return to your So whenever your customer return to your So whenever your customer return to your business, you don't need to collect the business, you don't need to collect the business, you don't need to collect the information from the start, right? Based information from the start, right? Based information from the start, right? Based on the your agent memory, you can on the your agent memory, you can on the your agent memory, you can retrieve the previous conversation and retrieve the previous conversation and retrieve the previous conversation and provide their most personalized response provide their most personalized response provide their most personalized response to your customer and you you see that in to your customer and you you see that in to your customer and you you see that in nowadays chat application, right? Chat nowadays chat application, right? Chat nowadays chat application, right? Chat GPD, Gemini and so on. They can remember GPD, Gemini and so on. They can remember GPD, Gemini and so on. They can remember the conversations and then always the conversations and then always the conversations and then always generate the generate the generate the most personalized response based on our most personalized response based on our most personalized response based on our previous conversation. That's how we previous conversation. That's how we previous conversation. That's how we does with the agent memory. Okay. So, let's start our first collab Okay. So, let's start our first collab Okay. So, let's start our first collab with our single agent. So, here is the with our single agent. So, here is the with our single agent. So, here is the link to the link to the link to the collab. Let me copy it and paste it here. And it should be directed to the collab And it should be directed to the collab And it should be directed to the collab and you can make a copy. and you can make a copy. and you can make a copy. Fine. And you have to click save a copy Fine. And you have to click save a copy Fine. And you have to click save a copy in your drive. So it will redirect to in your drive. So it will redirect to in your drive. So it will redirect to your own Google Collab. Okay. Have you already claimed the cloud Okay. Have you already claimed the cloud Okay. Have you already claimed the cloud credit? Let me know if you already claim because Let me know if you already claim because Let me know if you already claim because uh we need to assess uh GCB for this uh we need to assess uh GCB for this uh we need to assess uh GCB for this judia. Okay. Okay. Thank you. And can you type Dan in the chat if you And can you type Dan in the chat if you And can you type Dan in the chat if you already make a copy of the notebook? Thank you. Okay. So before we start in the collab, Okay. So before we start in the collab, Okay. So before we start in the collab, let's generate the API key together. So let's generate the API key together. So let's generate the API key together. So we have to generate API key from we have to generate API key from we have to generate API key from astudiogoogle.com. So you are going to visit a So you are going to visit a So you are going to visit a studiogoogle.com studiogoogle.com studiogoogle.com and make sure you choose the correct and make sure you choose the correct and make sure you choose the correct account. Here you have to choose the correct Here you have to choose the correct Here you have to choose the correct Gmail account associated with your Gmail account associated with your Gmail account associated with your account that used for account that used for account that used for claiming the cloud credit. claiming the cloud credit. claiming the cloud credit. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, if you have already log into the So, if you have already log into the So, if you have already log into the Google AI studio, you can generate the Google AI studio, you can generate the Google AI studio, you can generate the API key from get API key. Yeah. Yeah, get API key and you should see the Yeah, get API key and you should see the Yeah, get API key and you should see the API key here if you have already API key here if you have already API key here if you have already created. If you haven't created any API created. If you haven't created any API created. If you haven't created any API key, you will see the blank. You can generate API key by clicking You can generate API key by clicking You can generate API key by clicking create API key and then give the name of create API key and then give the name of create API key and then give the name of the API key. So for me uh let's say I the API key. So for me uh let's say I the API key. So for me uh let's say I will get I will give like Gemini UTM. UTM. UTM. Okay. And then you have to choose the Okay. And then you have to choose the Okay. And then you have to choose the Google cloud project here. So you should Google cloud project here. So you should Google cloud project here. So you should see the list of cloud projects. Google see the list of cloud projects. Google see the list of cloud projects. Google cloud project here. So if you haven't cloud project here. So if you haven't cloud project here. So if you haven't created any Google cloud project, you created any Google cloud project, you created any Google cloud project, you can create by clicking create project. can create by clicking create project. can create by clicking create project. If you have already created cloud If you have already created cloud If you have already created cloud project, it should be appear here. In project, it should be appear here. In project, it should be appear here. In case it doesn't appear here, you can case it doesn't appear here, you can case it doesn't appear here, you can click import project and select your click import project and select your click import project and select your project to import. If you don't have any cloud project, you If you don't have any cloud project, you If you don't have any cloud project, you can click create project and then name can click create project and then name can click create project and then name your project here and your project here and your project here and create the GCB project. create the GCB project. create the GCB project. So for me, I already have project. So I So for me, I already have project. So I So for me, I already have project. So I will just choose GCB edu and then give will just choose GCB edu and then give will just choose GCB edu and then give my API key as Gemini UTM and I will my API key as Gemini UTM and I will my API key as Gemini UTM and I will create the APN key. After I create API key, I should see the After I create API key, I should see the After I create API key, I should see the key here associated with your GCP key here associated with your GCP key here associated with your GCP account. I'm using the cloud credit. So here the I'm using the cloud credit. So here the I'm using the cloud credit. So here the tire should be the free tire. tire should be the free tire. tire should be the free tire. I believe that applies do the same for I believe that applies do the same for I believe that applies do the same for same thing for you. Okay, let me know if you can create the API let me know if you can create the API let me know if you can create the API key or also let me know if you like have key or also let me know if you like have key or also let me know if you like have some issues with API creation. some issues with API creation. some issues with API creation. Okay. One. Okay. Okay. One. Okay. Okay. One. Okay. One. Two. Okay. Okay. Yeah. If you already have APN key, you Yeah. If you already have APN key, you Yeah. If you already have APN key, you can use them. You don't need to create can use them. You don't need to create can use them. You don't need to create new key. Can you type 10 in the chat if you Can you type 10 in the chat if you Can you type 10 in the chat if you already create API key so I can make already create API key so I can make already create API key so I can make sure you can follow the code lab? Okay. sure you can follow the code lab? Okay. sure you can follow the code lab? Okay. One, two. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Okay. So let's go to the collab. So at the start of the collab uh we just So at the start of the collab uh we just So at the start of the collab uh we just uh import the necessary library for uh import the necessary library for uh import the necessary library for using ADK. Okay, now we have already import the Okay, now we have already import the Okay, now we have already import the necessary library. The second step is we necessary library. The second step is we necessary library. The second step is we are going to set up the API key to the are going to set up the API key to the are going to set up the API key to the project. So we can set up the API key as project. So we can set up the API key as project. So we can set up the API key as a secret key or environment variable. So a secret key or environment variable. So a secret key or environment variable. So in this tutorial I set up as environment in this tutorial I set up as environment in this tutorial I set up as environment variable and in order to make sure you variable and in order to make sure you variable and in order to make sure you set up the API key. So in the API key set up the API key. So in the API key set up the API key. So in the API key explorer or Google collab you can okay explorer or Google collab you can okay explorer or Google collab you can okay so I will delete it to add this again. so I will delete it to add this again. so I will delete it to add this again. So you can add a new secret key to align So you can add a new secret key to align So you can add a new secret key to align with the environment variable name here. with the environment variable name here. with the environment variable name here. So the environment variable name is So the environment variable name is So the environment variable name is Google API key. Uh you can you have to Google API key. Uh you can you have to Google API key. Uh you can you have to use the same name and then for the value use the same name and then for the value use the same name and then for the value you have to copy the API key you created you have to copy the API key you created you have to copy the API key you created earlier. So here I created API key gem 9 earlier. So here I created API key gem 9 earlier. So here I created API key gem 9 UTM and then I can copy it here. You can UTM and then I can copy it here. You can UTM and then I can copy it here. You can click the copy sign and then you can click the copy sign and then you can click the copy sign and then you can paste it here. And after that when you run this And after that when you run this And after that when you run this go block it will ask you to enter your go block it will ask you to enter your go block it will ask you to enter your Google API key and then you can paste Google API key and then you can paste Google API key and then you can paste your API key and you should see the API your API key and you should see the API your API key and you should see the API key figure successfully. key figure successfully. key figure successfully. So if you see this message you have So if you see this message you have So if you see this message you have already like used your API key in this already like used your API key in this already like used your API key in this project. project. project. Okay, Okay, Okay, I hope everyone followed it. Okay, so the first first step is done. Okay, so the first first step is done. Okay, so the first first step is done. We have already configure the API key We have already configure the API key We have already configure the API key successfully. So we are going to create successfully. So we are going to create successfully. So we are going to create our first agent with ADK today. So our our first agent with ADK today. So our our first agent with ADK today. So our first agent is trip planner. So we are first agent is trip planner. So we are first agent is trip planner. So we are going to create the agent that can plan going to create the agent that can plan going to create the agent that can plan a trip. a trip. a trip. So here the main goal of this agent is So here the main goal of this agent is So here the main goal of this agent is to create a symmetry plan under budget to create a symmetry plan under budget to create a symmetry plan under budget constraint. We have a condition budget constraint. We have a condition budget constraint. We have a condition budget constraint. So when we talk about agent constraint. So when we talk about agent constraint. So when we talk about agent uh when we give the prompt we have to uh when we give the prompt we have to uh when we give the prompt we have to understand text. understand text. understand text. So the text is what does your agent do? So the text is what does your agent do? So the text is what does your agent do? So your agent is a trip planner and So your agent is a trip planner and So your agent is a trip planner and condition is there any condition for condition is there any condition for condition is there any condition for your agent? Here we have a condition. your agent? Here we have a condition. your agent? Here we have a condition. The condition is budget constraint. The condition is budget constraint. The condition is budget constraint. Right? So we have to understand the text Right? So we have to understand the text Right? So we have to understand the text and the condition. There is the main and the condition. There is the main and the condition. There is the main component will be the main component for component will be the main component for component will be the main component for your prompt. your prompt. your prompt. Oh yeah I already share the presentation Oh yeah I already share the presentation Oh yeah I already share the presentation slide. Let me share again. here. Yeah, for the koda I suggest uh to link Yeah, for the koda I suggest uh to link Yeah, for the koda I suggest uh to link to the free billing for today because I to the free billing for today because I to the free billing for today because I don't want to like link with the paid don't want to like link with the paid don't want to like link with the paid account to avoid any issues. So please account to avoid any issues. So please account to avoid any issues. So please use the free koda dia for this workshop use the free koda dia for this workshop use the free koda dia for this workshop and delete the API key right away after and delete the API key right away after and delete the API key right away after you finish the collab and you can you finish the collab and you can you finish the collab and you can regenerate again if you need it later. Okay. So when we are going to create Okay. So when we are going to create Okay. So when we are going to create agent we have to agent we have to agent we have to consider first the text and the consider first the text and the consider first the text and the condition. In the ADK agent, we have condition. In the ADK agent, we have condition. In the ADK agent, we have three components. The agent, the brain three components. The agent, the brain three components. The agent, the brain of your agent, right? It could be any of your agent, right? It could be any of your agent, right? It could be any model and the session. Normally, we model and the session. Normally, we model and the session. Normally, we create like create like create like one session for each user, right? And one session for each user, right? And one session for each user, right? And then the runner, the runner connects the then the runner, the runner connects the then the runner, the runner connects the agent and session to process the agent and session to process the agent and session to process the customer prompts. So, this is customer prompts. So, this is customer prompts. So, this is your your your agent architecture. So for the a agent architecture. So for the a agent architecture. So for the a standard tools we use Google search. So standard tools we use Google search. So standard tools we use Google search. So it means your agent can access Google it means your agent can access Google it means your agent can access Google search to find the additional search to find the additional search to find the additional information. So the model is Gemini 2.5 information. So the model is Gemini 2.5 information. So the model is Gemini 2.5 flash and then the agent text is to flash and then the agent text is to flash and then the agent text is to generate a food trip itineraries based generate a food trip itineraries based generate a food trip itineraries based on the customer mood interest and on the customer mood interest and on the customer mood interest and budget. So in terms of user input the budget. So in terms of user input the budget. So in terms of user input the user will provide user will provide user will provide mood interest and budget. So the output mood interest and budget. So the output mood interest and budget. So the output should be like a Macdown format. Output should be like a Macdown format. Output should be like a Macdown format. Output should be in MDOT format describing the should be in MDOT format describing the should be in MDOT format describing the activities and then recommended venues activities and then recommended venues activities and then recommended venues for the trip. for the trip. for the trip. Okay. So Okay. So Okay. So we are going to create a agent with a we are going to create a agent with a we are going to create a agent with a easy Python function. So this function easy Python function. So this function easy Python function. So this function return the ADK agent. This function return the ADK agent. This function return the ADK agent. This function return ADK agent. So in the AD agent return ADK agent. So in the AD agent return ADK agent. So in the AD agent function you have to identify the name function you have to identify the name function you have to identify the name of your agent. So we give the name as of your agent. So we give the name as of your agent. So we give the name as day trip agent and the model we are day trip agent and the model we are day trip agent and the model we are going to use gem 9 2.5 flash and going to use gem 9 2.5 flash and going to use gem 9 2.5 flash and description. So the description usually description. So the description usually description. So the description usually should be like shorter and concise. It's should be like shorter and concise. It's should be like shorter and concise. It's not the same as prompt instruction. It's not the same as prompt instruction. It's not the same as prompt instruction. It's just like a overall description of your just like a overall description of your just like a overall description of your agent. It should be like in very concise agent. It should be like in very concise agent. It should be like in very concise format. So it's just an agent format. So it's just an agent format. So it's just an agent specializing in like planning full day specializing in like planning full day specializing in like planning full day itinerary based on more interest budget itinerary based on more interest budget itinerary based on more interest budget that's all and inside the instruction that's all and inside the instruction that's all and inside the instruction parameter you have to write complete parameter you have to write complete parameter you have to write complete prompt you want your what you you you prompt you want your what you you you prompt you want your what you you you want your agent to do. So first one is want your agent to do. So first one is want your agent to do. So first one is the text right. So you have to identify the text right. So you have to identify the text right. So you have to identify the text or your agent here you are the the text or your agent here you are the the text or your agent here you are the trip generator. So if you want an agent trip generator. So if you want an agent trip generator. So if you want an agent that can write the code for you, you can that can write the code for you, you can that can write the code for you, you can identify like you are the senior identify like you are the senior identify like you are the senior software engineer blah blah or software engineer blah blah or software engineer blah blah or something. If you want your agent to do something. If you want your agent to do something. If you want your agent to do data analyst text, you can identify the data analyst text, you can identify the data analyst text, you can identify the text like you are the data analyst text like you are the data analyst text like you are the data analyst specialize in Python like uh science specialize in Python like uh science specialize in Python like uh science blah blah and so on. And then you have blah blah and so on. And then you have blah blah and so on. And then you have to identify the condition here. What do to identify the condition here. What do to identify the condition here. What do you want specifically? For example, like you want specifically? For example, like you want specifically? For example, like you want your agent to be budget away. you want your agent to be budget away. you want your agent to be budget away. It mean like pay close attention to the It mean like pay close attention to the It mean like pay close attention to the budget hints and then it could be like budget hints and then it could be like budget hints and then it could be like full day structure. You want the full day structure. You want the full day structure. You want the itineraries to create morning, itineraries to create morning, itineraries to create morning, afternoon, evening and should be a afternoon, evening and should be a afternoon, evening and should be a realtime focus. So search for current realtime focus. So search for current realtime focus. So search for current operating hours and special events. So operating hours and special events. So operating hours and special events. So for this real time focus we are going to for this real time focus we are going to for this real time focus we are going to use Google search as an external tool to use Google search as an external tool to use Google search as an external tool to find the real information. In this case find the real information. In this case find the real information. In this case it could be any custom fashion as well. it could be any custom fashion as well. it could be any custom fashion as well. For example, if you are developing an For example, if you are developing an For example, if you are developing an agent for your own company, you're going agent for your own company, you're going agent for your own company, you're going to write a furnishing that can access to write a furnishing that can access to write a furnishing that can access your in sorry internet documents, right? your in sorry internet documents, right? your in sorry internet documents, right? It can retrieve the information from It can retrieve the information from It can retrieve the information from your own database and so on and you can your own database and so on and you can your own database and so on and you can write custom tools for that. write custom tools for that. write custom tools for that. Okay. And then here the agent should Okay. And then here the agent should Okay. And then here the agent should return macdown format blah blah and so return macdown format blah blah and so return macdown format blah blah and so on. And after that on. And after that on. And after that we will create the agent by calling this we will create the agent by calling this we will create the agent by calling this function. And let's run this cell. Now function. And let's run this cell. Now function. And let's run this cell. Now you have successfully you have successfully you have successfully create your agent. Your day trip agent create your agent. Your day trip agent create your agent. Your day trip agent is created. Okay. Now we are going to is created. Okay. Now we are going to is created. Okay. Now we are going to connect the runner savics. So in inside connect the runner savics. So in inside connect the runner savics. So in inside the runner we have the runner we have the runner we have agent sessions and then agent name. So agent sessions and then agent name. So agent sessions and then agent name. So the session is usually one session for the session is usually one session for the session is usually one session for each user. Right? So inside the runner each user. Right? So inside the runner each user. Right? So inside the runner agent we call the agent based on the agent we call the agent based on the agent we call the agent based on the session and user ID. So we don't miss session and user ID. So we don't miss session and user ID. So we don't miss the each other like input, right? We the each other like input, right? We the each other like input, right? We separate each user with each session. So separate each user with each session. So separate each user with each session. So they each customer has their own they each customer has their own they each customer has their own information inside their own session information inside their own session information inside their own session right. So right. So right. So we create that uh user ID with AD we create that uh user ID with AD we create that uh user ID with AD adventure 001 adventure 001 adventure 001 and here we create a memory session and here we create a memory session and here we create a memory session service. Okay. So after we create that user id we Okay. So after we create that user id we Okay. So after we create that user id we are going to call the agent. are going to call the agent. are going to call the agent. So here is the query the prompt user So here is the query the prompt user So here is the query the prompt user prompt that this is a user prompt to prompt that this is a user prompt to prompt that this is a user prompt to interact with the agent and we will call interact with the agent and we will call interact with the agent and we will call the run agent query function. So the the run agent query function. So the the run agent query function. So the input to the run agent query is our input to the run agent query is our input to the run agent query is our agent name the the agent we just created agent name the the agent we just created agent name the the agent we just created here and then query this is the user here and then query this is the user here and then query this is the user prompt and then session user session and prompt and then session user session and prompt and then session user session and then user ID here. then user ID here. then user ID here. So we will call the run agent query So we will call the run agent query So we will call the run agent query function. We will call the runner function. We will call the runner function. We will call the runner service service service and see the and see the and see the oh sorry I haven't run this yet okay and oh sorry I haven't run this yet okay and oh sorry I haven't run this yet okay and see the agent output okay so you should see the agent output okay so you should see the agent output okay so you should see the session ID here see the session ID here see the session ID here user query and session ID Okay. Okay. So, here we got the response Okay. So, here we got the response Okay. So, here we got the response as we wanted, right? Full day as we wanted, right? Full day as we wanted, right? Full day itineraries. itineraries. itineraries. &gt;&gt; Excuse me. &gt;&gt; Excuse me. &gt;&gt; Excuse me. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I got an error. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I got an error. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I got an error. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; Unavailable. The model is currently &gt;&gt; Unavailable. The model is currently &gt;&gt; Unavailable. The model is currently experiencing high demand. experiencing high demand. experiencing high demand. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; so should I rerun again or &gt;&gt; so should I rerun again or &gt;&gt; so should I rerun again or &gt;&gt; Oh, can you rerun again? And you run you &gt;&gt; Oh, can you rerun again? And you run you &gt;&gt; Oh, can you rerun again? And you run you are running with your own API key, are running with your own API key, are running with your own API key, right? right? right? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Okay. Can you rer rerun again? Uh we don't need to follow like exact Uh we don't need to follow like exact Uh we don't need to follow like exact structure and format. structure and format. structure and format. Uh normally like you only need to pay Uh normally like you only need to pay Uh normally like you only need to pay like two right tests and condition like two right tests and condition like two right tests and condition carefully. That's all like you could carefully. That's all like you could carefully. That's all like you could write that in like clear like English write that in like clear like English write that in like clear like English format and then it should be it should format and then it should be it should format and then it should be it should be okay. be okay. be okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Thank you. And when you read it it's &gt;&gt; Thank you. And when you read it it's &gt;&gt; Thank you. And when you read it it's okay. Uh rerun the uh it work. okay. Uh rerun the uh it work. okay. Uh rerun the uh it work. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yes. The Google link is in &gt;&gt; Okay. Yes. The Google link is in &gt;&gt; Okay. Yes. The Google link is in PowerPoint. How about now? Osman, can you are you How about now? Osman, can you are you How about now? Osman, can you are you okay? Can you run? okay? Can you run? okay? Can you run? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, it worked. I tried it again. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, it worked. I tried it again. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, it worked. I tried it again. It worked. It worked. It worked. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. Okay. Let me know like if you can run Okay. Let me know like if you can run Okay. Let me know like if you can run the first agent successfully. You can the first agent successfully. You can the first agent successfully. You can type 10 type 10 type 10 if you finish. Okay. One, two. Okay. Okay. Good. Thank you. Okay. Okay. Good. Thank you. Okay. Okay. Good. Thank you. Yeah, you don't need to follow the Yeah, you don't need to follow the Yeah, you don't need to follow the strict uh format for the prompt. Uh to strict uh format for the prompt. Uh to strict uh format for the prompt. Uh to just to make sure that the the just to make sure that the the just to make sure that the the description should be in concise format description should be in concise format description should be in concise format uh shorter like one one sentence is uh shorter like one one sentence is uh shorter like one one sentence is enough for the description for the enough for the description for the enough for the description for the instruction or you just need to follow instruction or you just need to follow instruction or you just need to follow the test and condition. That's all. But the test and condition. That's all. But the test and condition. That's all. But if you want like the agent to learn from if you want like the agent to learn from if you want like the agent to learn from your example exam respond you can your example exam respond you can your example exam respond you can provide few example inside the prompt provide few example inside the prompt provide few example inside the prompt like we got that in context learning you like we got that in context learning you like we got that in context learning you can provide a few as books. So normally can provide a few as books. So normally can provide a few as books. So normally like there would be two or three parts like there would be two or three parts like there would be two or three parts in your instruction. The first part is in your instruction. The first part is in your instruction. The first part is the text like you have to identify you the text like you have to identify you the text like you have to identify you are like blah blah blah and then second are like blah blah blah and then second are like blah blah blah and then second one is the condition. Here our condition one is the condition. Here our condition one is the condition. Here our condition is is budget constraint. We went like a is is budget constraint. We went like a is is budget constraint. We went like a full day itineraries divide to the full day itineraries divide to the full day itineraries divide to the morning, afternoon and evening and have morning, afternoon and evening and have morning, afternoon and evening and have to find the real world information and to find the real world information and to find the real world information and so on. Okay. So now let's move on to writing Okay. So now let's move on to writing Okay. So now let's move on to writing custom tools. Now we have already know custom tools. Now we have already know custom tools. Now we have already know calling the available extended tools out calling the available extended tools out calling the available extended tools out there. But what if we need to write a there. But what if we need to write a there. But what if we need to write a custom do uh you going to develop a lot custom do uh you going to develop a lot custom do uh you going to develop a lot of custom do when you work as an AI of custom do when you work as an AI of custom do when you work as an AI engineer like you are going to work with engineer like you are going to work with engineer like you are going to work with internet documents the information is internet documents the information is internet documents the information is not available in Google search or anyone not available in Google search or anyone not available in Google search or anyone on the internet so you are responsible on the internet so you are responsible on the internet so you are responsible to develop custom function that can to develop custom function that can to develop custom function that can interact with your agent so let's see interact with your agent so let's see interact with your agent so let's see this example here we are going to create this example here we are going to create this example here we are going to create a custom function that call a real time a custom function that call a real time a custom function that call a real time weather API to get the real world like weather API to get the real world like weather API to get the real world like to get the real time weather to get the real time weather to get the real time weather information. information. information. So here uh I prepare the uh examp So here uh I prepare the uh examp So here uh I prepare the uh examp coordinates uh latitude and longitude coordinates uh latitude and longitude coordinates uh latitude and longitude for three locations and we will use this for three locations and we will use this for three locations and we will use this uh llet information to go the weather uh llet information to go the weather uh llet information to go the weather API here. So we have custom function. API here. So we have custom function. API here. So we have custom function. The function is get life weather The function is get life weather The function is get life weather forecast and we use the forecast and we use the forecast and we use the longitude and latitude information here longitude and latitude information here longitude and latitude information here as an input. We call as an input. We call as an input. We call to the weather API here. So this is your to the weather API here. So this is your to the weather API here. So this is your custom function. So if you want to use custom function. So if you want to use custom function. So if you want to use custom functioning uh you only need to custom functioning uh you only need to custom functioning uh you only need to identify the function name here in the identify the function name here in the identify the function name here in the tools right. So previously in previous tools right. So previously in previous tools right. So previously in previous example we use Google search here. So in example we use Google search here. So in example we use Google search here. So in this example we use function the this example we use function the this example we use function the function name here get live weather function name here get live weather function name here get live weather forecast as an extended tool. forecast as an extended tool. forecast as an extended tool. So here is our weather agent. So the the So here is our weather agent. So the the So here is our weather agent. So the the description the description is the this description the description is the this description the description is the this is a trip planner. They check the real is a trip planner. They check the real is a trip planner. They check the real time weather before making suggestion. time weather before making suggestion. time weather before making suggestion. That's all that is description. Inside That's all that is description. Inside That's all that is description. Inside the instruction uh you have to enter a the instruction uh you have to enter a the instruction uh you have to enter a fine tax. So the tax of the agent is fine tax. So the tax of the agent is fine tax. So the tax of the agent is like it is a cautious trip planner like it is a cautious trip planner like it is a cautious trip planner before suggesting any outdoor before suggesting any outdoor before suggesting any outdoor activities. This agents must use the activities. This agents must use the activities. This agents must use the live weather focus function to check the live weather focus function to check the live weather focus function to check the condition and they have to incorporate condition and they have to incorporate condition and they have to incorporate that information to live weather that information to live weather that information to live weather details. There is uh what is supposed to details. There is uh what is supposed to details. There is uh what is supposed to your agent should do. your agent should do. your agent should do. Okay. Okay. Okay. So we will create oh sorry we create the agent here. So when you we create the agent here. So when you we create the agent here. So when you run this block you should see agent run this block you should see agent run this block you should see agent weather planner is created. Now we are going to run Now we are going to run Now we are going to run the weather agent. So we created a the weather agent. So we created a the weather agent. So we created a runner function. inside the runner runner function. inside the runner runner function. inside the runner function uh we have to provide this user function uh we have to provide this user function uh we have to provide this user ID right we will use the same user ID ID right we will use the same user ID ID right we will use the same user ID and here is the user prompt the user and here is the user prompt the user and here is the user prompt the user want to go hiking near lake DO and want to go hiking near lake DO and want to go hiking near lake DO and what's the weather look like so and then what's the weather look like so and then what's the weather look like so and then after getting the user input uh you are getting the user input uh you are getting the user input uh you are calling the run agent query with weather calling the run agent query with weather calling the run agent query with weather agent right so the ran agent query is agent right so the ran agent query is agent right so the ran agent query is the runner you have already right here right and then for the agent we are right and then for the agent we are right and then for the agent we are going to use where the agent going to use where the agent going to use where the agent so let's see the output okay now you should see the final okay now you should see the final okay now you should see the final response with the real time weather of response with the real time weather of response with the real time weather of Lake Daho Lake Daho Lake Daho right so here is the Output right so here is the Output right so here is the Output from your agent with custom tools. Okay. Can you follow follow this? Can you follow follow this? Can you follow follow this? Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. So now Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. So now Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. So now we have already know creating the agent we have already know creating the agent we have already know creating the agent with extended tools and custom tools. with extended tools and custom tools. with extended tools and custom tools. Now we are going to learn how to plan Now we are going to learn how to plan Now we are going to learn how to plan your agent, how to u manage your your agent, how to u manage your your agent, how to u manage your multiplayer agent because in the real multiplayer agent because in the real multiplayer agent because in the real world we are not working with a single world we are not working with a single world we are not working with a single agent, right? We are going to have multi agent, right? We are going to have multi agent, right? We are going to have multi agents that can perform different tasks. agents that can perform different tasks. agents that can perform different tasks. So how do we uh manage multipay agents? So how do we uh manage multipay agents? So how do we uh manage multipay agents? So in order to So in order to So in order to manage the multi pay agents you should manage the multi pay agents you should manage the multi pay agents you should have a orchestrate agents orchestrator have a orchestrate agents orchestrator have a orchestrate agents orchestrator that can manage the multi pay agent. So that can manage the multi pay agent. So that can manage the multi pay agent. So let's see let's see let's see this example. So you have a trip data this example. So you have a trip data this example. So you have a trip data agent trip agent. Uh they identify the agent trip agent. Uh they identify the agent trip agent. Uh they identify the user input and decide what agent should user input and decide what agent should user input and decide what agent should call. If the user uh for example, if the call. If the user uh for example, if the call. If the user uh for example, if the user wants to know the restaurant, they user wants to know the restaurant, they user wants to know the restaurant, they will call the agent that is specialized will call the agent that is specialized will call the agent that is specialized for restaurant uh information. If the for restaurant uh information. If the for restaurant uh information. If the user wants to know the transportation user wants to know the transportation user wants to know the transportation information, um it should direct to the information, um it should direct to the information, um it should direct to the agent that is specialized for agent that is specialized for agent that is specialized for navigation. Okay. So here in this example on the top level So here in this example on the top level So here in this example on the top level agent we have a trip data coia agent agent we have a trip data coia agent agent we have a trip data coia agent there is the orchestrator agent and they there is the orchestrator agent and they there is the orchestrator agent and they has two tools. The first one is called has two tools. The first one is called has two tools. The first one is called DB agent. There is a function that DB agent. There is a function that DB agent. There is a function that internally calls their DB agent. They internally calls their DB agent. They internally calls their DB agent. They are internal DB agent to fetch the raw are internal DB agent to fetch the raw are internal DB agent to fetch the raw data. And then second agent is concentr. So the concier agent itself has another So the concier agent itself has another So the concier agent itself has another tool that is full credit agent. tool that is full credit agent. tool that is full credit agent. So the full credit agents can give a So the full credit agents can give a So the full credit agents can give a restaurant information. restaurant information. restaurant information. Right. So the the top agent is here Right. So the the top agent is here Right. So the the top agent is here tripa agent is responsible for tripa agent is responsible for tripa agent is responsible for orchestrating the whole agent pipeline. orchestrating the whole agent pipeline. orchestrating the whole agent pipeline. Let's see this. Okay. So here Let's see this. Okay. So here Let's see this. Okay. So here you are going to create sub agent here. you are going to create sub agent here. you are going to create sub agent here. The first agent is the DB agents. So the The first agent is the DB agents. So the The first agent is the DB agents. So the DV agent is it reads the raw data information in JSON object and raw data information in JSON object and raw data information in JSON object and you have two created agents you have two created agents you have two created agents and they should respond with a single and they should respond with a single and they should respond with a single single line and then suggest the single line and then suggest the single line and then suggest the restaurant based on their provided restaurant based on their provided restaurant based on their provided location. Another one is the concier agent. Another one is the concier agent. Another one is the concier agent. Concier agents is if the user ask for a Concier agents is if the user ask for a Concier agents is if the user ask for a restaurant recommendation, they should restaurant recommendation, they should restaurant recommendation, they should use the full credit agent too. If the use the full credit agent too. If the use the full credit agent too. If the user didn't ask restaurant user didn't ask restaurant user didn't ask restaurant recommendation, they shouldn't call the recommendation, they shouldn't call the recommendation, they shouldn't call the full credit agent too. And then just uh full credit agent too. And then just uh full credit agent too. And then just uh present their opinion. And if the user present their opinion. And if the user present their opinion. And if the user ask for the restaurant recommendation, ask for the restaurant recommendation, ask for the restaurant recommendation, that agent should call the food credit that agent should call the food credit that agent should call the food credit agent and present the opinion to the agent and present the opinion to the agent and present the opinion to the user. user. user. Okay. And then here you have a function to call the DB here you have a function to call the DB here you have a function to call the DB agent and concier agent. Okay. So here is your Okay. So here is your Okay. So here is your top level orchestrator agent like the top level orchestrator agent like the top level orchestrator agent like the agent manager. This is the agent agent manager. This is the agent agent manager. This is the agent manager. So the name of the agent manager. So the name of the agent manager. So the name of the agent manager is trip data concier. And then manager is trip data concier. And then manager is trip data concier. And then the description is that require a the description is that require a the description is that require a database of travel data and course at database of travel data and course at database of travel data and course at concier agent for recommendation. They concier agent for recommendation. They concier agent for recommendation. They have two tools. The first tool is call have two tools. The first tool is call have two tools. The first tool is call DB agent. Here call DB agent. What does DB agent. Here call DB agent. What does DB agent. Here call DB agent. What does it do? It call the DB agent, right? And it do? It call the DB agent, right? And it do? It call the DB agent, right? And then another then another then another function is call concier agent. Concia function is call concier agent. Concia function is call concier agent. Concia agent call the concier agent and then if agent call the concier agent and then if agent call the concier agent and then if the user ask for full recommendation, the user ask for full recommendation, the user ask for full recommendation, they will call the full credit agent they will call the full credit agent they will call the full credit agent and here is the instruction. So the and here is the instruction. So the and here is the instruction. So the instruction is this is master travel instruction is this is master travel instruction is this is master travel planner and they should always start planner and they should always start planner and they should always start with calling DB agent tool to fetch a with calling DB agent tool to fetch a with calling DB agent tool to fetch a list of plays that match the user list of plays that match the user list of plays that match the user criteria and after you have the data you criteria and after you have the data you criteria and after you have the data you have to call for conia agent to answer have to call for conia agent to answer have to call for conia agent to answer follow-up questions regarding the uh follow-up questions regarding the uh follow-up questions regarding the uh user requirements. Okay. So let's run this one and then you Okay. So let's run this one and then you Okay. So let's run this one and then you have created orchestrator agent. have created orchestrator agent. have created orchestrator agent. Okay. So here is our main Okay. So here is our main Okay. So here is our main run trip run trip run trip function runner runner function. So function runner runner function. So function runner runner function. So inside the render function we have to uh inside the render function we have to uh inside the render function we have to uh create a session for the user ID. We create a session for the user ID. We create a session for the user ID. We will use the same user ID and we are will use the same user ID and we are will use the same user ID and we are going to call the uh orchestrator name. going to call the uh orchestrator name. going to call the uh orchestrator name. We will always we will always call the We will always we will always call the We will always we will always call the orchestrator agent manager. You don't orchestrator agent manager. You don't orchestrator agent manager. You don't need to specify like what agents like need to specify like what agents like need to specify like what agents like that this you don't need to spec uh that this you don't need to spec uh that this you don't need to spec uh specify exactly the sub agent. You only specify exactly the sub agent. You only specify exactly the sub agent. You only need to call the agent manager and the need to call the agent manager and the need to call the agent manager and the agent manager will decide what sub agent agent manager will decide what sub agent agent manager will decide what sub agent should execute based on the user prompt. should execute based on the user prompt. should execute based on the user prompt. So here the user prompt is find the top So here the user prompt is find the top So here the user prompt is find the top rates hot in Bangkok from the database. rates hot in Bangkok from the database. rates hot in Bangkok from the database. That's all. That's all. That's all. Okay. So, let's run this. Okay. here they don't have data for hot Okay. here they don't have data for hot Okay. here they don't have data for hot day in Bangkok right so they cannot day in Bangkok right so they cannot day in Bangkok right so they cannot provide it but however based on the mock provide it but however based on the mock provide it but however based on the mock data I have the grand harder is a top data I have the grand harder is a top data I have the grand harder is a top rated fivestar rating so it's um rated fivestar rating so it's um rated fivestar rating so it's um the agent information so uh let's try the agent information so uh let's try the agent information so uh let's try with the existing information so the with the existing information so the with the existing information so the existing information we can find here right Okay, let's use the grand hotter. Okay. Oh, maybe we can run this one. Let's try this one this query. Okay, let's try this query without uh Okay, let's try this query without uh Okay, let's try this query without uh asking for the restaurant asking for the restaurant asking for the restaurant recommendation. The query is to find the recommendation. The query is to find the recommendation. The query is to find the top rated hot day in San Francisco. So the first two call is DB agent right. So the first two call is DB agent right. So the first two call is DB agent right. So it so it means the agent manager So it so it means the agent manager So it so it means the agent manager perform the correct action. Okay so here they couldn't find any Okay so here they couldn't find any Okay so here they couldn't find any hotel in the San Francisco as well. So, hotel in the San Francisco as well. So, hotel in the San Francisco as well. So, what about we we find another one. Okay, Okay, Okay, we delete the San Francisco here. Okay. So when we delete the San Okay. So when we delete the San Okay. So when we delete the San Francisco and we just ask the top rated Francisco and we just ask the top rated Francisco and we just ask the top rated information in the DB agent, you see information in the DB agent, you see information in the DB agent, you see that they respond grand hotel, right? that they respond grand hotel, right? that they respond grand hotel, right? Because that is the raw data in your DB Because that is the raw data in your DB Because that is the raw data in your DB agent, right? We have uh Grand Hotel and agent, right? We have uh Grand Hotel and agent, right? We have uh Grand Hotel and Seaside in right and then so it give you Seaside in right and then so it give you Seaside in right and then so it give you the Grand Hotel as the top rated hotel the Grand Hotel as the top rated hotel the Grand Hotel as the top rated hotel because they have rating five right they because they have rating five right they because they have rating five right they have a fivestar rating. Can you follow this? Okay. Okay. Ah okay. So someone wants me to explain Ah okay. So someone wants me to explain Ah okay. So someone wants me to explain about the uh sub agent. So here is um about the uh sub agent. So here is um about the uh sub agent. So here is um uh the sub agent is basically you use uh the sub agent is basically you use uh the sub agent is basically you use the respon from one agent to another. the respon from one agent to another. the respon from one agent to another. There is the sub agent in here. This is There is the sub agent in here. This is There is the sub agent in here. This is uh this is the agent orchestration not uh this is the agent orchestration not uh this is the agent orchestration not the sub agent itself because right now the sub agent itself because right now the sub agent itself because right now we are trying to orchestrate the we are trying to orchestrate the we are trying to orchestrate the sequence or agent. We are not using the sequence or agent. We are not using the sequence or agent. We are not using the output of one agent to another. If you output of one agent to another. If you output of one agent to another. If you use the output of one agent as an input use the output of one agent as an input use the output of one agent as an input to another agent that is the sub agent to another agent that is the sub agent to another agent that is the sub agent in in right now we are just trying to in in right now we are just trying to in in right now we are just trying to orchestrate the agent in which condition orchestrate the agent in which condition orchestrate the agent in which condition what agent should we call and so on. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. In that case, can't we use A2A to Yeah. In that case, can't we use A2A to Yeah. In that case, can't we use A2A to communicate among agents communicate among agents communicate among agents instead of sub agent? instead of sub agent? instead of sub agent? &gt;&gt; Sorry. Sorry. Can you repeat again? I &gt;&gt; Sorry. Sorry. Can you repeat again? I &gt;&gt; Sorry. Sorry. Can you repeat again? I think think think &gt;&gt; instead of sub agent, can't we use A2A &gt;&gt; instead of sub agent, can't we use A2A &gt;&gt; instead of sub agent, can't we use A2A to, you know, communicate between to, you know, communicate between to, you know, communicate between agents? agents? agents? &gt;&gt; Uh, can we use A2 &gt;&gt; Uh, can we use A2 &gt;&gt; Uh, can we use A2 &gt;&gt; A2A agent to agent protocol? &gt;&gt; A2A agent to agent protocol? &gt;&gt; A2A agent to agent protocol? &gt;&gt; Oh, yes, we can. We can. Yes, of course. &gt;&gt; Oh, yes, we can. We can. Yes, of course. &gt;&gt; Oh, yes, we can. We can. Yes, of course. That you will see that in the next That you will see that in the next That you will see that in the next example. Oh, example. Oh, example. Oh, &gt;&gt; yeah. uh results exhausted error uh does uh results exhausted error uh does uh results exhausted error uh does happen uh when we like many people happen uh when we like many people happen uh when we like many people trying to assess the uh same results uh trying to assess the uh same results uh trying to assess the uh same results uh I think you need to wait a little bit I think you need to wait a little bit I think you need to wait a little bit and it should be fine. Okay. Yeah. Another question. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Another question. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Another question. Yes. &gt;&gt; Hello. Can you hear me? &gt;&gt; Hello. Can you hear me? &gt;&gt; Hello. Can you hear me? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um could you explain more about &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um could you explain more about &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um could you explain more about the concept of orchestrator here? the concept of orchestrator here? the concept of orchestrator here? &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. I can explain that. So the &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. I can explain that. So the &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. I can explain that. So the orchestration is like you have multip orchestration is like you have multip orchestration is like you have multip agents and then you have the manager. Uh agents and then you have the manager. Uh agents and then you have the manager. Uh let's think about a company. A company let's think about a company. A company let's think about a company. A company has the managers and many employees, has the managers and many employees, has the managers and many employees, right? For instance, in the sales right? For instance, in the sales right? For instance, in the sales department, we have the sales manager department, we have the sales manager department, we have the sales manager and then we have three sales persons and then we have three sales persons and then we have three sales persons under the management of the sales under the management of the sales under the management of the sales manager. Sale person one, sales person manager. Sale person one, sales person manager. Sale person one, sales person two, sale person three and so on and two, sale person three and so on and two, sale person three and so on and sales person one is assigned to Bangkok sales person one is assigned to Bangkok sales person one is assigned to Bangkok and sales persons two is assigned to and sales persons two is assigned to and sales persons two is assigned to Kalanu, sale person three is assigned to Kalanu, sale person three is assigned to Kalanu, sale person three is assigned to Yangong. So sale manager is responsible Yangong. So sale manager is responsible Yangong. So sale manager is responsible what sale passing to call based on the what sale passing to call based on the what sale passing to call based on the user requires. So if the user wants to user requires. So if the user wants to user requires. So if the user wants to act above the Bangkok sale it will act above the Bangkok sale it will act above the Bangkok sale it will communicate with sales but one so on. So communicate with sales but one so on. So communicate with sales but one so on. So the orchestration is like the managers the orchestration is like the managers the orchestration is like the managers is the the agent manager have to like is the the agent manager have to like is the the agent manager have to like choose what agent should do based on the choose what agent should do based on the choose what agent should do based on the issues are prompt so on. Do I answer your question? Do I answer your question? Do I answer your question? Okay. Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Okay. That is the u agent orchestration. So in this example right we have uh our So in this example right we have uh our So in this example right we have uh our orchestration agent uh konia agent the orchestration agent uh konia agent the orchestration agent uh konia agent the there is main responsibility is to there is main responsibility is to there is main responsibility is to decide what agent should do that's all decide what agent should do that's all decide what agent should do that's all if uh user as the uh the first one is if uh user as the uh the first one is if uh user as the uh the first one is they have to call the DB agents to get they have to call the DB agents to get they have to call the DB agents to get the raw data information after that they the raw data information after that they the raw data information after that they have to designed they have to call full credit designed they have to call full credit designed they have to call full credit agent only if the user ask the uh agent only if the user ask the uh agent only if the user ask the uh restaurant information and so on. If the restaurant information and so on. If the restaurant information and so on. If the user don't ask about food recommendation user don't ask about food recommendation user don't ask about food recommendation this agent shouldn't be executed. Uh another question. Uh another question. Uh another question. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; I have multiple agents in one system but &gt;&gt; I have multiple agents in one system but &gt;&gt; I have multiple agents in one system but I don't have an orchestrator. I don't have an orchestrator. I don't have an orchestrator. &gt;&gt; So what will happen? &gt;&gt; So what will happen? &gt;&gt; So what will happen? &gt;&gt; Sorry. Uh if you have multiple agents. &gt;&gt; Sorry. Uh if you have multiple agents. &gt;&gt; Sorry. Uh if you have multiple agents. &gt;&gt; Yeah but I don't have an orchestrator &gt;&gt; Yeah but I don't have an orchestrator &gt;&gt; Yeah but I don't have an orchestrator agent. agent. agent. &gt;&gt; Ah you should have because if you don't &gt;&gt; Ah you should have because if you don't &gt;&gt; Ah you should have because if you don't have how you will know that what agent have how you will know that what agent have how you will know that what agent should do in what condition? But if you should do in what condition? But if you should do in what condition? But if you want to manually assign that's fine like want to manually assign that's fine like want to manually assign that's fine like for example like as M developers you can for example like as M developers you can for example like as M developers you can manually assign that's also possible. manually assign that's also possible. manually assign that's also possible. &gt;&gt; I see. So the rule is that if we have &gt;&gt; I see. So the rule is that if we have &gt;&gt; I see. So the rule is that if we have multi- aent we should have an multi- aent we should have an multi- aent we should have an orchestras. orchestras. orchestras. &gt;&gt; Yeah yeah yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah yeah yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah yeah yeah. It's not like essential to have the It's not like essential to have the It's not like essential to have the manager agent but it's like uh manager agent but it's like uh manager agent but it's like uh recommended like otherwise like if you recommended like otherwise like if you recommended like otherwise like if you have uh multiple agents like if you have have uh multiple agents like if you have have uh multiple agents like if you have 100 agents you have to manually write 100 agents you have to manually write 100 agents you have to manually write the function like to call which agent in the function like to call which agent in the function like to call which agent in what condition and so on. what condition and so on. what condition and so on. &gt;&gt; I see that's very clear. Thank you. &gt;&gt; I see that's very clear. Thank you. &gt;&gt; I see that's very clear. Thank you. Okay. &gt;&gt; May I confirm? &gt;&gt; May I confirm? &gt;&gt; May I confirm? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; You mentioned the the if what if other &gt;&gt; You mentioned the the if what if other &gt;&gt; You mentioned the the if what if other agents that take the output from other agents that take the output from other agents that take the output from other agents as an input then can be agents as an input then can be agents as an input then can be considered sub agent only. considered sub agent only. considered sub agent only. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. That's the sub agent. Yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. That's the sub agent. Yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. That's the sub agent. Yes. &gt;&gt; Thank you so much. Yeah. Okay, here you could see that uh the the Okay, here you could see that uh the the Okay, here you could see that uh the the user user uh here the user query is to user user uh here the user query is to user user uh here the user query is to find the top rated hotel from the find the top rated hotel from the find the top rated hotel from the database, right? And then in this case database, right? And then in this case database, right? And then in this case you see that the first two call is uh you see that the first two call is uh you see that the first two call is uh here here here here here here is uh let me show the two go is uh let me show the two go is uh let me show the two go for DB agent here the first two go is DB for DB agent here the first two go is DB for DB agent here the first two go is DB agent and after that agent and after that agent and after that it call it call it call uh uh uh call DB agent right here it called the call DB agent right here it called the call DB agent right here it called the conia agent conia agent conia agent right because uh the food credit agent right because uh the food credit agent right because uh the food credit agent is not called here right because we is not called here right because we is not called here right because we didn't ask the about the food okay uh so okay uh so okay uh so let's move to the agent width and memory let's move to the agent width and memory let's move to the agent width and memory so we use agent memory when we went to so we use agent memory when we went to so we use agent memory when we went to do Martini 10 conversation with the user do Martini 10 conversation with the user do Martini 10 conversation with the user because we will not be communicating our because we will not be communicating our because we will not be communicating our user only in one session right your user user only in one session right your user user only in one session right your user will return to you like every day every will return to you like every day every will return to you like every day every week something like that so we are going week something like that so we are going week something like that so we are going to save the previous conversation that's to save the previous conversation that's to save the previous conversation that's what's called the agent memory what's called the agent memory what's called the agent memory so here we have adapted multi-day trip so here we have adapted multi-day trip so here we have adapted multi-day trip agent so the ability of agent is to retrieve the ability of agent is to retrieve the ability of agent is to retrieve the previous conversation and then they have previous conversation and then they have previous conversation and then they have to adapt their response based on the uh to adapt their response based on the uh to adapt their response based on the uh user feedback and then like user new user feedback and then like user new user feedback and then like user new information so on. Okay. So here we are going to create a Okay. So here we are going to create a Okay. So here we are going to create a multi- day trip agent with term 92.5. So multi- day trip agent with term 92.5. So multi- day trip agent with term 92.5. So the discretion is this agent can the discretion is this agent can the discretion is this agent can progressively plans a multi day trip. So progressively plans a multi day trip. So progressively plans a multi day trip. So and then they have to remember previous and then they have to remember previous and then they have to remember previous days and adapting to user feedback days and adapting to user feedback days and adapting to user feedback and then the instruction is the agent is and then the instruction is the agent is and then the instruction is the agent is the adapted trip planner and then the the adapted trip planner and then the the adapted trip planner and then the condition is they have to initiate by condition is they have to initiate by condition is they have to initiate by asking the user with destination trip asking the user with destination trip asking the user with destination trip duration and then they have to duration and then they have to duration and then they have to progressively plan based on the user progressively plan based on the user progressively plan based on the user information based on the user feedback information based on the user feedback information based on the user feedback and they have to plan only one date at a and they have to plan only one date at a and they have to plan only one date at a time. So the condition is only one day time. So the condition is only one day time. So the condition is only one day at a time and if the user dislike the at a time and if the user dislike the at a time and if the user dislike the agent suggestion they have to suggest agent suggestion they have to suggest agent suggestion they have to suggest alternative op option based on this. alternative op option based on this. alternative op option based on this. Okay. So let's Okay. So let's Okay. So let's create with this create with this create with this and then here we are going to run the and then here we are going to run the and then here we are going to run the agent with the memory. agent with the memory. agent with the memory. So I will use a single session for this. So I will use a single session for this. So I will use a single session for this. So the first user prom is to plan a So the first user prom is to plan a So the first user prom is to plan a two-day trip to Lisbon Portuguese and two-day trip to Lisbon Portuguese and two-day trip to Lisbon Portuguese and the user is interested in historic size the user is interested in historic size the user is interested in historic size and look at food and after it and look at food and after it and look at food and after it gets the respond from the agent uh the gets the respond from the agent uh the gets the respond from the agent uh the user as like that sound good but they user as like that sound good but they user as like that sound good but they are not a huge fan of Castell. So if are not a huge fan of Castell. So if are not a huge fan of Castell. So if there is a recommendation there is a recommendation there is a recommendation regarding to Castell the user has to regarding to Castell the user has to regarding to Castell the user has to replace the morning activity for day one replace the morning activity for day one replace the morning activity for day one with something else and then user with something else and then user with something else and then user response three is to uh proceed for day response three is to uh proceed for day response three is to uh proceed for day two plan and so on. So here uh I two plan and so on. So here uh I two plan and so on. So here uh I demonstrate this as a series of demonstrate this as a series of demonstrate this as a series of conversation the query one and then we conversation the query one and then we conversation the query one and then we will get the user uh agent response and will get the user uh agent response and will get the user uh agent response and based on that response we continue to based on that response we continue to based on that response we continue to the query two and so on. So like I the query two and so on. So like I the query two and so on. So like I demonstrate this as a multi10 demonstrate this as a multi10 demonstrate this as a multi10 conversation. So let's trying to run conversation. So let's trying to run conversation. So let's trying to run this. this. this. So here is a session. Okay. So this is the first agent respond Okay. So this is the first agent respond Okay. So this is the first agent respond for quiry one. Sounds like a fantastic for quiry one. Sounds like a fantastic for quiry one. Sounds like a fantastic trip. And then they provide trip. And then they provide trip. And then they provide the plan only for day one, right? the plan only for day one, right? the plan only for day one, right? Because we as the agents to return for Because we as the agents to return for Because we as the agents to return for day one only to to return like one day day one only to to return like one day day one only to to return like one day at a time, right? And then after that at a time, right? And then after that at a time, right? And then after that user feedback user print for user feedback user print for user feedback user print for AI respond is AI respond is AI respond is the user doesn't like the custom so it the user doesn't like the custom so it the user doesn't like the custom so it has to replace the morning adverity for has to replace the morning adverity for has to replace the morning adverity for day one with something historical so the day one with something historical so the day one with something historical so the agent have to revise it again right so agent have to revise it again right so agent have to revise it again right so understood no problem at all and then understood no problem at all and then understood no problem at all and then this is the agent revise response for this is the agent revise response for this is the agent revise response for day day day Right? And then after that the user Right? And then after that the user Right? And then after that the user prompt is now the day one is okay please prompt is now the day one is okay please prompt is now the day one is okay please proceed to day two. Right? So and then proceed to day two. Right? So and then proceed to day two. Right? So and then agent respond for day two. agent respond for day two. agent respond for day two. So since we use So since we use So since we use the same session here, we use the same the same session here, we use the same the same session here, we use the same session for the the same user. We can session for the the same user. We can session for the the same user. We can retrieve the previous information and retrieve the previous information and retrieve the previous information and can remember the uh previous can remember the uh previous can remember the uh previous conversation that is the power of agent conversation that is the power of agent conversation that is the power of agent with memory. with memory. with memory. So what if we don't have uh memory? So what if we don't have uh memory? So what if we don't have uh memory? So here I demonstrate the So here I demonstrate the So here I demonstrate the example with uh different session. Here example with uh different session. Here example with uh different session. Here I create uh one session I create uh one session I create uh one session for quarry one and I create another for quarry one and I create another for quarry one and I create another session for session for session for query 2. Then see what happened. So query 2. Then see what happened. So query 2. Then see what happened. So quarry one and quarry 2 are no longer in quarry one and quarry 2 are no longer in quarry one and quarry 2 are no longer in the same session although it's running the same session although it's running the same session although it's running for the same user ID. So let's see the for the same user ID. So let's see the for the same user ID. So let's see the difference. So here is the response for So here is the response for So here is the response for Oh, Oh, Oh, why I got why I got why I got error? Oh, resource I lost. I also got error? Oh, resource I lost. I also got error? Oh, resource I lost. I also got the same error. Please wait. And then we are using the free DS. So And then we are using the free DS. So And then we are using the free DS. So a lot of people are trying to access the a lot of people are trying to access the a lot of people are trying to access the API at the same time. Let me try again. Um I can Um I can Um I can maybe I will use uh T one maybe I will use uh T one maybe I will use uh T one quer quer quer one uh paid query. Let me try with that. one uh paid query. Let me try with that. one uh paid query. Let me try with that. So I have to rerun this again. Okay. I Okay. I Okay. I It shouldn't be Okay. Okay, I got it. Now I change it to the Okay, I got it. Now I change it to the Okay, I got it. Now I change it to the big API. big API. big API. Okay. So if we Okay. So if we Okay. So if we uh don't use the same session and if we uh don't use the same session and if we uh don't use the same session and if we separate the session for query one and separate the session for query one and separate the session for query one and query two, let's check the output. So query two, let's check the output. So query two, let's check the output. So the first output for first query is it the first output for first query is it the first output for first query is it will give give us the normal respond for day one, right? normal respond for day one, right? normal respond for day one, right? And then for query two, this is the response for query two, this is the response for query two, this is the response for query one, right? The agent provide us query one, right? The agent provide us query one, right? The agent provide us the itinary for day one. And for quarry the itinary for day one. And for quarry the itinary for day one. And for quarry 2, what do we get? So the quary to make 2, what do we get? So the quary to make 2, what do we get? So the quary to make sure I am tailoring it perfectly. Could sure I am tailoring it perfectly. Could sure I am tailoring it perfectly. Could we remind? Could you remind our we remind? Could you remind our we remind? Could you remind our destination, trip duration? It forgot destination, trip duration? It forgot destination, trip duration? It forgot everything, right? So the for the second everything, right? So the for the second everything, right? So the for the second second query the agent as again the second query the agent as again the second query the agent as again the destination trip duration so on it destination trip duration so on it destination trip duration so on it forgot about everything we like already forgot about everything we like already forgot about everything we like already provide it for about this phone like provide it for about this phone like provide it for about this phone like duration and so on. So it happened when duration and so on. So it happened when duration and so on. So it happened when you separate the query uh when you you separate the query uh when you you separate the query uh when you separate the session for each user. So separate the session for each user. So separate the session for each user. So he can no longer remember the previous he can no longer remember the previous he can no longer remember the previous information. Okay. So Okay. So Okay. So if you um can see that there is the end if you um can see that there is the end if you um can see that there is the end for tutorial one. So in this uh yes ma'am I'm saying now once we get the ma'am I'm saying now once we get the ma'am I'm saying now once we get the response how we take this to the front response how we take this to the front response how we take this to the front end like do we need to create separate end like do we need to create separate end like do we need to create separate APIs? APIs? APIs? Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. &gt;&gt; So once you get the response from the &gt;&gt; So once you get the response from the &gt;&gt; So once you get the response from the agent, how do we show it in the front agent, how do we show it in the front agent, how do we show it in the front end? How do you get the response to the end? How do you get the response to the end? How do you get the response to the front end site? Say we have a react app front end site? Say we have a react app front end site? Say we have a react app to flatter app in the mobile. to flatter app in the mobile. to flatter app in the mobile. &gt;&gt; Oh, right. Right, right, right. That's &gt;&gt; Oh, right. Right, right, right. That's &gt;&gt; Oh, right. Right, right, right. That's correct. correct. correct. &gt;&gt; So how do you get that response? &gt;&gt; So how do you get that response? &gt;&gt; So how do you get that response? &gt;&gt; Oh, response, right? So you can get us &gt;&gt; Oh, response, right? So you can get us &gt;&gt; Oh, response, right? So you can get us like a JSON or whatever. It's fine. like a JSON or whatever. It's fine. like a JSON or whatever. It's fine. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; JSON or string or whatever. &gt;&gt; JSON or string or whatever. &gt;&gt; JSON or string or whatever. So for that we have to write a separate So for that we have to write a separate So for that we have to write a separate uh API. uh API. uh API. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. Right. That's correct. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. Right. That's correct. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. Right. That's correct. &gt;&gt; Right. Okay. &gt;&gt; Right. Okay. &gt;&gt; Right. Okay. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Here we we just display the output. &gt;&gt; Here we we just display the output. &gt;&gt; Here we we just display the output. Right. So if you want to show it in in Right. So if you want to show it in in Right. So if you want to show it in in in the front end you can like write it in the front end you can like write it in the front end you can like write it as a function that read the string or as a function that read the string or as a function that read the string or whatever or you can even store it into whatever or you can even store it into whatever or you can even store it into database and retrieve later so on. Yes, when we use the same session, yeah, Yes, when we use the same session, yeah, Yes, when we use the same session, yeah, they they will store the uh message as they they will store the uh message as they they will store the uh message as long as you are running the application. Okay. So, So, So, Oh yes, Flora, do you have questions? Oh yes, Flora, do you have questions? Oh yes, Flora, do you have questions? &gt;&gt; Yes, please. Sorry for interrupting the &gt;&gt; Yes, please. Sorry for interrupting the &gt;&gt; Yes, please. Sorry for interrupting the class, but I just wanted to verify class, but I just wanted to verify class, but I just wanted to verify within this agent we've built. Is there within this agent we've built. Is there within this agent we've built. Is there a way to collect all the information a way to collect all the information a way to collect all the information maybe to a particular database in order maybe to a particular database in order maybe to a particular database in order to respond to certain call to actions to respond to certain call to actions to respond to certain call to actions from from the from from the from from the back end? back end? back end? Is that possible? Is that possible? Is that possible? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's possible. Of course. Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's possible. Of course. Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's possible. Of course. Yeah, it depends on like how you want to like it depends on like how you want to like it depends on like how you want to like uh architect your application. You can uh architect your application. You can uh architect your application. You can have like a separate function to collect have like a separate function to collect have like a separate function to collect the information from the back end and the information from the back end and the information from the back end and then you can give access that function then you can give access that function then you can give access that function to the agents. to the agents. to the agents. &gt;&gt; Okay, thank you very much. Okay, now let's move to the multi- Okay, now let's move to the multi- Okay, now let's move to the multi- agent. So right now what we have doing agent. So right now what we have doing agent. So right now what we have doing is each agent just perform it job its is each agent just perform it job its is each agent just perform it job its job right they haven't interacted each job right they haven't interacted each job right they haven't interacted each other yet. So in this second part of the other yet. So in this second part of the other yet. So in this second part of the judoria we will be learning how to build judoria we will be learning how to build judoria we will be learning how to build the multi- aent systems. So for example like So for example like So for example like we have weather agent that can give us we have weather agent that can give us we have weather agent that can give us the information about the weather and the information about the weather and the information about the weather and then we have transit agent that can then we have transit agent that can then we have transit agent that can provide us the navigation information provide us the navigation information provide us the navigation information and then we want to like uh provide the personalized traffic agent provide the personalized traffic agent provide the personalized traffic agent based on weather and the navigation. based on weather and the navigation. based on weather and the navigation. we usually do with the uh orchestrated we usually do with the uh orchestrated we usually do with the uh orchestrated agent, right? The the agent manager. agent, right? The the agent manager. agent, right? The the agent manager. Okay. So Okay. So Okay. So now we are going to learn uh two types now we are going to learn uh two types now we are going to learn uh two types of agent. Uh refinement agent. of agent. Uh refinement agent. of agent. Uh refinement agent. Refinement agent is uh the this is the Refinement agent is uh the this is the Refinement agent is uh the this is the same concept as LLMS judge. uh you have same concept as LLMS judge. uh you have same concept as LLMS judge. uh you have the cred agent that cried this other out the cred agent that cried this other out the cred agent that cried this other out that cred the outboard from another that cred the outboard from another that cred the outboard from another agent and check whether the generated agent and check whether the generated agent and check whether the generated outboard meets the user requirements or outboard meets the user requirements or outboard meets the user requirements or not. So the human developer uh no need not. So the human developer uh no need not. So the human developer uh no need to like check or no need to do manual to like check or no need to do manual to like check or no need to do manual verification. So we have another like verification. So we have another like verification. So we have another like media agent that as as like a judge they media agent that as as like a judge they media agent that as as like a judge they judge the generated output and decide judge the generated output and decide judge the generated output and decide whether it's meet the customer whether it's meet the customer whether it's meet the customer requirements or not. And then another requirements or not. And then another requirements or not. And then another agent architecture is parallel agent agent architecture is parallel agent agent architecture is parallel agent that like we call we can also call this that like we call we can also call this that like we call we can also call this as like a agent that are performing the as like a agent that are performing the as like a agent that are performing the text in parallel. text in parallel. text in parallel. Great. Great. Great. Okay. So let's go to the collab for Okay. So let's go to the collab for Okay. So let's go to the collab for machi machi agent. machi machi agent. machi machi agent. Here is the link. Let me plug in my laptop. Okay. Okay. Okay. So let's So let's So let's go to the first multi- aent which is a go to the first multi- aent which is a go to the first multi- aent which is a sequential agent we call like a sub aent sequential agent we call like a sub aent sequential agent we call like a sub aent concept. In this we will use the output concept. In this we will use the output concept. In this we will use the output from one agent to the input to another from one agent to the input to another from one agent to the input to another agent. agent. agent. First we will set up the necessary First we will set up the necessary First we will set up the necessary libraries libraries libraries and then I will set up the API key. I will use the PE API key I will use the PE API key I will use the PE API key here to make sure not to have the here to make sure not to have the here to make sure not to have the resource as issues. Okay, I will clear the output first. and then set up their API key here. Okay. So Okay. So Okay. So we will create the runner first. So this we will create the runner first. So this we will create the runner first. So this is a runner function. Runner runner is a runner function. Runner runner is a runner function. Runner runner functions is necessary for it for agent functions is necessary for it for agent functions is necessary for it for agent with ADK framework to call the agent with ADK framework to call the agent with ADK framework to call the agent with the user prompt and then we create with the user prompt and then we create with the user prompt and then we create a memory session service and then user. a memory session service and then user. a memory session service and then user. So our user ID is ADK adventure 001. So our user ID is ADK adventure 001. So our user ID is ADK adventure 001. So here we have uh as our multiplayer So here we have uh as our multiplayer So here we have uh as our multiplayer agents the agent architecture is in agents the agent architecture is in agents the agent architecture is in sequential style. So in the sequential sequential style. So in the sequential sequential style. So in the sequential agent you have you need to have a router agent you have you need to have a router agent you have you need to have a router agent there is the same concept as agent there is the same concept as agent there is the same concept as orchestrator they have to classifying orchestrator they have to classifying orchestrator they have to classifying the request. Uh so if you ask me is it the request. Uh so if you ask me is it the request. Uh so if you ask me is it okay not to have the router agent that's okay not to have the router agent that's okay not to have the router agent that's okay but you have to manually identify okay but you have to manually identify okay but you have to manually identify in which condition to call which agent. in which condition to call which agent. in which condition to call which agent. So it's quite uh DDS tax. So to have a So it's quite uh DDS tax. So to have a So it's quite uh DDS tax. So to have a router agent is good idea to classifying router agent is good idea to classifying router agent is good idea to classifying the user agent user queries and then the user agent user queries and then the user agent user queries and then connect with the connect with the connect with the associated agent. So here we have a associated agent. So here we have a associated agent. So here we have a transportation agent. So we have foodie transportation agent. So we have foodie transportation agent. So we have foodie agent to search for the food and weekend agent to search for the food and weekend agent to search for the food and weekend guy agent to search for weekend guy agent to search for weekend guy agent to search for weekend activities and then day trip agent. So activities and then day trip agent. So activities and then day trip agent. So in the foodie agent we have connected in the foodie agent we have connected in the foodie agent we have connected with with with transportation agent. If the user acts transportation agent. If the user acts transportation agent. If the user acts book food and then navigation guide, we book food and then navigation guide, we book food and then navigation guide, we will call the transportation agent will call the transportation agent will call the transportation agent again. So it's a sequence, right? Okay. again. So it's a sequence, right? Okay. again. So it's a sequence, right? Okay. So here So here So here we are going to identify all the we are going to identify all the we are going to identify all the necessary agents. We have day trip necessary agents. We have day trip necessary agents. We have day trip agent. So the responsibility for day agent. So the responsibility for day agent. So the responsibility for day trip agent is to create a budget aware trip agent is to create a budget aware trip agent is to create a budget aware uh itineraries right that's all and uh itineraries right that's all and uh itineraries right that's all and foodie agent the task of foodie agent is foodie agent the task of foodie agent is foodie agent the task of foodie agent is to find the best food based on user to find the best food based on user to find the best food based on user request request request and vegan guide agent is responsible for and vegan guide agent is responsible for and vegan guide agent is responsible for finding interesting advertities nearby finding interesting advertities nearby finding interesting advertities nearby and transportation agent is and transportation agent is and transportation agent is to guide you the navigation ing based on to guide you the navigation ing based on to guide you the navigation ing based on the usuza provider location the usuza provider location the usuza provider location and then here comes the router agent. So and then here comes the router agent. So and then here comes the router agent. So the router agent is responsible for like the router agent is responsible for like the router agent is responsible for like finding the right agent based on the finding the right agent based on the finding the right agent based on the user requests. So text is request router user requests. So text is request router user requests. So text is request router and then to analyze the user query and and then to analyze the user query and and then to analyze the user query and decide which are the following agent is decide which are the following agent is decide which are the following agent is best right. So they do not need to best right. So they do not need to best right. So they do not need to answer the query by themsel. They only answer the query by themsel. They only answer the query by themsel. They only return the name of the most appropriate return the name of the most appropriate return the name of the most appropriate agent twice. So if quarry is about food, agent twice. So if quarry is about food, agent twice. So if quarry is about food, they are going to call foodie agent. If they are going to call foodie agent. If they are going to call foodie agent. If the query about events, they are going the query about events, they are going the query about events, they are going to call weekend guy agent and so on. And to call weekend guy agent and so on. And to call weekend guy agent and so on. And then after then after then after creating all the necessary agents, we creating all the necessary agents, we creating all the necessary agents, we have a walker agents. So worker agent is have a walker agents. So worker agent is have a walker agents. So worker agent is basically a set of agents that is in basically a set of agents that is in basically a set of agents that is in your architecture. your architecture. your architecture. So here we include day trip agent, So here we include day trip agent, So here we include day trip agent, foodie agent, weekend guide, foodie agent, weekend guide, foodie agent, weekend guide, transportation agent. So we have four transportation agent. So we have four transportation agent. So we have four sub agents right and then you have to sub agents right and then you have to sub agents right and then you have to assemble it. So here we create a assemble it. So here we create a assemble it. So here we create a assemble of all sub aents with the assemble of all sub aents with the assemble of all sub aents with the dictionary dictionary dictionary dictionary the type. Yes. dictionary the type. Yes. dictionary the type. Yes. &gt;&gt; Uh I'm not clear what is the difference &gt;&gt; Uh I'm not clear what is the difference &gt;&gt; Uh I'm not clear what is the difference between orchestrator agent and router between orchestrator agent and router between orchestrator agent and router agent. agent. agent. &gt;&gt; Okay. uh the orchestrator agent uh is a &gt;&gt; Okay. uh the orchestrator agent uh is a &gt;&gt; Okay. uh the orchestrator agent uh is a bit bit bit I call it I I was talking is a bit I call it I I was talking is a bit I call it I I was talking is a bit similar but the router agent the test or similar but the router agent the test or similar but the router agent the test or router agent is here it just to like it router agent is here it just to like it router agent is here it just to like it analyze the user query it analyze the analyze the user query it analyze the analyze the user query it analyze the user query and classify in orchestrator user query and classify in orchestrator user query and classify in orchestrator agent they don't need to analyze the agent they don't need to analyze the agent they don't need to analyze the user query they have a specific specific user query they have a specific specific user query they have a specific specific plan right so in the previous plan right so in the previous plan right so in the previous orchestrator agent, you have a specific orchestrator agent, you have a specific orchestrator agent, you have a specific plan. The agent must go to DB agent to plan. The agent must go to DB agent to plan. The agent must go to DB agent to retrieve the hotel information first, retrieve the hotel information first, retrieve the hotel information first, right? And after that, call the Conia right? And after that, call the Conia right? And after that, call the Conia agent. You you already identify the agent. You you already identify the agent. You you already identify the exact workflow of your agent that is exact workflow of your agent that is exact workflow of your agent that is orchestrator. orchestrator. orchestrator. In the router agent, you don't need to In the router agent, you don't need to In the router agent, you don't need to specify what agents do to be called. the specify what agents do to be called. the specify what agents do to be called. the the router agent will classifying the the router agent will classifying the the router agent will classifying the user requests and call the necessary user requests and call the necessary user requests and call the necessary agent. That's the difference. &gt;&gt; Okay. So it to sum up orchestrator is &gt;&gt; Okay. So it to sum up orchestrator is &gt;&gt; Okay. So it to sum up orchestrator is used when we have a definite workflow of used when we have a definite workflow of used when we have a definite workflow of the agent. the agent. the agent. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. Right. Right. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. Right. Right. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. Right. Right. &gt;&gt; Right. Exactly. Exactly. &gt;&gt; Right. Exactly. Exactly. &gt;&gt; Right. Exactly. Exactly. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; Okay. Now we have assembled the agents. &gt;&gt; Okay. Now we have assembled the agents. &gt;&gt; Okay. Now we have assembled the agents. Here we will process the user query with sequential workflow. user query with sequential workflow. user query with sequential workflow. Here we have three queries. I want to Here we have three queries. I want to Here we have three queries. I want to eat the best sushi and are there any eat the best sushi and are there any eat the best sushi and are there any cool outdoor activities and find me the cool outdoor activities and find me the cool outdoor activities and find me the best sushi and tell me how to get there best sushi and tell me how to get there best sushi and tell me how to get there from G train station. Okay. So here one from G train station. Okay. So here one from G train station. Okay. So here one things first we have to call the router agent first we have to call the router agent first we have to call the router agent right and then the router agent right and then the router agent right and then the router agent have to decide what agent to be called. have to decide what agent to be called. have to decide what agent to be called. Okay. So let's run this and check the Okay. So let's run this and check the Okay. So let's run this and check the agent call. Okay. agent call. Okay. agent call. Okay. So the first one is I want to eat the So the first one is I want to eat the So the first one is I want to eat the best sushi in Polo. Right. Okay. So we best sushi in Polo. Right. Okay. So we best sushi in Polo. Right. Okay. So we can check the agent call here. Okay. So can check the agent call here. Okay. So can check the agent call here. Okay. So the router selected the fully agent, the router selected the fully agent, the router selected the fully agent, right? Because here we print out what right? Because here we print out what right? Because here we print out what agent is chosen by the router agent, agent is chosen by the router agent, agent is chosen by the router agent, right? So we can see what agent is right? So we can see what agent is right? So we can see what agent is selected by the router. So the query is selected by the router. So the query is selected by the router. So the query is I want to eat the best sushi, right? So I want to eat the best sushi, right? So I want to eat the best sushi, right? So the router selected the foodie agent. the router selected the foodie agent. the router selected the foodie agent. Okay. So in this case we identifying Okay. So in this case we identifying Okay. So in this case we identifying that okay the agent can do the correct that okay the agent can do the correct that okay the agent can do the correct tool calling right. So if you have to tool calling right. So if you have to tool calling right. So if you have to evaluate your agent system to calling is evaluate your agent system to calling is evaluate your agent system to calling is also important and you can evaluate that also important and you can evaluate that also important and you can evaluate that way whether like your agent call the way whether like your agent call the way whether like your agent call the correct tools or not and then here another query is are there and then here another query is are there and then here another query is are there any cool outdoor concepts? So in this any cool outdoor concepts? So in this any cool outdoor concepts? So in this case the router choose the weekend guide case the router choose the weekend guide case the router choose the weekend guide agent right because the query is related agent right because the query is related agent right because the query is related to the weekend advertise and then here you see the uh output and and then here you see the uh output and and then here you see the uh output and then another query is find me the best then another query is find me the best then another query is find me the best sushi in Polo and tell me how to get sushi in Polo and tell me how to get sushi in Polo and tell me how to get there from K train station. So in this there from K train station. So in this there from K train station. So in this case the router selected find and case the router selected find and case the router selected find and navigate combo agent right because it navigate combo agent right because it navigate combo agent right because it as about the restaurant and then as about the restaurant and then as about the restaurant and then navigation. So it got find and navigate navigation. So it got find and navigate navigation. So it got find and navigate combo right and then it read the uh combo right and then it read the uh combo right and then it read the uh sushi uh sushi restaurant name and then sushi uh sushi restaurant name and then sushi uh sushi restaurant name and then navigation right. Okay. So here is our is our is our final response. final response. final response. Okay. And then Okay. And then Okay. And then since we have a sequential workflow since we have a sequential workflow since we have a sequential workflow here, here, here, you see that restaurant and then you see that restaurant and then you see that restaurant and then navigation is connected, right? So if navigation is connected, right? So if navigation is connected, right? So if the agent choose the find and navigate the agent choose the find and navigate the agent choose the find and navigate combo agent, we have to know combo agent, we have to know combo agent, we have to know what is the restaurant name, right? What what is the restaurant name, right? What what is the restaurant name, right? What is the restaurant name? So here we is the restaurant name? So here we is the restaurant name? So here we extract the restaurant name from the extract the restaurant name from the extract the restaurant name from the response with the regular expression and response with the regular expression and response with the regular expression and then use this as then use this as then use this as like a input to the directions. like a input to the directions. like a input to the directions. Right? But this is not actually uh very Right? But this is not actually uh very Right? But this is not actually uh very efficient. So it means like if the efficient. So it means like if the efficient. So it means like if the chosen route chosen agent is find and chosen route chosen agent is find and chosen route chosen agent is find and navigate combo the agent will find the navigate combo the agent will find the navigate combo the agent will find the full restaurant name first right and full restaurant name first right and full restaurant name first right and then we extract the restaurant name as then we extract the restaurant name as then we extract the restaurant name as using regular expression and use this to using regular expression and use this to using regular expression and use this to the the the another another another pro that is for the navigation. So we pro that is for the navigation. So we pro that is for the navigation. So we manually extract it. So if we don't want manually extract it. So if we don't want manually extract it. So if we don't want to manually extract it, we could use the to manually extract it, we could use the to manually extract it, we could use the feature or ADK here, we can use the the output from the full agent to the the output from the full agent to the the output from the full agent to input to the transportation agent. So input to the transportation agent. So input to the transportation agent. So what do we do? So is when we create the what do we do? So is when we create the what do we do? So is when we create the fully agent we going to identify the fully agent we going to identify the fully agent we going to identify the output key is a destination. output key is a destination. output key is a destination. So from the fully agent we want to So from the fully agent we want to So from the fully agent we want to extract the destination as an output extract the destination as an output extract the destination as an output and then that destination and then that destination and then that destination will be input to the transportation will be input to the transportation will be input to the transportation agent. agent. agent. Okay. You just need to identify the Okay. You just need to identify the Okay. You just need to identify the output key in your agent. So it mean output key in your agent. So it mean output key in your agent. So it mean basically basically basically you don't need to extract with the you don't need to extract with the you don't need to extract with the regular expression as in the above regular expression as in the above regular expression as in the above example. You can use the destination as example. You can use the destination as example. You can use the destination as an input to the transportation agent and an input to the transportation agent and an input to the transportation agent and then make the sequential agent for foody then make the sequential agent for foody then make the sequential agent for foody trans foodie agent and transportation trans foodie agent and transportation trans foodie agent and transportation agent. Here is the key. Here is the use agent. Here is the key. Here is the use agent. Here is the key. Here is the use of sequential agent. So in your of sequential agent. So in your of sequential agent. So in your sequential agent you have two sub agents sequential agent you have two sub agents sequential agent you have two sub agents foodie agent and transportation agent. foodie agent and transportation agent. foodie agent and transportation agent. We use the destination output from We use the destination output from We use the destination output from foodie agent to input to the foodie agent to input to the foodie agent to input to the transportation agent that began find and transportation agent that began find and transportation agent that began find and navigate agent. Can you follow this? Can you follow this? Can you follow this? Uh do you have questions? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I sure that you can follow this. Okay. I sure that you can follow this. Okay. I sure that you can follow this. So uh Romanian agents are the same. We So uh Romanian agents are the same. We So uh Romanian agents are the same. We agent is the same. Router agent is the agent is the same. Router agent is the agent is the same. Router agent is the same. Only different is find and same. Only different is find and same. Only different is find and navigate agent become the sequential navigate agent become the sequential navigate agent become the sequential agent. Okay. They they are no longer agent. Okay. They they are no longer agent. Okay. They they are no longer like a uh independent agent. they become like a uh independent agent. they become like a uh independent agent. they become a sequential agent. If the user asks a sequential agent. If the user asks a sequential agent. If the user asks restaurant and navigation, we will call restaurant and navigation, we will call restaurant and navigation, we will call find and navigate agent, right? And they find and navigate agent, right? And they find and navigate agent, right? And they as like a sequential concept here. as like a sequential concept here. as like a sequential concept here. Okay. Okay. Okay. And then we will be running the same And then we will be running the same And then we will be running the same example again. example again. example again. So first agent it will call the foodie So first agent it will call the foodie So first agent it will call the foodie agent. For second query it will call the For second query it will call the For second query it will call the weekend agent. Okay. And for the Okay. And for the Okay. And for the category to find the sushi restaurant in category to find the sushi restaurant in category to find the sushi restaurant in poloato and direction it will glorify poloato and direction it will glorify poloato and direction it will glorify and navigate agent s. So is the and navigate agent s. So is the and navigate agent s. So is the sequential agent. Now you have already sequential agent. Now you have already sequential agent. Now you have already developed the sequential agent. Okay. So let's move to another agent Okay. So let's move to another agent Okay. So let's move to another agent which is loop agent. Loop agent is also which is loop agent. Loop agent is also which is loop agent. Loop agent is also known as refinement agent. So you will known as refinement agent. So you will known as refinement agent. So you will not get what you want only in one time. not get what you want only in one time. not get what you want only in one time. So in this in that case you want to So in this in that case you want to So in this in that case you want to identify whether like your identify whether like your identify whether like your AI give you the correct output or not. AI give you the correct output or not. AI give you the correct output or not. So normally we cannot identify by So normally we cannot identify by So normally we cannot identify by ourself right. is very tedious to ourself right. is very tedious to ourself right. is very tedious to identify everything like from whom end. identify everything like from whom end. identify everything like from whom end. So in this case we always use loop So in this case we always use loop So in this case we always use loop agent. Uh this come from the LLM judge agent. Uh this come from the LLM judge agent. Uh this come from the LLM judge approach. Llms judge is also very useful approach. Llms judge is also very useful approach. Llms judge is also very useful u way of orchestrating agent and like u way of orchestrating agent and like u way of orchestrating agent and like that can credit the output by the agent. that can credit the output by the agent. that can credit the output by the agent. So it can reduce uh time like time for So it can reduce uh time like time for So it can reduce uh time like time for the human intervention. the human intervention. the human intervention. Okay. So in this uh loop agent uh one Okay. So in this uh loop agent uh one Okay. So in this uh loop agent uh one thing is you have to identify like how thing is you have to identify like how thing is you have to identify like how many times you want to look how many many times you want to look how many many times you want to look how many times you want to iterate how many times times you want to iterate how many times times you want to iterate how many times you want to refine your input right you want to refine your input right you want to refine your input right because it cannot go infinity times for because it cannot go infinity times for because it cannot go infinity times for sure. So in this game uh you have to sure. So in this game uh you have to sure. So in this game uh you have to identify at least like how many times identify at least like how many times identify at least like how many times you want to refine so on. So here we you want to refine so on. So here we you want to refine so on. So here we have have have our agent architecture for the loop our agent architecture for the loop our agent architecture for the loop agent. So the first agent is the type or agent. So the first agent is the type or agent. So the first agent is the type or sequential agent. So sequential agent is sequential agent. So sequential agent is sequential agent. So sequential agent is they have to propose plan and they have they have to propose plan and they have they have to propose plan and they have to look this agent. We have to iterate to look this agent. We have to iterate to look this agent. We have to iterate this agent at least three times. Sorry this agent at least three times. Sorry this agent at least three times. Sorry at most three times uh less than or at most three times uh less than or at most three times uh less than or equal to three. And we have two agents. equal to three. And we have two agents. equal to three. And we have two agents. Planner agent is to propose at Planner agent is to propose at Planner agent is to propose at restaurant and then refinement loop. restaurant and then refinement loop. restaurant and then refinement loop. This is uh the jet agent. So it will try This is uh the jet agent. So it will try This is uh the jet agent. So it will try the output proposed by the planner agent the output proposed by the planner agent the output proposed by the planner agent and refine it. So we have planner agent and refine it. So we have planner agent and refine it. So we have planner agent and jet agent. Okay. The jet agent will and jet agent. Okay. The jet agent will and jet agent. Okay. The jet agent will criticize the output from planner agent criticize the output from planner agent criticize the output from planner agent whether it meets the user requirements whether it meets the user requirements whether it meets the user requirements or not and then it will refine at least or not and then it will refine at least or not and then it will refine at least uh sorry at most three times. uh sorry at most three times. uh sorry at most three times. Okay. So if you want to use the loop Okay. So if you want to use the loop Okay. So if you want to use the loop agent first you have to identify agent first you have to identify agent first you have to identify completion f phrase where when do you completion f phrase where when do you completion f phrase where when do you want to stop your agent when do you want want to stop your agent when do you want want to stop your agent when do you want to stop refinement that is the to stop refinement that is the to stop refinement that is the completion phase. So here you have a completion phase. So here you have a completion phase. So here you have a function to exit the loop exit calling function to exit the loop exit calling function to exit the loop exit calling the uh credit agent. So call this the uh credit agent. So call this the uh credit agent. So call this function only when the plan is approved function only when the plan is approved function only when the plan is approved and then you have to exit and then you have to exit and then you have to exit the agent loop. Here we have our planner the agent loop. Here we have our planner the agent loop. Here we have our planner agent. So our planner agent is based on agent. So our planner agent is based on agent. So our planner agent is based on the user require they have to propose a the user require they have to propose a the user require they have to propose a single activity and single restaurant. single activity and single restaurant. single activity and single restaurant. And then And then And then we have a credit agent. So credit agent we have a credit agent. So credit agent we have a credit agent. So credit agent is is is you are a logistic expert. So the agent you are a logistic expert. So the agent you are a logistic expert. So the agent should criticize a plan and then total should criticize a plan and then total should criticize a plan and then total travel time should must be short travel time should must be short travel time should must be short and then use your tools. So they if you and then use your tools. So they if you and then use your tools. So they if you have like a external tools to assess you have like a external tools to assess you have like a external tools to assess you can identify here um to check the travel can identify here um to check the travel can identify here um to check the travel time between two locations. The travel time between two locations. The travel time between two locations. The travel if the travel time is over 55 45 minutes if the travel time is over 55 45 minutes if the travel time is over 55 45 minutes they they should provide a critics like they they should provide a critics like they they should provide a critics like the plan is inefficient the plan is inefficient the plan is inefficient otherwise if the travel time is not over otherwise if the travel time is not over otherwise if the travel time is not over 45 minutes you they have to respond 45 minutes you they have to respond 45 minutes you they have to respond completion phrase. So if the completion completion phrase. So if the completion completion phrase. So if the completion phrase arrive the credit agent can exit phrase arrive the credit agent can exit phrase arrive the credit agent can exit the loop. the loop. the loop. So here is your sequ uh loop agent. So inside the loop sequ uh loop agent. So inside the loop sequ uh loop agent. So inside the loop agent we have two agent right private agent we have two agent right private agent we have two agent right private agent and refiner agent. So refiner agent and refiner agent. So refiner agent and refiner agent. So refiner agent is uh to identify agent is uh to identify agent is uh to identify the output and then generate a new plan. the output and then generate a new plan. the output and then generate a new plan. So refiner agent is if the cryics So refiner agent is if the cryics So refiner agent is if the cryics becomes a completion phrase they can becomes a completion phrase they can becomes a completion phrase they can exit the loop otherwise they have to exit the loop otherwise they have to exit the loop otherwise they have to generate a new plan generate a new plan generate a new plan right so the refiner agent is until we right so the refiner agent is until we right so the refiner agent is until we reach the completion phrase reach the completion phrase reach the completion phrase they have to generate a new plan but they have to generate a new plan but they have to generate a new plan but here we have we in inside the refinement here we have we in inside the refinement here we have we in inside the refinement loop we have to identify how many times loop we have to identify how many times loop we have to identify how many times we want to refine so here we want to we want to refine so here we want to we want to refine so here we want to refine at post three times, right? So refine at post three times, right? So refine at post three times, right? So this is the mass iterations that you this is the mass iterations that you this is the mass iterations that you want to iterate your want to iterate your want to iterate your agent agent agent and then finally we have to combine all and then finally we have to combine all and then finally we have to combine all of that concept together inside the of that concept together inside the of that concept together inside the sequential agent. So in this sequential sequential agent. So in this sequential sequential agent. So in this sequential agent we have a planer agent they are agent we have a planer agent they are agent we have a planer agent they are like initiator they generate the initial like initiator they generate the initial like initiator they generate the initial travel plan and then we have a travel plan and then we have a travel plan and then we have a refinement loop. Refinement loop is a refinement loop. Refinement loop is a refinement loop. Refinement loop is a loop agent with two agents. The first loop agent with two agents. The first loop agent with two agents. The first one is private agent. The test of pitus one is private agent. The test of pitus one is private agent. The test of pitus agent is to check the output agent is to check the output agent is to check the output and then and then and then here. So they will use the plan from the here. So they will use the plan from the here. So they will use the plan from the planner agent right as an they will use planner agent right as an they will use planner agent right as an they will use the output from the planner agent as an the output from the planner agent as an the output from the planner agent as an input and check the travel time right input and check the travel time right input and check the travel time right and then they will pass their criticism and then they will pass their criticism and then they will pass their criticism to the refiner agent. If the criticism to the refiner agent. If the criticism to the refiner agent. If the criticism is completion phrase we can exit the is completion phrase we can exit the is completion phrase we can exit the loop. We can call exit loop otherwise loop. We can call exit loop otherwise loop. We can call exit loop otherwise refiner agent must generate a new plan. refiner agent must generate a new plan. refiner agent must generate a new plan. Right. Okay. Okay. And then in this case uh you can Okay. And then in this case uh you can Okay. And then in this case uh you can create the loop agent this way. Can you follow the loop agent concept? Feel free to let me know if you have any Feel free to let me know if you have any Feel free to let me know if you have any questions. Yes, questions. Yes, questions. Yes, &gt;&gt; there's a resource exhausted issue. &gt;&gt; there's a resource exhausted issue. &gt;&gt; there's a resource exhausted issue. &gt;&gt; Sorry. &gt;&gt; Sorry. &gt;&gt; Sorry. &gt;&gt; Resource exhausted. &gt;&gt; Resource exhausted. &gt;&gt; Resource exhausted. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, we can't go further. we can't go further. we can't go further. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. My bad. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Uh so I will move to the parallel agent. Uh so I will move to the parallel agent. Uh so I will move to the parallel agent. So the parallel agent is you you have So the parallel agent is you you have So the parallel agent is you you have like a sub agents that are running like a sub agents that are running like a sub agents that are running concurrently. concurrently. concurrently. So you you don't need to wait one agent So you you don't need to wait one agent So you you don't need to wait one agent to finish to run another agent. You can to finish to run another agent. You can to finish to run another agent. You can run multiple agents in parallel. So here run multiple agents in parallel. So here run multiple agents in parallel. So here the the the main concept of parallel agent is uh main concept of parallel agent is uh main concept of parallel agent is uh let's say we have three agents museum let's say we have three agents museum let's say we have three agents museum finder concept finder and foodie agent finder concept finder and foodie agent finder concept finder and foodie agent they will be running concurrently museum they will be running concurrently museum they will be running concurrently museum finder agent will find a museum concept finder agent will find a museum concept finder agent will find a museum concept finder will find the concept and so on finder will find the concept and so on finder will find the concept and so on and then you need a synthesis agent and then you need a synthesis agent and then you need a synthesis agent synthesize agent so synthesize agents synthesize agent so synthesize agents synthesize agent so synthesize agents store the information from all the store the information from all the store the information from all the agents and return to you return the agents and return to you return the agents and return to you return the summary to you. So you after you run summary to you. So you after you run summary to you. So you after you run three agents in parlay you can store three agents in parlay you can store three agents in parlay you can store that the you can store the information that the you can store the information that the you can store the information of the all agents to synthesize agent of the all agents to synthesize agent of the all agents to synthesize agent and that synthesize agent will return it and that synthesize agent will return it and that synthesize agent will return it to the user. Okay. So but user doesn't to the user. Okay. So but user doesn't to the user. Okay. So but user doesn't know that multiple agents are running in know that multiple agents are running in know that multiple agents are running in parallel they will get the outot from parallel they will get the outot from parallel they will get the outot from their synthesized agent. So here we identify our special agents So here we identify our special agents So here we identify our special agents three special agent museum finder three special agent museum finder three special agent museum finder concept finder and restaurant finder and concept finder and restaurant finder and concept finder and restaurant finder and then we assemble these three agent as an then we assemble these three agent as an then we assemble these three agent as an parallel. So we have three agent insight parallel. So we have three agent insight parallel. So we have three agent insight and then we have a synthesize agent. So and then we have a synthesize agent. So and then we have a synthesize agent. So synthesize agents just combine their synthesize agents just combine their synthesize agents just combine their information from museum reset, concert information from museum reset, concert information from museum reset, concert reset and restaurant reset. So those are reset and restaurant reset. So those are reset and restaurant reset. So those are from this agent right? So from museum from this agent right? So from museum from this agent right? So from museum finder agent we have museum reset as an finder agent we have museum reset as an finder agent we have museum reset as an output key from concept finder agent we output key from concept finder agent we output key from concept finder agent we have concept reset as an output key and have concept reset as an output key and have concept reset as an output key and so on. So we use this output key to the so on. So we use this output key to the so on. So we use this output key to the instruction for synthesize agent and instruction for synthesize agent and instruction for synthesize agent and then after that we assemble then after that we assemble then after that we assemble parallel research agent and synthesize parallel research agent and synthesize parallel research agent and synthesize agent as an sequential agent. agent as an sequential agent. agent as an sequential agent. So it becomes a parallel agent. So So it becomes a parallel agent. So So it becomes a parallel agent. So parallel agent is basically you have parallel agent is basically you have parallel agent is basically you have specialized agents and then you have to specialized agents and then you have to specialized agents and then you have to return the information from each agent return the information from each agent return the information from each agent and then synthesize agent can gather the and then synthesize agent can gather the and then synthesize agent can gather the information from that special agent and information from that special agent and information from that special agent and display it to the user display it to the user display it to the user and don't forget to assemble these as and don't forget to assemble these as and don't forget to assemble these as sequential agent. So in the sequential sequential agent. So in the sequential sequential agent. So in the sequential agent we have parallel research agent agent we have parallel research agent agent we have parallel research agent and then synthesize agent. So now we assemble a parallel agent So now we assemble a parallel agent So now we assemble a parallel agent workflow. workflow. workflow. So now finally we are going to put all So now finally we are going to put all So now finally we are going to put all of this together. So here we have a trip of this together. So here we have a trip of this together. So here we have a trip planner agent with a planner agent with a planner agent with a router classification. The first agent router classification. The first agent router classification. The first agent is uh classifying the user requests and is uh classifying the user requests and is uh classifying the user requests and then we have foodie agent. If the user then we have foodie agent. If the user then we have foodie agent. If the user asks about just about food, we just call asks about just about food, we just call asks about just about food, we just call the food agent. And then find and the food agent. And then find and the food agent. And then find and navigate is a sequential workflow, navigate is a sequential workflow, navigate is a sequential workflow, right? And then it planner is a loop right? And then it planner is a loop right? And then it planner is a loop workflow par we have a parallel planner workflow par we have a parallel planner workflow par we have a parallel planner and then we have a d3 agent for just and then we have a d3 agent for just and then we have a d3 agent for just basic plan. So the router agent is uh to basic plan. So the router agent is uh to basic plan. So the router agent is uh to identify the user request. Right? So identify the user request. Right? So identify the user request. Right? So here you identifying the available here you identifying the available here you identifying the available option. This must be the agent name option. This must be the agent name option. This must be the agent name right and then you assemble a dictionary right and then you assemble a dictionary right and then you assemble a dictionary of walkout agents. We have day trip of walkout agents. We have day trip of walkout agents. We have day trip find and navigate it planner parallel find and navigate it planner parallel find and navigate it planner parallel agent so on. And here agent so on. And here agent so on. And here let's see that we have three test cases. let's see that we have three test cases. let's see that we have three test cases. The first test case is find me the best The first test case is find me the best The first test case is find me the best sushi and tell me how to get there. Case sushi and tell me how to get there. Case sushi and tell me how to get there. Case two is plan me a day in San Francisco two is plan me a day in San Francisco two is plan me a day in San Francisco with a museum and nice dinner. So for with a museum and nice dinner. So for with a museum and nice dinner. So for test case two that's for sure it will go test case two that's for sure it will go test case two that's for sure it will go to the I trader warflow right and then to the I trader warflow right and then to the I trader warflow right and then the user ask to make sure the travel the user ask to make sure the travel the user ask to make sure the travel time is short right okay so let's see time is short right okay so let's see time is short right okay so let's see this one so the first one is find me the best so the first one is find me the best so the first one is find me the best restaurant. restaurant. restaurant. So the agent call to the find and So the agent call to the find and So the agent call to the find and navigate agent, right? Find and navigate agent. So here is the response from the foodie So here is the response from the foodie So here is the response from the foodie agent. agent. agent. And then another query query two is to And then another query query two is to And then another query query two is to plan a day in San Francisco with a plan a day in San Francisco with a plan a day in San Francisco with a museum and a nice dinner and make sure museum and a nice dinner and make sure museum and a nice dinner and make sure the travel time then is short. So the the travel time then is short. So the the travel time then is short. So the agent cross I traded blender agent right agent cross I traded blender agent right agent cross I traded blender agent right and then here you could see the agent output inside you could see the agent output inside you could see the agent output inside the intermediate response. the intermediate response. the intermediate response. Here Here Here they are finding the times travel time between two times travel time between two times travel time between two destination and so on. Oh okay. destination and so on. Oh okay. destination and so on. Oh okay. And got an error here and validate. Ah, okay. Let me Let me check my output. Uh function call inquited agent. Ouch. Let me think this this. Yeah, it could be that way. &gt;&gt; We missed the semicolon, I guess. Come &gt;&gt; We missed the semicolon, I guess. Come &gt;&gt; We missed the semicolon, I guess. Come on. Come on. on. Come on. on. Come on. &gt;&gt; Right, right, right, right here. Oh, &gt;&gt; Right, right, right, right here. Oh, &gt;&gt; Right, right, right, right here. Oh, I wonder likely I wonder likely I wonder likely why why why &gt;&gt; I have a question. &gt;&gt; I have a question. &gt;&gt; I have a question. &gt;&gt; Yes. No. Um so which part of the the &gt;&gt; Yes. No. Um so which part of the the &gt;&gt; Yes. No. Um so which part of the the things that we have done is the uh agent things that we have done is the uh agent things that we have done is the uh agent to agent protocol. to agent protocol. to agent protocol. &gt;&gt; Sorry &gt;&gt; which which &gt;&gt; which which &gt;&gt; which which &gt;&gt; yeah uh which part of the collab that we &gt;&gt; yeah uh which part of the collab that we &gt;&gt; yeah uh which part of the collab that we have done here is the agent to agent have done here is the agent to agent have done here is the agent to agent protocol. protocol. protocol. &gt;&gt; Uh so is uh &gt;&gt; Uh so is uh &gt;&gt; Uh so is uh do you mean like which is agent to agent do you mean like which is agent to agent do you mean like which is agent to agent right? right? right? Oh, can you rephrase your question a Oh, can you rephrase your question a Oh, can you rephrase your question a little bit? little bit? little bit? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Do we use agent to agent here or &gt;&gt; Yeah. Do we use agent to agent here or &gt;&gt; Yeah. Do we use agent to agent here or not? not? not? &gt;&gt; Uh here uh &gt;&gt; Uh here uh &gt;&gt; Uh here uh yeah of course I I think the router yeah of course I I think the router yeah of course I I think the router agent is the same as agent to agent agent is the same as agent to agent agent is the same as agent to agent owner right you you let the agent to owner right you you let the agent to owner right you you let the agent to decide what agent to go. decide what agent to go. decide what agent to go. &gt;&gt; So that is agent to agent. &gt;&gt; So that is agent to agent. &gt;&gt; So that is agent to agent. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. That's correct. That's correct. That's correct. &gt;&gt; I see. Okay. Okay. Uh, let's see the output from the Okay. Uh, let's see the output from the Okay. Uh, let's see the output from the refiner. I wonder why the refiner refiner. I wonder why the refiner refiner. I wonder why the refiner doesn't work. Okay. The final output works perfectly. Okay. The final output works perfectly. Okay. The final output works perfectly. But ah, okay. I now got it. I guess okay. So the first quy ran successfully okay. So the first quy ran successfully okay. So the first quy ran successfully calling the find and navigate agents. second query. Okay. So, here is the second query. The Okay. So, here is the second query. The Okay. So, here is the second query. The second query calls the itrative planner. Can you run or do you have the same Can you run or do you have the same Can you run or do you have the same error with me? since we using sleep here we are since we using sleep here we are since we using sleep here we are &gt;&gt; we have the issue this was exhausted &gt;&gt; we have the issue this was exhausted &gt;&gt; we have the issue this was exhausted issue issue issue &gt;&gt; okay I Yes. I I I guess the now maybe the new I I I guess the now maybe the new I I I guess the now maybe the new versioning doesn't allow to use the bit versioning doesn't allow to use the bit versioning doesn't allow to use the bit in function and custom function. Maybe in function and custom function. Maybe in function and custom function. Maybe that's why that's why that's why I need to separate the exit loop and then Google search. Okay. Uh never mind. I I think we will Okay. Uh never mind. I I think we will Okay. Uh never mind. I I think we will figure it out later. So, uh yeah, that's figure it out later. So, uh yeah, that's figure it out later. So, uh yeah, that's the uh here you should see the output the uh here you should see the output the uh here you should see the output from the parallel agents in the end like from the parallel agents in the end like from the parallel agents in the end like the the the recommendation from the agent. So the recommendation from the agent. So the recommendation from the agent. So the response is provided by the synthesize response is provided by the synthesize response is provided by the synthesize agent like they gather all the agent like they gather all the agent like they gather all the information from the parallel agent and information from the parallel agent and information from the parallel agent and then provide you with a then provide you with a then provide you with a summary. So the user cannot see the summary. So the user cannot see the summary. So the user cannot see the output from the multipay agents. So the output from the multipay agents. So the output from the multipay agents. So the the they see it from the uh synthesis the they see it from the uh synthesis the they see it from the uh synthesis agent if they call if the system is agent if they call if the system is agent if they call if the system is processed to the parallel agent. Okay. processed to the parallel agent. Okay. processed to the parallel agent. Okay. And then um so in the real world or the orchestrator in the real world or the orchestrator in the real world or the orchestrator agent uh doesn't have like a specific agent uh doesn't have like a specific agent uh doesn't have like a specific like right answer for specific like right answer for specific like right answer for specific application. It's um application. It's um application. It's um usually based on your business usually based on your business usually based on your business requirements and then like user and so requirements and then like user and so requirements and then like user and so on. So evaluation is important I would on. So evaluation is important I would on. So evaluation is important I would say. So how do you want to evaluate your say. So how do you want to evaluate your say. So how do you want to evaluate your your agent? Normally we your agent? Normally we your agent? Normally we evaluate on the uh do call scalling and evaluate on the uh do call scalling and evaluate on the uh do call scalling and so on. So right now we usually rely on so on. So right now we usually rely on so on. So right now we usually rely on the public benchmarkback right. So we the public benchmarkback right. So we the public benchmarkback right. So we normally look at the public benchmark to normally look at the public benchmark to normally look at the public benchmark to see what model is better in which text. see what model is better in which text. see what model is better in which text. But in the real world you always need to But in the real world you always need to But in the real world you always need to have the necessary custom benchmark that have the necessary custom benchmark that have the necessary custom benchmark that align with your business input. So you I align with your business input. So you I align with your business input. So you I always suggest uh like running custom always suggest uh like running custom always suggest uh like running custom benchmark is always a good idea not to benchmark is always a good idea not to benchmark is always a good idea not to rely on the public benchmark and then rely on the public benchmark and then rely on the public benchmark and then even though the agent is like going well even though the agent is like going well even though the agent is like going well it's recommended to have human in the it's recommended to have human in the it's recommended to have human in the middle to make sure everything is middle to make sure everything is middle to make sure everything is running smoothly especially uh when the running smoothly especially uh when the running smoothly especially uh when the uh like the application is uh critical uh like the application is uh critical uh like the application is uh critical and also it's important to analyze the and also it's important to analyze the and also it's important to analyze the business profit such as like API business profit such as like API business profit such as like API charges, booking goals and so on. So charges, booking goals and so on. So charges, booking goals and so on. So right now you see that we even though right now you see that we even though right now you see that we even though even we are running this vure have even we are running this vure have even we are running this vure have issues with the API right so what are issues with the API right so what are issues with the API right so what are you going to do if you are API face so you going to do if you are API face so you going to do if you are API face so on of course if you use the business on of course if you use the business on of course if you use the business like le API you might not see that like le API you might not see that like le API you might not see that issues but it's like not true that you issues but it's like not true that you issues but it's like not true that you always have no issue and you might see always have no issue and you might see always have no issue and you might see issues like when you are running issues like when you are running issues like when you are running application so how do we handle that and application so how do we handle that and application so how do we handle that and so And then it's always good to understand the model it's always good to understand the model it's always good to understand the model optimization technique for example right optimization technique for example right optimization technique for example right now we are using Gemini 2.5 right which now we are using Gemini 2.5 right which now we are using Gemini 2.5 right which is a large model but if our test can be is a large model but if our test can be is a large model but if our test can be handled by small model why we you why we handled by small model why we you why we handled by small model why we you why we should do a large model with a big price should do a large model with a big price should do a large model with a big price right with expensive token course we can right with expensive token course we can right with expensive token course we can always do like with a small model. So always do like with a small model. So always do like with a small model. So you should always try with like model you should always try with like model you should always try with like model quantization and so on trying with the quantization and so on trying with the quantization and so on trying with the opensource model and see is found does opensource model and see is found does opensource model and see is found does your agent work with small model or not your agent work with small model or not your agent work with small model or not something like that and then for example something like that and then for example something like that and then for example like my suggestion is like you could try like my suggestion is like you could try like my suggestion is like you could try your agent orchestration system your agent orchestration system your agent orchestration system like like like to call different model for different to call different model for different to call different model for different texts. For example, if you are text is texts. For example, if you are text is texts. For example, if you are text is simple, you can call the symbol model simple, you can call the symbol model simple, you can call the symbol model like even open source one like Jama and like even open source one like Jama and like even open source one like Jama and so on and call Gemini or other expensive so on and call Gemini or other expensive so on and call Gemini or other expensive model only if you you need to do so model only if you you need to do so model only if you you need to do so right and then for example like let's right and then for example like let's right and then for example like let's think about the router classific router think about the router classific router think about the router classific router agent or something like that you can agent or something like that you can agent or something like that you can replace it with simple machine learning replace it with simple machine learning replace it with simple machine learning classification right you could run that classification right you could run that classification right you could run that model classification to classify issues model classification to classify issues model classification to classify issues are requests and so on. So it can reduce are requests and so on. So it can reduce are requests and so on. So it can reduce the API calling cost and so on. So the API calling cost and so on. So the API calling cost and so on. So uh my suggestion is like is uh you are uh my suggestion is like is uh you are uh my suggestion is like is uh you are like your idea as an AI engineer how to like your idea as an AI engineer how to like your idea as an AI engineer how to pick the agent system. There is no like pick the agent system. There is no like pick the agent system. There is no like right or wrong based on the specific right or wrong based on the specific right or wrong based on the specific situation but always uh like make in situation but always uh like make in situation but always uh like make in your mind the accuracy optimization like your mind the accuracy optimization like your mind the accuracy optimization like corals those are the business priority. corals those are the business priority. corals those are the business priority. So we have to always care about it. So we have to always care about it. So we have to always care about it. Yeah. Thank you for joining today. Yeah. Thank you for joining today. Yeah. Thank you for joining today. Yeah, that's all for today. But if you Yeah, that's all for today. But if you Yeah, that's all for today. But if you have any question, I feel free to ask have any question, I feel free to ask have any question, I feel free to ask me. And here I also suggest the me. And here I also suggest the me. And here I also suggest the the good paper for agent evaluation. If the good paper for agent evaluation. If the good paper for agent evaluation. If you have some time, please check out you have some time, please check out you have some time, please check out this paper like they provide a very this paper like they provide a very this paper like they provide a very comprehensive review for agent comprehensive review for agent comprehensive review for agent evaluation. you will need that for like evaluation. you will need that for like evaluation. you will need that for like future agent development. Evaluation is future agent development. Evaluation is future agent development. Evaluation is important in the real world. So I I here important in the real world. So I I here important in the real world. So I I here provide a good paper and if you like provide a good paper and if you like provide a good paper and if you like want to do like you could try building want to do like you could try building want to do like you could try building your own agent system and share with the your own agent system and share with the your own agent system and share with the hashtag bitwigm hashtag bitwigm hashtag bitwigm 2016 in linking or Twitter and we would 2016 in linking or Twitter and we would 2016 in linking or Twitter and we would like to see that. like to see that. like to see that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Thank you for &gt;&gt; Yeah. Thank you for &gt;&gt; Yeah. Thank you for &gt;&gt; Thank you so much doctor for amazing &gt;&gt; Thank you so much doctor for amazing &gt;&gt; Thank you so much doctor for amazing session today. Uh I'm really really session today. Uh I'm really really session today. Uh I'm really really happy to have you back again. happy to have you back again. happy to have you back again. &gt;&gt; It's my pleasures to back &gt;&gt; It's my pleasures to back &gt;&gt; It's my pleasures to back &gt;&gt; and also all the participant I hope uh &gt;&gt; and also all the participant I hope uh &gt;&gt; and also all the participant I hope uh it was really really helpful because I it was really really helpful because I it was really really helpful because I also saw that doctor went through from also saw that doctor went through from also saw that doctor went through from the beginning uh like if you let's say the beginning uh like if you let's say the beginning uh like if you let's say didn't join previous session you can didn't join previous session you can didn't join previous session you can still catch up because doctor went still catch up because doctor went still catch up because doctor went through all the all all of the stages through all the all all of the stages through all the all all of the stages and uh yeah it was really really and uh yeah it was really really and uh yeah it was really really helpful. uh before we finish our session helpful. uh before we finish our session helpful. uh before we finish our session uh uh once again I I would like to thank uh uh once again I I would like to thank uh uh once again I I would like to thank doctor and also all the participants for doctor and also all the participants for doctor and also all the participants for joining today and please open your joining today and please open your joining today and please open your camera so we can have a small camera so we can have a small camera so we can have a small photography session and do not forget to complete today's and do not forget to complete today's and do not forget to complete today's quest usual uh use our usual um what is quest usual uh use our usual um what is quest usual uh use our usual um what is it called hashtags uh Dr. also say if it called hashtags uh Dr. also say if it called hashtags uh Dr. also say if you uh you can also put that one and you uh you can also put that one and you uh you can also put that one and also don't forget to uh mention doctor also don't forget to uh mention doctor also don't forget to uh mention doctor and us on LinkedIn. So yeah, Ho is here and us on LinkedIn. So yeah, Ho is here and us on LinkedIn. So yeah, Ho is here right? Hello Ho. right? Hello Ho. right? Hello Ho. Okay, who is here? So we can have a Okay, who is here? So we can have a Okay, who is here? So we can have a photography session. Our usual GDG sign. photography session. Our usual GDG sign. photography session. Our usual GDG sign. Okay, three, Okay, three, Okay, three, two, two, two, one. Okay.
