By the end of this video, you'll have By the end of this video, you'll have By the end of this video, you'll have built your very own Rag AI agent, even built your very own Rag AI agent, even built your very own Rag AI agent, even if you're starting at the complete if you're starting at the complete if you're starting at the complete beginning, without having to write a beginning, without having to write a beginning, without having to write a single line of code. So, we're going to single line of code. So, we're going to single line of code. So, we're going to break all of it down. I'm going to break all of it down. I'm going to break all of it down. I'm going to explain it as simply as I can. We're explain it as simply as I can. We're explain it as simply as I can. We're going to walk through the build step by going to walk through the build step by going to walk through the build step by step. And by the end, I think you're step. And by the end, I think you're step. And by the end, I think you're going to be really shocked at how much going to be really shocked at how much going to be really shocked at how much simpler this all is than you initially simpler this all is than you initially simpler this all is than you initially thought. Let's not waste any time and thought. Let's not waste any time and thought. Let's not waste any time and get straight into it. So, just wanted to get straight into it. So, just wanted to get straight into it. So, just wanted to start off with a quick definition of RAG start off with a quick definition of RAG start off with a quick definition of RAG since it's probably a term that you've since it's probably a term that you've since it's probably a term that you've been hearing but may not completely been hearing but may not completely been hearing but may not completely understand. So, RAG stands for retrieval understand. So, RAG stands for retrieval understand. So, RAG stands for retrieval augmented generation. And the simplest augmented generation. And the simplest augmented generation. And the simplest way to think about it is retrieving way to think about it is retrieving way to think about it is retrieving information in order to answer a information in order to answer a information in order to answer a question accurately. So if someone asks question accurately. So if someone asks question accurately. So if someone asks you how many feet are in a mile and you you how many feet are in a mile and you you how many feet are in a mile and you don't know, you'd probably Google it. don't know, you'd probably Google it. don't know, you'd probably Google it. You'd retrieve that answer and then You'd retrieve that answer and then You'd retrieve that answer and then you'd respond to them. And so when I say you'd respond to them. And so when I say you'd respond to them. And so when I say rag agent, we're basically just building rag agent, we're basically just building rag agent, we're basically just building an intelligent AI agent that has access an intelligent AI agent that has access an intelligent AI agent that has access to different data sources so that when to different data sources so that when to different data sources so that when you ask it a question, it's able to look you ask it a question, it's able to look you ask it a question, it's able to look up the information, look up the right up the information, look up the right up the information, look up the right answer, and then provide a response to answer, and then provide a response to answer, and then provide a response to you. So I just wanted to clear that up you. So I just wanted to clear that up you. So I just wanted to clear that up because I think a lot of people because I think a lot of people because I think a lot of people associate Rag with explicitly vector associate Rag with explicitly vector associate Rag with explicitly vector databases, but that's definitely not the databases, but that's definitely not the databases, but that's definitely not the case. Rag just means getting more case. Rag just means getting more case. Rag just means getting more information to intelligently generate an information to intelligently generate an information to intelligently generate an answer. However, today we are going to answer. However, today we are going to answer. However, today we are going to be building a rag agent that works with be building a rag agent that works with be building a rag agent that works with a vector database. If you don't a vector database. If you don't a vector database. If you don't understand what a vector database is, understand what a vector database is, understand what a vector database is, don't worry. Here's what it is. A vector don't worry. Here's what it is. A vector don't worry. Here's what it is. A vector database is a multi-dimensional space database is a multi-dimensional space database is a multi-dimensional space where we have different vectors where we have different vectors where we have different vectors everywhere. And those are all of the everywhere. And those are all of the everywhere. And those are all of the dots that you see right here. And all of dots that you see right here. And all of dots that you see right here. And all of these vectors represent different chunks these vectors represent different chunks these vectors represent different chunks of text and they're placed in this space of text and they're placed in this space of text and they're placed in this space based on the meaning. So over here we based on the meaning. So over here we based on the meaning. So over here we have apple and banana. So all of the have apple and banana. So all of the have apple and banana. So all of the vectors that are in this area probably vectors that are in this area probably vectors that are in this area probably have to do with fruits. And then on this have to do with fruits. And then on this have to do with fruits. And then on this side we have wolf, dog, and cat. So all side we have wolf, dog, and cat. So all side we have wolf, dog, and cat. So all of the vectors on this side of the of the vectors on this side of the of the vectors on this side of the vector database probably have to do with vector database probably have to do with vector database probably have to do with animals. And right here you can see a animals. And right here you can see a animals. And right here you can see a query coming through that's kitten and query coming through that's kitten and query coming through that's kitten and it's placed near the other animals. But it's placed near the other animals. But it's placed near the other animals. But I'll explain the whole query concept in I'll explain the whole query concept in I'll explain the whole query concept in a few slides later. So anyways, I said a few slides later. So anyways, I said a few slides later. So anyways, I said we're going to be setting up a vector we're going to be setting up a vector we're going to be setting up a vector database for our AI agent. And in order database for our AI agent. And in order database for our AI agent. And in order to do that, we need to set up two to do that, we need to set up two to do that, we need to set up two different things for this vector rag. different things for this vector rag. different things for this vector rag. The first one is going to be a rag The first one is going to be a rag The first one is going to be a rag pipeline which basically just means we pipeline which basically just means we pipeline which basically just means we need to get data into our vector need to get data into our vector need to get data into our vector database. And then the second part is database. And then the second part is database. And then the second part is going to be the actual rag agent where going to be the actual rag agent where going to be the actual rag agent where that's when we actually get to talk to that's when we actually get to talk to that's when we actually get to talk to the data in our vector database. So the the data in our vector database. So the the data in our vector database. So the first part of what we're doing here is first part of what we're doing here is first part of what we're doing here is the rag pipeline and it's really simple. the rag pipeline and it's really simple. the rag pipeline and it's really simple. So let me break it down. So here's a So let me break it down. So here's a So let me break it down. So here's a visualization of a rag pipeline. We visualization of a rag pipeline. We visualization of a rag pipeline. We start off with a text document and this start off with a text document and this start off with a text document and this is what we want to put inside of our is what we want to put inside of our is what we want to put inside of our vector database. Then we have to do vector database. Then we have to do vector database. Then we have to do three things. we have to chunk it so three things. we have to chunk it so three things. we have to chunk it so that all of the pieces get split into that all of the pieces get split into that all of the pieces get split into different chunks. And each of those different chunks. And each of those different chunks. And each of those chunks is what's going to be associated chunks is what's going to be associated chunks is what's going to be associated with one vector, one of those dots in with one vector, one of those dots in with one vector, one of those dots in the graph. After it's chunked, we run it the graph. After it's chunked, we run it the graph. After it's chunked, we run it through an embeddings model. And this through an embeddings model. And this through an embeddings model. And this basically just means we're turning that basically just means we're turning that basically just means we're turning that text into a bunch of numbers. And then text into a bunch of numbers. And then text into a bunch of numbers. And then with those numbers, with those with those numbers, with those with those numbers, with those embeddings, we're able to vectorize the embeddings, we're able to vectorize the embeddings, we're able to vectorize the information. And that's how they get information. And that's how they get information. And that's how they get placed based on the meaning. So in this placed based on the meaning. So in this placed based on the meaning. So in this case, we can just pretend that the first case, we can just pretend that the first case, we can just pretend that the first top chunk has to do with company top chunk has to do with company top chunk has to do with company information, the middle chunk has to do information, the middle chunk has to do information, the middle chunk has to do with finances, and then the bottom chunk with finances, and then the bottom chunk with finances, and then the bottom chunk has to do with marketing. So that's why has to do with marketing. So that's why has to do with marketing. So that's why they're placed in different areas in they're placed in different areas in they're placed in different areas in this vector database. And we're going to this vector database. And we're going to this vector database. And we're going to be building our rag pipeline and our rag be building our rag pipeline and our rag be building our rag pipeline and our rag agent in a software called Nadn, which agent in a software called Nadn, which agent in a software called Nadn, which lets us drag and drop, no code, super lets us drag and drop, no code, super lets us drag and drop, no code, super easy. And this is what it's going to end easy. And this is what it's going to end easy. And this is what it's going to end up looking like in nitn. So it's super up looking like in nitn. So it's super up looking like in nitn. So it's super simple. We're going to be getting our simple. We're going to be getting our simple. We're going to be getting our document from Google Drive. And then document from Google Drive. And then document from Google Drive. And then once we have it, we have to chunk, once we have it, we have to chunk, once we have it, we have to chunk, embed, and vectorize. So we're going to embed, and vectorize. So we're going to embed, and vectorize. So we're going to use this data loader to chunk it, this use this data loader to chunk it, this use this data loader to chunk it, this embeddings model to embed it, and then embeddings model to embed it, and then embeddings model to embed it, and then this superbase node to vectorize it and this superbase node to vectorize it and this superbase node to vectorize it and put it in our vector database. And as put it in our vector database. And as put it in our vector database. And as you can see, it's a really simple setup. you can see, it's a really simple setup. you can see, it's a really simple setup. It's only five different nodes, and no It's only five different nodes, and no It's only five different nodes, and no coding will be required. And now the coding will be required. And now the coding will be required. And now the second part of the system once our data second part of the system once our data second part of the system once our data is actually in that vector database is is actually in that vector database is is actually in that vector database is we have to build an agent that can talk we have to build an agent that can talk we have to build an agent that can talk to it. So here's a visualization of how to it. So here's a visualization of how to it. So here's a visualization of how a rag agent works. And it's a very a rag agent works. And it's a very a rag agent works. And it's a very similar process. So the agent gets similar process. So the agent gets similar process. So the agent gets triggered when we make a query. So triggered when we make a query. So triggered when we make a query. So that's how it would start off. Let's say that's how it would start off. Let's say that's how it would start off. Let's say in this case our query is what is in this case our query is what is in this case our query is what is company X's mission statement. The agent company X's mission statement. The agent company X's mission statement. The agent then takes that query and then it's then takes that query and then it's then takes that query and then it's basically going to send it off to the basically going to send it off to the basically going to send it off to the embeddings model to get embedded and embeddings model to get embedded and embeddings model to get embedded and turned into numbers. And we run it turned into numbers. And we run it turned into numbers. And we run it through the same embeddings model that through the same embeddings model that through the same embeddings model that we did earlier in the pipeline so that we did earlier in the pipeline so that we did earlier in the pipeline so that everything is consistent and matches up. everything is consistent and matches up. everything is consistent and matches up. Once that query is embedded, it Once that query is embedded, it Once that query is embedded, it basically gets vectorized and placed in basically gets vectorized and placed in basically gets vectorized and placed in that vector database. And you can see that vector database. And you can see that vector database. And you can see right here because we asked about right here because we asked about right here because we asked about company X's mission statement, it gets company X's mission statement, it gets company X's mission statement, it gets placed near the other vector that had to placed near the other vector that had to placed near the other vector that had to do with the company information. From do with the company information. From do with the company information. From there, we pull back the company vector there, we pull back the company vector there, we pull back the company vector because it's close to this one. We pull because it's close to this one. We pull because it's close to this one. We pull back the actual query that was asked in back the actual query that was asked in back the actual query that was asked in the first place. And then the AI agent the first place. And then the AI agent the first place. And then the AI agent uses its AI brain to generate an answer uses its AI brain to generate an answer uses its AI brain to generate an answer for us. And so that's why back in this for us. And so that's why back in this for us. And so that's why back in this slide, we had the query equals kitten. slide, we had the query equals kitten. slide, we had the query equals kitten. And that's how we know it got placed And that's how we know it got placed And that's how we know it got placed near other animal related vectors. So near other animal related vectors. So near other animal related vectors. So what is this going to look like when we what is this going to look like when we what is this going to look like when we get into NIDN? As you can see, once get into NIDN? As you can see, once get into NIDN? As you can see, once again, not too difficult. We have a chat again, not too difficult. We have a chat again, not too difficult. We have a chat trigger right here. And this is how we trigger right here. And this is how we trigger right here. And this is how we can talk to the agent and we trigger it can talk to the agent and we trigger it can talk to the agent and we trigger it with a query. From there, the agent with a query. From there, the agent with a query. From there, the agent takes our query and it has to send it to takes our query and it has to send it to takes our query and it has to send it to the embeddings model to be embedded. the embeddings model to be embedded. the embeddings model to be embedded. After that, it's going to send it back After that, it's going to send it back After that, it's going to send it back to Superbase to be vectorized. The to Superbase to be vectorized. The to Superbase to be vectorized. The agent's then going to look at our agent's then going to look at our agent's then going to look at our original query, the vectorzed original query, the vectorzed original query, the vectorzed information, and then it's going to use information, and then it's going to use information, and then it's going to use its brain to generate an answer for us. its brain to generate an answer for us. its brain to generate an answer for us. And for this specific use case, the And for this specific use case, the And for this specific use case, the document that we are going to vectorize document that we are going to vectorize document that we are going to vectorize is going to be a 22page PDF going over is going to be a 22page PDF going over is going to be a 22page PDF going over the rules of golf. So, once again, this the rules of golf. So, once again, this the rules of golf. So, once again, this process is we're going to chunk up the process is we're going to chunk up the process is we're going to chunk up the document. We're going to embed it and document. We're going to embed it and document. We're going to embed it and vectorize it, and that's how it gets in vectorize it, and that's how it gets in vectorize it, and that's how it gets in our vector database. And once we have our vector database. And once we have our vector database. And once we have all the information in the vector all the information in the vector all the information in the vector database, we can talk to it through our database, we can talk to it through our database, we can talk to it through our AI agent. So that's the example that AI agent. So that's the example that AI agent. So that's the example that we're going to build out today together. we're going to build out today together. we're going to build out today together. But just so we can zoom out real quick, But just so we can zoom out real quick, But just so we can zoom out real quick, the actual data source for the vector the actual data source for the vector the actual data source for the vector database does not always have to be a database does not always have to be a database does not always have to be a textbased document. And the way that we textbased document. And the way that we textbased document. And the way that we talk to our agent doesn't always have to talk to our agent doesn't always have to talk to our agent doesn't always have to be a chat trigger. Data sources could be be a chat trigger. Data sources could be be a chat trigger. Data sources could be whatever we want. It could be whenever a whatever we want. It could be whenever a whatever we want. It could be whenever a new record or a new ticket in HubSpot is new record or a new ticket in HubSpot is new record or a new ticket in HubSpot is submitted, we turn that into a vector. submitted, we turn that into a vector. submitted, we turn that into a vector. Could be an air table trigger. It could Could be an air table trigger. It could Could be an air table trigger. It could be every single email we get, we want to be every single email we get, we want to be every single email we get, we want to put that into a vector database. There's put that into a vector database. There's put that into a vector database. There's tons of different use cases. Same thing tons of different use cases. Same thing tons of different use cases. Same thing with the agent trigger. It could be with the agent trigger. It could be with the agent trigger. It could be something where the agent only works something where the agent only works something where the agent only works when we talk to it and we send it like a when we talk to it and we send it like a when we talk to it and we send it like a text message. Or it could also be, okay, text message. Or it could also be, okay, text message. Or it could also be, okay, whenever I get an email, I want the whenever I get an email, I want the whenever I get an email, I want the agent to read the email, look up agent to read the email, look up agent to read the email, look up information in my vector database, and information in my vector database, and information in my vector database, and then respond for me. Or it could just be then respond for me. Or it could just be then respond for me. Or it could just be every morning, the agent's going to go every morning, the agent's going to go every morning, the agent's going to go off, look in the vector database, and off, look in the vector database, and off, look in the vector database, and send me some sort of summary. Or the send me some sort of summary. Or the send me some sort of summary. Or the agent could also be triggered on agent could also be triggered on agent could also be triggered on something like a form submission. So something like a form submission. So something like a form submission. So there's lots of ways that you can bake there's lots of ways that you can bake there's lots of ways that you can bake in Rag and Rag agents into whatever sort in Rag and Rag agents into whatever sort in Rag and Rag agents into whatever sort of flow you're looking to automate. And of flow you're looking to automate. And of flow you're looking to automate. And finally, just wanted to touch on real finally, just wanted to touch on real finally, just wanted to touch on real quick. There's different providers for quick. There's different providers for quick. There's different providers for vector databases, and they all kind of vector databases, and they all kind of vector databases, and they all kind of have their strengths and weaknesses. have their strengths and weaknesses. have their strengths and weaknesses. What we're going with today is What we're going with today is What we're going with today is Superbase. I'm not going to dive too Superbase. I'm not going to dive too Superbase. I'm not going to dive too deep into exactly why I'm choosing deep into exactly why I'm choosing deep into exactly why I'm choosing Superbase today. It has more than just Superbase today. It has more than just Superbase today. It has more than just vector database capabilities. It also vector database capabilities. It also vector database capabilities. It also lets us do relational database stuff. lets us do relational database stuff. lets us do relational database stuff. And what we're going to do today is And what we're going to do today is And what we're going to do today is we're going to use Superbase for the we're going to use Superbase for the we're going to use Superbase for the vector store, which is built on top of vector store, which is built on top of vector store, which is built on top of Postgress SQL. So it's kind of a twoin Postgress SQL. So it's kind of a twoin Postgress SQL. So it's kind of a twoin one. and we're going to use Postgress one. and we're going to use Postgress one. and we're going to use Postgress SQL for our short-term memory. So, I'll SQL for our short-term memory. So, I'll SQL for our short-term memory. So, I'll show you guys all of this. Let's go over show you guys all of this. Let's go over show you guys all of this. Let's go over to nitn and get set up. All right, so to nitn and get set up. All right, so to nitn and get set up. All right, so here we are at subabase.com. And if you here we are at subabase.com. And if you here we are at subabase.com. And if you haven't set this up before, don't worry. haven't set this up before, don't worry. haven't set this up before, don't worry. We're going to walk through that We're going to walk through that We're going to walk through that together. What I'm going to do is just together. What I'm going to do is just together. What I'm going to do is just click right here on this green button click right here on this green button click right here on this green button that says start your project. You can that says start your project. You can that says start your project. You can see that I already have a project set see that I already have a project set see that I already have a project set up. What I'm going to do is just go up. What I'm going to do is just go up. What I'm going to do is just go ahead and create a new one. I'm going to ahead and create a new one. I'm going to ahead and create a new one. I'm going to be able to spin up this one for free. be able to spin up this one for free. be able to spin up this one for free. I'm just going to call this one test. I'm just going to call this one test. I'm just going to call this one test. And then I need to give myself a And then I need to give myself a And then I need to give myself a database password. So, I've given myself database password. So, I've given myself database password. So, I've given myself a password. And don't forget this a password. And don't forget this a password. And don't forget this password because we're obviously going password because we're obviously going password because we're obviously going to have to use this later to connect to have to use this later to connect to have to use this later to connect Nitn to our Subase. All right, so right Nitn to our Subase. All right, so right Nitn to our Subase. All right, so right now you can see our project is going to now you can see our project is going to now you can see our project is going to be spinning up right now and this will be spinning up right now and this will be spinning up right now and this will eventually go green. So while we're eventually go green. So while we're eventually go green. So while we're waiting for this to get set up, let's waiting for this to get set up, let's waiting for this to get set up, let's hop over to Niten and create a new hop over to Niten and create a new hop over to Niten and create a new workflow in order for us to start this workflow in order for us to start this workflow in order for us to start this whole rag pipeline. So like I told you whole rag pipeline. So like I told you whole rag pipeline. So like I told you guys, what we're going to be putting in guys, what we're going to be putting in guys, what we're going to be putting in our vector database today is this PDF our vector database today is this PDF our vector database today is this PDF that's in my Google Drive called the that's in my Google Drive called the that's in my Google Drive called the rules of golf simplified, and it is a rules of golf simplified, and it is a rules of golf simplified, and it is a 22page PDF. Real quick, guys, I figured 22page PDF. Real quick, guys, I figured 22page PDF. Real quick, guys, I figured that it would be a better experience to that it would be a better experience to that it would be a better experience to go through this video using the exact go through this video using the exact go through this video using the exact same PDF that I've got right here, just same PDF that I've got right here, just same PDF that I've got right here, just so you can follow everything I'm doing so you can follow everything I'm doing so you can follow everything I'm doing step by step. So, I'll have a link to step by step. So, I'll have a link to step by step. So, I'll have a link to this PDF in my free school community. this PDF in my free school community. this PDF in my free school community. The link for that will be down in the The link for that will be down in the The link for that will be down in the description. You'll join the free school description. You'll join the free school description. You'll join the free school and then when you come in here, just and then when you come in here, just and then when you come in here, just search right here for the title of the search right here for the title of the search right here for the title of the video or go to YouTube resources and video or go to YouTube resources and video or go to YouTube resources and when you find the post associated with when you find the post associated with when you find the post associated with the video, you'll see there'll be the video, you'll see there'll be the video, you'll see there'll be resources right here. So, that was a bad resources right here. So, that was a bad resources right here. So, that was a bad example, but in this one, you can see example, but in this one, you can see example, but in this one, you can see there's a JSON file, and this is where there's a JSON file, and this is where there's a JSON file, and this is where I'll attach the PDF for you to use. So, I'll attach the PDF for you to use. So, I'll attach the PDF for you to use. So, in order for us to access that PDF, we in order for us to access that PDF, we in order for us to access that PDF, we are going to have to connect to Google are going to have to connect to Google are going to have to connect to Google Drive and end it in. So, what I'm going Drive and end it in. So, what I'm going Drive and end it in. So, what I'm going to do real quick is hit tab. I'm going to do real quick is hit tab. I'm going to do real quick is hit tab. I'm going to type in Google Drive. I misspelled to type in Google Drive. I misspelled to type in Google Drive. I misspelled Google a little bit. Click on that. And Google a little bit. Click on that. And Google a little bit. Click on that. And then I'm going to open up the actions, then I'm going to open up the actions, then I'm going to open up the actions, which is going to be download file. Now which is going to be download file. Now which is going to be download file. Now that I'm in this node, all I have to do that I'm in this node, all I have to do that I'm in this node, all I have to do is connect to my Google account. If you is connect to my Google account. If you is connect to my Google account. If you don't know how to do that or haven't had don't know how to do that or haven't had don't know how to do that or haven't had that set up yet, go ahead and check out that set up yet, go ahead and check out that set up yet, go ahead and check out this video. I walk through it step by this video. I walk through it step by this video. I walk through it step by step. It'll take like 3 minutes. Once step. It'll take like 3 minutes. Once step. It'll take like 3 minutes. Once you finish that and you're connected to you finish that and you're connected to you finish that and you're connected to your Google Drive, all we're going to do your Google Drive, all we're going to do your Google Drive, all we're going to do is look through our list of different is look through our list of different is look through our list of different documents in our account. And ours was documents in our account. And ours was documents in our account. And ours was called Rules of Golf. So, I'll type in called Rules of Golf. So, I'll type in called Rules of Golf. So, I'll type in rule and we should see it pop up right rule and we should see it pop up right rule and we should see it pop up right there. And now I'm going to be able to there. And now I'm going to be able to there. And now I'm going to be able to pull in this PDF. So, if I hit execute pull in this PDF. So, if I hit execute pull in this PDF. So, if I hit execute step, we should be able to see it come step, we should be able to see it come step, we should be able to see it come through on this right hand side. And through on this right hand side. And through on this right hand side. And there it is. It is our binary data, there it is. It is our binary data, there it is. It is our binary data, which is our rules of golf PDF. And what which is our rules of golf PDF. And what which is our rules of golf PDF. And what you'll also notice is when you ran this you'll also notice is when you ran this you'll also notice is when you ran this node, it automatically added this when node, it automatically added this when node, it automatically added this when clicking execute workflow trigger, which clicking execute workflow trigger, which clicking execute workflow trigger, which basically means whenever I click this basically means whenever I click this basically means whenever I click this button down here, it's going to run the button down here, it's going to run the button down here, it's going to run the rest of the nodes that we have linked rest of the nodes that we have linked rest of the nodes that we have linked up. So we have our PDF right here, and up. So we have our PDF right here, and up. So we have our PDF right here, and all we have to do next is actually put all we have to do next is actually put all we have to do next is actually put it into Superbase. So it's going to be it into Superbase. So it's going to be it into Superbase. So it's going to be super simple. I'm going to click on this super simple. I'm going to click on this super simple. I'm going to click on this plus button after the Google Drive. I'm plus button after the Google Drive. I'm plus button after the Google Drive. I'm going to type in Superbase and we can going to type in Superbase and we can going to type in Superbase and we can see we have Superbase and this is where see we have Superbase and this is where see we have Superbase and this is where we have like our relational tables and we have like our relational tables and we have like our relational tables and stuff. But what we want to do is access stuff. But what we want to do is access stuff. But what we want to do is access a vector store. So I'm going to click on a vector store. So I'm going to click on a vector store. So I'm going to click on Superbase vector store I'm going to Superbase vector store I'm going to Superbase vector store I'm going to click on add documents to vector store click on add documents to vector store click on add documents to vector store and now what we're going to have to do and now what we're going to have to do and now what we're going to have to do is set up our superbase credential and is set up our superbase credential and is set up our superbase credential and also in subbase create a vector database also in subbase create a vector database also in subbase create a vector database table. So in order to create our table. So in order to create our table. So in order to create our superbase credential I'm going to open superbase credential I'm going to open superbase credential I'm going to open up this dropown and click on create new up this dropown and click on create new up this dropown and click on create new credential and what it asks us for is a credential and what it asks us for is a credential and what it asks us for is a host and a service ro secret. So all I host and a service ro secret. So all I host and a service ro secret. So all I have to do is go back into subbase. You have to do is go back into subbase. You have to do is go back into subbase. You can see now our project status is green can see now our project status is green can see now our project status is green everything's healthy and on this lefth everything's healthy and on this lefth everything's healthy and on this lefth hand side I'm going to go over all the hand side I'm going to go over all the hand side I'm going to go over all the way down to settings. In here, I'm going way down to settings. In here, I'm going way down to settings. In here, I'm going to scroll all the way down on this lefth to scroll all the way down on this lefth to scroll all the way down on this lefth hand side to data API. And then right hand side to data API. And then right hand side to data API. And then right here, this project URL is actually our here, this project URL is actually our here, this project URL is actually our host. So, I'll click on copy. We'll go host. So, I'll click on copy. We'll go host. So, I'll click on copy. We'll go back into edit end and we will paste the back into edit end and we will paste the back into edit end and we will paste the host right there. And then in order to host right there. And then in order to host right there. And then in order to get our service roll secret, we're going get our service roll secret, we're going get our service roll secret, we're going to go back into Subbase. I'm going to to go back into Subbase. I'm going to to go back into Subbase. I'm going to click on this left-hand side right here click on this left-hand side right here click on this left-hand side right here where it says API keys. And then this where it says API keys. And then this where it says API keys. And then this button right here, service ro secret. button right here, service ro secret. button right here, service ro secret. You'll hit reveal. You'll copy it and You'll hit reveal. You'll copy it and You'll hit reveal. You'll copy it and then you'll paste that into the section. then you'll paste that into the section. then you'll paste that into the section. So, I just copied that key, pasted it in So, I just copied that key, pasted it in So, I just copied that key, pasted it in here. And now if I hit save, we should here. And now if I hit save, we should here. And now if I hit save, we should be connected to Superbase. Then it's be connected to Superbase. Then it's be connected to Superbase. Then it's always best practice to name that always best practice to name that always best practice to name that credential either your email or the date credential either your email or the date credential either your email or the date or whatever it is just so you can keep or whatever it is just so you can keep or whatever it is just so you can keep them all separate. So we've officially them all separate. So we've officially them all separate. So we've officially connected to Superbase. And now what we connected to Superbase. And now what we connected to Superbase. And now what we need to do is set up a table. If I click need to do is set up a table. If I click need to do is set up a table. If I click into here, you can see that there's no into here, you can see that there's no into here, you can see that there's no tables in our account. This may seem tables in our account. This may seem tables in our account. This may seem technical, but it's going to be super technical, but it's going to be super technical, but it's going to be super easy. You're just going to click on docs easy. You're just going to click on docs easy. You're just going to click on docs right here. You're going to scroll a right here. You're going to scroll a right here. You're going to scroll a little bit down where there is a quick little bit down where there is a quick little bit down where there is a quick start for setting up your vector store. start for setting up your vector store. start for setting up your vector store. And then once we get to this page, all And then once we get to this page, all And then once we get to this page, all we have to do is scroll down a little we have to do is scroll down a little we have to do is scroll down a little bit and copy this SQL command right here bit and copy this SQL command right here bit and copy this SQL command right here and go back into our Subase and on the and go back into our Subase and on the and go back into our Subase and on the lefth hand side, we're going to go to lefth hand side, we're going to go to lefth hand side, we're going to go to the SQL editor. Once this opens up, the SQL editor. Once this opens up, the SQL editor. Once this opens up, we're just going to click on new SQL we're just going to click on new SQL we're just going to click on new SQL snippet. Paste that in there. Don't have snippet. Paste that in there. Don't have snippet. Paste that in there. Don't have to change anything. And then hit run. to change anything. And then hit run. to change anything. And then hit run. And this is basically going to create a And this is basically going to create a And this is basically going to create a vector database for us called documents. vector database for us called documents. vector database for us called documents. If you've already run this command If you've already run this command If you've already run this command before and you want to create a before and you want to create a before and you want to create a different table, all you have to do is different table, all you have to do is different table, all you have to do is get rid of this first two lines that say get rid of this first two lines that say get rid of this first two lines that say create extension vector because you've create extension vector because you've create extension vector because you've already created the extension. And then already created the extension. And then already created the extension. And then right here where it says create table right here where it says create table right here where it says create table documents, you'll just change that name. documents, you'll just change that name. documents, you'll just change that name. Instead of documents, you'll put in the Instead of documents, you'll put in the Instead of documents, you'll put in the name that you want for your table. And name that you want for your table. And name that you want for your table. And then you'll just have to change every then you'll just have to change every then you'll just have to change every instance in the rest of the command instance in the rest of the command instance in the rest of the command where you see documents. You'll put in where you see documents. You'll put in where you see documents. You'll put in whatever you typed in right here for whatever you typed in right here for whatever you typed in right here for your table name. But now, if I go on the your table name. But now, if I go on the your table name. But now, if I go on the lefth hand side and go to table editor, lefth hand side and go to table editor, lefth hand side and go to table editor, you can see that we have a table right you can see that we have a table right you can see that we have a table right here called documents. and it's waiting here called documents. and it's waiting here called documents. and it's waiting for us to put in our vectors. So, back for us to put in our vectors. So, back for us to put in our vectors. So, back in Nitn, I can open this up and we in Nitn, I can open this up and we in Nitn, I can open this up and we should see if we just refresh this list, should see if we just refresh this list, should see if we just refresh this list, maybe we should see our table right here maybe we should see our table right here maybe we should see our table right here called documents. And I don't want to called documents. And I don't want to called documents. And I don't want to confuse you guys. So, if you followed confuse you guys. So, if you followed confuse you guys. So, if you followed all the steps I just did, you won't have all the steps I just did, you won't have all the steps I just did, you won't have to worry about this. But if you did to worry about this. But if you did to worry about this. But if you did create a different table, let's say you create a different table, let's say you create a different table, let's say you created a table called test, you would created a table called test, you would created a table called test, you would just make sure you change this right just make sure you change this right just make sure you change this right here to match test rather than match here to match test rather than match here to match test rather than match documents. And now that we've connected documents. And now that we've connected documents. And now that we've connected here, we just have to do two more here, we just have to do two more here, we just have to do two more things. we have to chunk and then embed things. we have to chunk and then embed things. we have to chunk and then embed so that we can actually vectorize. The so that we can actually vectorize. The so that we can actually vectorize. The first thing we're going to do is chunk. first thing we're going to do is chunk. first thing we're going to do is chunk. And in order to do that, we're going to And in order to do that, we're going to And in order to do that, we're going to click on this plus right here under click on this plus right here under click on this plus right here under document. This is going to open up some document. This is going to open up some document. This is going to open up some document loaders for us. And I'm going document loaders for us. And I'm going document loaders for us. And I'm going to choose default data loader. Now, to choose default data loader. Now, to choose default data loader. Now, what's happening here is we're just what's happening here is we're just what's happening here is we're just basically telling Subase, here's what I basically telling Subase, here's what I basically telling Subase, here's what I want to vectorize, and here's how I want want to vectorize, and here's how I want want to vectorize, and here's how I want you to chunk it up. And the good news is you to chunk it up. And the good news is you to chunk it up. And the good news is we can basically just leave the text we can basically just leave the text we can basically just leave the text splitting as simple. So, it splits up splitting as simple. So, it splits up splitting as simple. So, it splits up every thousand characters with 200 every thousand characters with 200 every thousand characters with 200 characters of overlap. If you wanted to characters of overlap. If you wanted to characters of overlap. If you wanted to get more custom, you could always create get more custom, you could always create get more custom, you could always create custom, you know, 500 characters, 2,000 custom, you know, 500 characters, 2,000 custom, you know, 500 characters, 2,000 characters, whatever you want. But right characters, whatever you want. But right characters, whatever you want. But right now, we're just going to keep it as now, we're just going to keep it as now, we're just going to keep it as simple. And then one more thing that's simple. And then one more thing that's simple. And then one more thing that's kind of tricky is we have to tell it kind of tricky is we have to tell it kind of tricky is we have to tell it what document to look at to actually what document to look at to actually what document to look at to actually embed. And it's set by default to JSON. embed. And it's set by default to JSON. embed. And it's set by default to JSON. And we can't do that because our PDF is And we can't do that because our PDF is And we can't do that because our PDF is right here. And if you'll notice at the right here. And if you'll notice at the right here. And if you'll notice at the top right here, this PDF is being stored top right here, this PDF is being stored top right here, this PDF is being stored as binary. So, we want to change the as binary. So, we want to change the as binary. So, we want to change the type of data to binary. Now, we should type of data to binary. Now, we should type of data to binary. Now, we should be all set up when it comes to loading be all set up when it comes to loading be all set up when it comes to loading data and chunking. So now that we have data and chunking. So now that we have data and chunking. So now that we have our chunking set up, we just need to our chunking set up, we just need to our chunking set up, we just need to connect our embeddings model. So I'm connect our embeddings model. So I'm connect our embeddings model. So I'm going to click on the plus button right going to click on the plus button right going to click on the plus button right here. I'm going to click on embeddings here. I'm going to click on embeddings here. I'm going to click on embeddings openai. And if you don't have an OpenAI openai. And if you don't have an OpenAI openai. And if you don't have an OpenAI account, all you have to do is click on account, all you have to do is click on account, all you have to do is click on create new credential. And you just need create new credential. And you just need create new credential. And you just need an API key. So what you have to do is go an API key. So what you have to do is go an API key. So what you have to do is go to OpenAI API in order to make an to OpenAI API in order to make an to OpenAI API in order to make an account. This is different than just account. This is different than just account. This is different than just having a chat GBT plan because you'll having a chat GBT plan because you'll having a chat GBT plan because you'll have to add billing information to your have to add billing information to your have to add billing information to your OpenAI API account. And once you get OpenAI API account. And once you get OpenAI API account. And once you get here, you'll just go to your dashboard. here, you'll just go to your dashboard. here, you'll just go to your dashboard. You'll click on API keys and you'll You'll click on API keys and you'll You'll click on API keys and you'll create a new key. And all you have to do create a new key. And all you have to do create a new key. And all you have to do is copy that key and then you'll paste is copy that key and then you'll paste is copy that key and then you'll paste it right there and you'll be connected. it right there and you'll be connected. it right there and you'll be connected. And now all we have to do is choose And now all we have to do is choose And now all we have to do is choose model text embedding 3 small. If you model text embedding 3 small. If you model text embedding 3 small. If you followed all my steps, you should be followed all my steps, you should be followed all my steps, you should be good to go. But if you did set up a good to go. But if you did set up a good to go. But if you did set up a vector database with different vector database with different vector database with different dimensions, you'll have to make sure dimensions, you'll have to make sure dimensions, you'll have to make sure that those line up right here. But I that those line up right here. But I that those line up right here. But I don't want to confuse you guys. If you don't want to confuse you guys. If you don't want to confuse you guys. If you did what I did, then you won't have to did what I did, then you won't have to did what I did, then you won't have to touch that at all. Okay, so everything touch that at all. Okay, so everything touch that at all. Okay, so everything looks like it should be set up. I'm looks like it should be set up. I'm looks like it should be set up. I'm going to hit the play button above our going to hit the play button above our going to hit the play button above our vector store. And what this is doing is vector store. And what this is doing is vector store. And what this is doing is it's chunking, it's embedding, and now it's chunking, it's embedding, and now it's chunking, it's embedding, and now finally it's vectorizing just like we finally it's vectorizing just like we finally it's vectorizing just like we saw earlier on that slide. And what you saw earlier on that slide. And what you saw earlier on that slide. And what you can see is that we got 77 vectors. So can see is that we got 77 vectors. So can see is that we got 77 vectors. So that 22page PDF that we were looking at that 22page PDF that we were looking at that 22page PDF that we were looking at right here, it ended up splitting and right here, it ended up splitting and right here, it ended up splitting and chunking into 77 different vectors. So chunking into 77 different vectors. So chunking into 77 different vectors. So if I go into my subbase table and we if I go into my subbase table and we if I go into my subbase table and we give this a sec, there we go. We should give this a sec, there we go. We should give this a sec, there we go. We should have 77 rows of information about the have 77 rows of information about the have 77 rows of information about the rules of golf. And if you want to see rules of golf. And if you want to see rules of golf. And if you want to see the data that's actually in each vector, the data that's actually in each vector, the data that's actually in each vector, you would look at this column called you would look at this column called you would look at this column called content. And if I open this up, you can content. And if I open this up, you can content. And if I open this up, you can see here's the first vector. The rules see here's the first vector. The rules see here's the first vector. The rules of golf simplified rule one. You start of golf simplified rule one. You start of golf simplified rule one. You start the game within the te and ground and the game within the te and ground and the game within the te and ground and hit the ball until it ends up in the hit the ball until it ends up in the hit the ball until it ends up in the hole. Blah blah blah. So here's this hole. Blah blah blah. So here's this hole. Blah blah blah. So here's this first vector. Here's this 10th vector. first vector. Here's this 10th vector. first vector. Here's this 10th vector. And then here is, you know, the 41st And then here is, you know, the 41st And then here is, you know, the 41st vector. In this column, we have vector. In this column, we have vector. In this column, we have metadata. And then in this column, we metadata. And then in this column, we metadata. And then in this column, we have the actual numerical have the actual numerical have the actual numerical representation, which is our embedding. representation, which is our embedding. representation, which is our embedding. So we have our data in here, which was So we have our data in here, which was So we have our data in here, which was the first step. That was the rag the first step. That was the rag the first step. That was the rag pipeline. Now, let's head back into nitn pipeline. Now, let's head back into nitn pipeline. Now, let's head back into nitn and let's create an AI agent that can and let's create an AI agent that can and let's create an AI agent that can actually talk to the information in actually talk to the information in actually talk to the information in here. So, what I'm going to do is hit here. So, what I'm going to do is hit here. So, what I'm going to do is hit tab and I'm going to type in AI agent tab and I'm going to type in AI agent tab and I'm going to type in AI agent and grab that agent right there. Now, as and grab that agent right there. Now, as and grab that agent right there. Now, as we talked about, the way we want to we talked about, the way we want to we talked about, the way we want to trigger this agent is just through a trigger this agent is just through a trigger this agent is just through a conversation. So, I'm going to grab a conversation. So, I'm going to grab a conversation. So, I'm going to grab a chat trigger, which is right here. And chat trigger, which is right here. And chat trigger, which is right here. And then all I have to do is hook up this then all I have to do is hook up this then all I have to do is hook up this chat trigger right into the front of the chat trigger right into the front of the chat trigger right into the front of the agent. And now it will be able to get agent. And now it will be able to get agent. And now it will be able to get our messages when we talk to it. Now, we our messages when we talk to it. Now, we our messages when we talk to it. Now, we need to connect a brain to our AI agent. need to connect a brain to our AI agent. need to connect a brain to our AI agent. So, if I click on the plus under chat So, if I click on the plus under chat So, if I click on the plus under chat model, I'm going to scroll down here and model, I'm going to scroll down here and model, I'm going to scroll down here and grab OpenAI chat model just because if grab OpenAI chat model just because if grab OpenAI chat model just because if you are setting all this up for the you are setting all this up for the you are setting all this up for the first time, you already know how to get first time, you already know how to get first time, you already know how to get there and get your API key and you there and get your API key and you there and get your API key and you already have that credential set up. And already have that credential set up. And already have that credential set up. And now we just need to choose a model to now we just need to choose a model to now we just need to choose a model to use. I'm going to stick with GPT4.1 use. I'm going to stick with GPT4.1 use. I'm going to stick with GPT4.1 mini. And now our agent has a brain. And mini. And now our agent has a brain. And mini. And now our agent has a brain. And the final step is just to give it a tool the final step is just to give it a tool the final step is just to give it a tool so that it can actually look in this so that it can actually look in this so that it can actually look in this vector database. So, we're going to vector database. So, we're going to vector database. So, we're going to click on tool. We are going to type in click on tool. We are going to type in click on tool. We are going to type in superbase vector store. superbase vector store. superbase vector store. The operation's already set to retrieve The operation's already set to retrieve The operation's already set to retrieve documents as a tool for AI agent. The documents as a tool for AI agent. The documents as a tool for AI agent. The description, I'm just going to say call description, I'm just going to say call description, I'm just going to say call this tool to look up the rules of golf. this tool to look up the rules of golf. this tool to look up the rules of golf. So, this is just me telling the agent So, this is just me telling the agent So, this is just me telling the agent what this tool does and when to use it. what this tool does and when to use it. what this tool does and when to use it. And then once again, we just have to And then once again, we just have to And then once again, we just have to choose the right table to look through, choose the right table to look through, choose the right table to look through, which in our case is called documents. which in our case is called documents. which in our case is called documents. And then the limit is basically how many And then the limit is basically how many And then the limit is basically how many vectors do you want it to actually pull vectors do you want it to actually pull vectors do you want it to actually pull back. Right now, we'll just stick with back. Right now, we'll just stick with back. Right now, we'll just stick with four. And then the last thing we have to four. And then the last thing we have to four. And then the last thing we have to do is actually connect another do is actually connect another do is actually connect another embeddings model because as you guys embeddings model because as you guys embeddings model because as you guys know the query has to get embedded as know the query has to get embedded as know the query has to get embedded as well. And something that's really simple well. And something that's really simple well. And something that's really simple is we already have an embeddings model is we already have an embeddings model is we already have an embeddings model set up down here. So I can actually just set up down here. So I can actually just set up down here. So I can actually just drag this into that exact same one from drag this into that exact same one from drag this into that exact same one from down here. You don't have to do that. down here. You don't have to do that. down here. You don't have to do that. You could add a new one. But just to You could add a new one. But just to You could add a new one. But just to show you guys that they use the same show you guys that they use the same show you guys that they use the same one. I'll do it like this. So without one. I'll do it like this. So without one. I'll do it like this. So without even giving our agent any sort of even giving our agent any sort of even giving our agent any sort of instructions or system prompt, let's instructions or system prompt, let's instructions or system prompt, let's test this out and see how it works. All test this out and see how it works. All test this out and see how it works. All right. All right. So, here we are in the right. All right. So, here we are in the right. All right. So, here we are in the PDF about the rules of golf. And what PDF about the rules of golf. And what PDF about the rules of golf. And what I'm going to do is just ask it basically I'm going to do is just ask it basically I'm going to do is just ask it basically about the practice rules. So, I'm just about the practice rules. So, I'm just about the practice rules. So, I'm just going to say, what am I allowed to do going to say, what am I allowed to do going to say, what am I allowed to do for practice? Let's see if the agent for practice? Let's see if the agent for practice? Let's see if the agent understands that we're talking about understands that we're talking about understands that we're talking about golf and that it needs to use the golf and that it needs to use the golf and that it needs to use the subbase vector store, which it did. And subbase vector store, which it did. And subbase vector store, which it did. And now, it's going to take that information now, it's going to take that information now, it's going to take that information and return an answer to us. And then and return an answer to us. And then and return an answer to us. And then we'll basically validate if it is we'll basically validate if it is we'll basically validate if it is correct or not. So, right here, we get correct or not. So, right here, we get correct or not. So, right here, we get our answer. According to the rules of our answer. According to the rules of our answer. According to the rules of golfer practice, before or between golfer practice, before or between golfer practice, before or between rounds, you can practice on the course rounds, you can practice on the course rounds, you can practice on the course the day of each match. You cannot the day of each match. You cannot the day of each match. You cannot practice on the course the day of stroke practice on the course the day of stroke practice on the course the day of stroke play tournament or before playoff on the play tournament or before playoff on the play tournament or before playoff on the course. And also during the round, you course. And also during the round, you course. And also during the round, you cannot hit a practice shot while playing cannot hit a practice shot while playing cannot hit a practice shot while playing a hole or between holes. And if we go a hole or between holes. And if we go a hole or between holes. And if we go over to the PDF, you can see that's over to the PDF, you can see that's over to the PDF, you can see that's pretty much exactly word for word what pretty much exactly word for word what pretty much exactly word for word what we were looking for. And just to show we were looking for. And just to show we were looking for. And just to show you guys what actually happened behind you guys what actually happened behind you guys what actually happened behind the scenes, you can click into the agent the scenes, you can click into the agent the scenes, you can click into the agent and you can click on logs and this will and you can click on logs and this will and you can click on logs and this will show us exactly what just happened. So show us exactly what just happened. So show us exactly what just happened. So the human asked the AI agent, what am I the human asked the AI agent, what am I the human asked the AI agent, what am I allowed to do for practice? That's what allowed to do for practice? That's what allowed to do for practice? That's what triggered the workflow. The agent uses triggered the workflow. The agent uses triggered the workflow. The agent uses the superbase vector store and sends off the superbase vector store and sends off the superbase vector store and sends off the query practice rules in golf. And the query practice rules in golf. And the query practice rules in golf. And then this gets embedded using the then this gets embedded using the then this gets embedded using the embeddings model right here. And then embeddings model right here. And then embeddings model right here. And then what we get back after that gets what we get back after that gets what we get back after that gets embedded is the answer which is these embedded is the answer which is these embedded is the answer which is these four different vectors which is the four different vectors which is the four different vectors which is the actual content in the vector database. actual content in the vector database. actual content in the vector database. So then the AI agent will look at all So then the AI agent will look at all So then the AI agent will look at all this context and it will think about the this context and it will think about the this context and it will think about the question it was asked in the first place question it was asked in the first place question it was asked in the first place and then it will actually give us an and then it will actually give us an and then it will actually give us an output which is what we saw down here in output which is what we saw down here in output which is what we saw down here in the chat message section. So now that the chat message section. So now that the chat message section. So now that we've validated that the AI agent can we've validated that the AI agent can we've validated that the AI agent can look through the Superbase vector look through the Superbase vector look through the Superbase vector database, we have one issue, which is it database, we have one issue, which is it database, we have one issue, which is it has no memory. So we literally just has no memory. So we literally just has no memory. So we literally just asked it about the rules of golf. So now asked it about the rules of golf. So now asked it about the rules of golf. So now if I asked it, so I can't hit a practice if I asked it, so I can't hit a practice if I asked it, so I can't hit a practice shot between holes, it should be able to shot between holes, it should be able to shot between holes, it should be able to just use its memory because it just just use its memory because it just just use its memory because it just looked that up already and answer us. looked that up already and answer us. looked that up already and answer us. But what it's going to do is it's going But what it's going to do is it's going But what it's going to do is it's going to go ahead and search the vector to go ahead and search the vector to go ahead and search the vector database again because it's treating database again because it's treating database again because it's treating each of our messages as a completely each of our messages as a completely each of our messages as a completely individual unique conversation. So it's individual unique conversation. So it's individual unique conversation. So it's fine because it got the answer right fine because it got the answer right fine because it got the answer right again. But ideally it would be able to again. But ideally it would be able to again. But ideally it would be able to look through its memory and realize we look through its memory and realize we look through its memory and realize we just talked about this. I don't have to just talked about this. I don't have to just talked about this. I don't have to look up anything. I can just provide look up anything. I can just provide look up anything. I can just provide them an answer. So the way we're going them an answer. So the way we're going them an answer. So the way we're going to set up that memory is we are going to to set up that memory is we are going to to set up that memory is we are going to use Postgress because we've already set use Postgress because we've already set use Postgress because we've already set up our whole soup base thing. So I'm up our whole soup base thing. So I'm up our whole soup base thing. So I'm going to click on the plus under memory going to click on the plus under memory going to click on the plus under memory right here. And you can see we could use right here. And you can see we could use right here. And you can see we could use a simple memory which would store a simple memory which would store a simple memory which would store everything in NADN. But if we want to be everything in NADN. But if we want to be everything in NADN. But if we want to be able to look through the different able to look through the different able to look through the different interactions that we're having with our interactions that we're having with our interactions that we're having with our AI agent and store that in Subbase, what AI agent and store that in Subbase, what AI agent and store that in Subbase, what we're going to do is connect to a we're going to do is connect to a we're going to do is connect to a Postgress chat memory. So the first Postgress chat memory. So the first Postgress chat memory. So the first thing that we actually have to do though thing that we actually have to do though thing that we actually have to do though is connect to our Postgress credential. is connect to our Postgress credential. is connect to our Postgress credential. So to set up this credential, I'm going So to set up this credential, I'm going So to set up this credential, I'm going to open up the dropown, click on create to open up the dropown, click on create to open up the dropown, click on create new credential, and you can see it's a new credential, and you can see it's a new credential, and you can see it's a little bit different than that original little bit different than that original little bit different than that original Superbase one, but just follow what I do Superbase one, but just follow what I do Superbase one, but just follow what I do and you'll be all set. I'm going to go and you'll be all set. I'm going to go and you'll be all set. I'm going to go into Superbase. And at the top of the into Superbase. And at the top of the into Superbase. And at the top of the screen, you can see there's a connect screen, you can see there's a connect screen, you can see there's a connect button. So, I'm going to click on this button. So, I'm going to click on this button. So, I'm going to click on this and I'm just going to scroll down a and I'm just going to scroll down a and I'm just going to scroll down a little bit where we have right here the little bit where we have right here the little bit where we have right here the transaction pooler. I'm going to click transaction pooler. I'm going to click transaction pooler. I'm going to click right here on view parameters and then right here on view parameters and then right here on view parameters and then we just have to grab a few of these we just have to grab a few of these we just have to grab a few of these things. So, the first one is going to be things. So, the first one is going to be things. So, the first one is going to be the host. I'm going to copy the host and the host. I'm going to copy the host and the host. I'm going to copy the host and we're going to go back into nitn and we're going to go back into nitn and we're going to go back into nitn and just paste that in right here. just paste that in right here. just paste that in right here. The database I can leave as postgress The database I can leave as postgress The database I can leave as postgress because if you can see right here the because if you can see right here the because if you can see right here the database is Postgress. But the user database is Postgress. But the user database is Postgress. But the user we're going to copy this and go back in we're going to copy this and go back in we're going to copy this and go back in and paste that in as a user. and paste that in as a user. and paste that in as a user. The password is going to be the password The password is going to be the password The password is going to be the password that you set up when you created your that you set up when you created your that you set up when you created your project earlier in the video. So, let me project earlier in the video. So, let me project earlier in the video. So, let me type that in real quick. And then the type that in real quick. And then the type that in real quick. And then the last thing we need to do is the port, last thing we need to do is the port, last thing we need to do is the port, which if we go back into this screen, we which if we go back into this screen, we which if we go back into this screen, we can see right here we have the port can see right here we have the port can see right here we have the port 6543. So, all I have to do is come in 6543. So, all I have to do is come in 6543. So, all I have to do is come in here, paste that there, and then if we here, paste that there, and then if we here, paste that there, and then if we hit save, we should go green. Connection hit save, we should go green. Connection hit save, we should go green. Connection tested successfully. And so once we tested successfully. And so once we tested successfully. And so once we start chatting with our agent, once start chatting with our agent, once start chatting with our agent, once again, it's going to store not only what again, it's going to store not only what again, it's going to store not only what we asked the agent, but it's also going we asked the agent, but it's also going we asked the agent, but it's also going to store the agent's response to us in a to store the agent's response to us in a to store the agent's response to us in a different table in Subase. So let me different table in Subase. So let me different table in Subase. So let me chat with the agent and then I'll show chat with the agent and then I'll show chat with the agent and then I'll show you guys that. So now if I'm talking to you guys that. So now if I'm talking to you guys that. So now if I'm talking to my agent and I say, "Hello, my name is my agent and I say, "Hello, my name is my agent and I say, "Hello, my name is Nate." We're going to send that off. Nate." We're going to send that off. Nate." We're going to send that off. It's going to check if we've talked to It's going to check if we've talked to It's going to check if we've talked to it before. It's now going to answer us. it before. It's now going to answer us. it before. It's now going to answer us. And we can see that if I go into And we can see that if I go into And we can see that if I go into Subbase, there's going to be a new table Subbase, there's going to be a new table Subbase, there's going to be a new table right here. If I just refresh this real right here. If I just refresh this real right here. If I just refresh this real quick, called Niden chat histories. And quick, called Niden chat histories. And quick, called Niden chat histories. And if I click into that, it's basically if I click into that, it's basically if I click into that, it's basically going to have human content. So every going to have human content. So every going to have human content. So every time we talk to it, it's going to store time we talk to it, it's going to store time we talk to it, it's going to store that here. And then it's also going to that here. And then it's also going to that here. And then it's also going to store the AI agent's response to us store the AI agent's response to us store the AI agent's response to us every single time. And so now if I was every single time. And so now if I was every single time. And so now if I was to come into the AI agent and say, to come into the AI agent and say, to come into the AI agent and say, "What's my name?" It's going to look in "What's my name?" It's going to look in "What's my name?" It's going to look in the Postgress memory and then it will be the Postgress memory and then it will be the Postgress memory and then it will be able to answer us because it actually able to answer us because it actually able to answer us because it actually has that context window. Your name is has that context window. Your name is has that context window. Your name is Nate. How can I help you today? Two Nate. How can I help you today? Two Nate. How can I help you today? Two things though to keep in mind real things though to keep in mind real things though to keep in mind real quick. The first one is that in this quick. The first one is that in this quick. The first one is that in this Postgress chat memory, the context Postgress chat memory, the context Postgress chat memory, the context window length is five. So every time we window length is five. So every time we window length is five. So every time we talk to it, it's only going to remember talk to it, it's only going to remember talk to it, it's only going to remember the five most recent interactions. But the five most recent interactions. But the five most recent interactions. But you have the ability to adjust this you have the ability to adjust this you have the ability to adjust this context window length. But then the AI context window length. But then the AI context window length. But then the AI would just be processing more tokens. would just be processing more tokens. would just be processing more tokens. And then one other thing to keep in mind And then one other thing to keep in mind And then one other thing to keep in mind in Postgress, what it's doing is it's in Postgress, what it's doing is it's in Postgress, what it's doing is it's going to store these messages with a going to store these messages with a going to store these messages with a session ID and that's how it looks it session ID and that's how it looks it session ID and that's how it looks it up. So if we are to go into NN and clear up. So if we are to go into NN and clear up. So if we are to go into NN and clear the session, it's going to start a new the session, it's going to start a new the session, it's going to start a new session and it's no longer going to session and it's no longer going to session and it's no longer going to remember that. So if I now say what's my remember that. So if I now say what's my remember that. So if I now say what's my name, it's not going to be able to get name, it's not going to be able to get name, it's not going to be able to get that because it's looking through a that because it's looking through a that because it's looking through a different session ID. I don't have different session ID. I don't have different session ID. I don't have access to your personal information. And access to your personal information. And access to your personal information. And then if I go into the Superbase table then if I go into the Superbase table then if I go into the Superbase table and refresh, we can see that these two and refresh, we can see that these two and refresh, we can see that these two interactions that we just had were a interactions that we just had were a interactions that we just had were a different session ID than these four different session ID than these four different session ID than these four previous ones. So it's not a huge deal previous ones. So it's not a huge deal previous ones. So it's not a huge deal because right now we're just chatting because right now we're just chatting because right now we're just chatting with the agent using this chat trigger. with the agent using this chat trigger. with the agent using this chat trigger. But if you were using, you know, like But if you were using, you know, like But if you were using, you know, like Gmail or you were using text message or Gmail or you were using text message or Gmail or you were using text message or something, you could store the session something, you could store the session something, you could store the session ID as someone's email address or ID as someone's email address or ID as someone's email address or someone's phone number. And that's how someone's phone number. And that's how someone's phone number. And that's how the agent could actually retain all of the agent could actually retain all of the agent could actually retain all of that context with that individual that context with that individual that context with that individual person. Okay, so you've officially just person. Okay, so you've officially just person. Okay, so you've officially just built your first rag pipeline where you built your first rag pipeline where you built your first rag pipeline where you got data into a vector database and you got data into a vector database and you got data into a vector database and you built a rag agent that can talk to the built a rag agent that can talk to the built a rag agent that can talk to the data in there as well. There's lots of data in there as well. There's lots of data in there as well. There's lots of ways to expand off of this type of ways to expand off of this type of ways to expand off of this type of system. I'd say the next one would be system. I'd say the next one would be system. I'd say the next one would be actually creating it so it's a little actually creating it so it's a little actually creating it so it's a little bit more dynamic so that whenever you bit more dynamic so that whenever you bit more dynamic so that whenever you drop a new doc into a Google Drive drop a new doc into a Google Drive drop a new doc into a Google Drive folder, it would automatically get folder, it would automatically get folder, it would automatically get pushed into Superbase and then creating pushed into Superbase and then creating pushed into Superbase and then creating a second pipeline down here where a second pipeline down here where a second pipeline down here where whenever you update that document, it whenever you update that document, it whenever you update that document, it basically deletes the old vectors, the basically deletes the old vectors, the basically deletes the old vectors, the outdated ones, and then it puts the new outdated ones, and then it puts the new outdated ones, and then it puts the new ones into the vector database. And ones into the vector database. And ones into the vector database. And that's how you can make sure the that's how you can make sure the that's how you can make sure the information that the agent's actually information that the agent's actually information that the agent's actually looking at and using to answer you is looking at and using to answer you is looking at and using to answer you is accurate and real time and relevant. accurate and real time and relevant. accurate and real time and relevant. Then another thing you want to do is Then another thing you want to do is Then another thing you want to do is have a different system over here where have a different system over here where have a different system over here where whenever a file is deleted, it's also whenever a file is deleted, it's also whenever a file is deleted, it's also going to delete all those vectors from going to delete all those vectors from going to delete all those vectors from the database so you can keep the whole the database so you can keep the whole the database so you can keep the whole database very clean. So if you're database very clean. So if you're database very clean. So if you're interested in seeing this type of build, interested in seeing this type of build, interested in seeing this type of build, let me know in the comments and I'd love let me know in the comments and I'd love let me know in the comments and I'd love to make a YouTube video to cover how to make a YouTube video to cover how to make a YouTube video to cover how simple this would be to set up. But I simple this would be to set up. But I simple this would be to set up. But I also just did a live build of this also just did a live build of this also just did a live build of this system on my paid community. Link for system on my paid community. Link for system on my paid community. Link for that would be down in the description. that would be down in the description. that would be down in the description. This is a really great community of This is a really great community of This is a really great community of members who are building with niten and members who are building with niten and members who are building with niten and sharing their challenges and their wins sharing their challenges and their wins sharing their challenges and their wins every single day. We've also got two every single day. We've also got two every single day. We've also got two full courses in here. One's called Agent full courses in here. One's called Agent full courses in here. One's called Agent Zero, which is like the foundations for Zero, which is like the foundations for Zero, which is like the foundations for AI automation, and then 10 hours to 10 AI automation, and then 10 hours to 10 AI automation, and then 10 hours to 10 seconds where you learn how to identify, seconds where you learn how to identify, seconds where you learn how to identify, design, and build time-saving design, and build time-saving design, and build time-saving automations. Anyways, I'd love to see automations. Anyways, I'd love to see automations. Anyways, I'd love to see you guys in this community. But that's you guys in this community. But that's you guys in this community. But that's going to do it for this one. If you going to do it for this one. If you going to do it for this one. If you enjoyed the video or you learned enjoyed the video or you learned enjoyed the video or you learned something new, please give it a like. something new, please give it a like. something new, please give it a like. Definitely helps me out a ton. And as Definitely helps me out a ton. And as Definitely helps me out a ton. And as always, I appreciate you guys making it always, I appreciate you guys making it always, I appreciate you guys making it to the end of the video. I'll see you to the end of the video. I'll see you to the end of the video. I'll see you all in the next one. Thanks so much, all in the next one. Thanks so much, all in the next one. Thanks so much, guys.
