Hello everyone, welcome back to my Hello everyone, welcome back to my Hello everyone, welcome back to my channel and in this video I'm going to channel and in this video I'm going to channel and in this video I'm going to show you how we can introduce human in show you how we can introduce human in show you how we can introduce human in the loop when we are talking with our the loop when we are talking with our the loop when we are talking with our agent. So this is my fourth video in the agent. So this is my fourth video in the agent. So this is my fourth video in the series of Microsoft agent framework and series of Microsoft agent framework and series of Microsoft agent framework and we will see that whenever we are we will see that whenever we are we will see that whenever we are creating an agent there are uh instances creating an agent there are uh instances creating an agent there are uh instances when we want to stop the execution and when we want to stop the execution and when we want to stop the execution and want to provide some feedback we want to want to provide some feedback we want to want to provide some feedback we want to provide some sort of input to the agent provide some sort of input to the agent provide some sort of input to the agent to proceed further. So this is what this to proceed further. So this is what this to proceed further. So this is what this entire video is all about. So let's entire video is all about. So let's entire video is all about. So let's first take a look what this feature is first take a look what this feature is first take a look what this feature is all about. So all about. So all about. So what this particular human and loop what this particular human and loop what this particular human and loop feature does is uh this is one of the feature does is uh this is one of the feature does is uh this is one of the built-in features that lets our agents built-in features that lets our agents built-in features that lets our agents pause and wait for the human approval. pause and wait for the human approval. pause and wait for the human approval. So now when I'm saying approval, it So now when I'm saying approval, it So now when I'm saying approval, it could be either in the form of yes or could be either in the form of yes or could be either in the form of yes or no. It could be any input which you want no. It could be any input which you want no. It could be any input which you want to provide to your agent. But idea here to provide to your agent. But idea here to provide to your agent. But idea here is to halt the agent or the pause the is to halt the agent or the pause the is to halt the agent or the pause the agent at that point of time and wait agent at that point of time and wait agent at that point of time and wait until something is received from the until something is received from the until something is received from the user or the human. The second thing here user or the human. The second thing here user or the human. The second thing here is it can be done by decorating the is it can be done by decorating the is it can be done by decorating the function. So I will show you in the code function. So I will show you in the code function. So I will show you in the code like how easy it is to introduce this like how easy it is to introduce this like how easy it is to introduce this particular feature in your existing particular feature in your existing particular feature in your existing Python functions. Then once that Python functions. Then once that Python functions. Then once that function is decorated or the function is decorated or the function is decorated or the functionality is decorated functionality is decorated functionality is decorated agent will go ahead and ask for the agent will go ahead and ask for the agent will go ahead and ask for the confirmation with without before confirmation with without before confirmation with without before executing that specific function. And executing that specific function. And executing that specific function. And the last one is supports multi-turn. So the last one is supports multi-turn. So the last one is supports multi-turn. So it means that you can keep chatting. it means that you can keep chatting. it means that you can keep chatting. It's not necessary that you just It's not necessary that you just It's not necessary that you just provided a response and we are done with provided a response and we are done with provided a response and we are done with that flow. No, you can even provide more that flow. No, you can even provide more that flow. No, you can even provide more respon uh responses as and when it is respon uh responses as and when it is respon uh responses as and when it is required. So it also supports required. So it also supports required. So it also supports conditional logic like in which conditional logic like in which conditional logic like in which instances you want to provide your instances you want to provide your instances you want to provide your response and when do you want to skip it response and when do you want to skip it response and when do you want to skip it skip it. So that thing can also be skip it. So that thing can also be skip it. So that thing can also be handled very well in this particular handled very well in this particular handled very well in this particular feature. feature. feature. Let's move on to the third one like why Let's move on to the third one like why Let's move on to the third one like why do we need such sort of features. So we do we need such sort of features. So we do we need such sort of features. So we all know that uh everything cannot be all know that uh everything cannot be all know that uh everything cannot be automated 100%. There are workflows automated 100%. There are workflows automated 100%. There are workflows there are instances where we need to there are instances where we need to there are instances where we need to take decisions. So because those are the take decisions. So because those are the take decisions. So because those are the places or the instances where we need places or the instances where we need places or the instances where we need some sort of human judgment rather than some sort of human judgment rather than some sort of human judgment rather than relying completely on this automation relying completely on this automation relying completely on this automation system. And the second reason here is system. And the second reason here is system. And the second reason here is when we are waiting for the human input when we are waiting for the human input when we are waiting for the human input or when we are not letting agent do or when we are not letting agent do or when we are not letting agent do everything by its own it means we are everything by its own it means we are everything by its own it means we are ensuring the safety control as well as ensuring the safety control as well as ensuring the safety control as well as the accountability in our workflows. We the accountability in our workflows. We the accountability in our workflows. We want to know who provide the approval want to know who provide the approval want to know who provide the approval for that particular task. So in that for that particular task. So in that for that particular task. So in that case this is one of the most important case this is one of the most important case this is one of the most important feature which we can use it. And the feature which we can use it. And the feature which we can use it. And the last one is it is very idle for last one is it is very idle for last one is it is very idle for sensitive or you can say high stake or sensitive or you can say high stake or sensitive or you can say high stake or the creative tasks where human input the creative tasks where human input the creative tasks where human input adds more value rather than relying adds more value rather than relying adds more value rather than relying completely on the agent. completely on the agent. completely on the agent. Let's see uh the very common set of use Let's see uh the very common set of use Let's see uh the very common set of use cases. So I can think of these five use cases. So I can think of these five use cases. So I can think of these five use cases. Let's think about a scenario when cases. Let's think about a scenario when cases. Let's think about a scenario when you are doing something and you want to you are doing something and you want to you are doing something and you want to provide some sort of approval. Let's say provide some sort of approval. Let's say provide some sort of approval. Let's say you are sending some report to huge you are sending some report to huge you are sending some report to huge number of deals or huge number of number of deals or huge number of number of deals or huge number of people. Then in that case we cannot people. Then in that case we cannot people. Then in that case we cannot simply rely on the agent. We have to simply rely on the agent. We have to simply rely on the agent. We have to take a look at it once or we want to take a look at it once or we want to take a look at it once or we want to take some decision whether we want to go take some decision whether we want to go take some decision whether we want to go ahead with sending approvals or the ahead with sending approvals or the ahead with sending approvals or the emails. So that is one of the very good emails. So that is one of the very good emails. So that is one of the very good use case I would say. The second thing use case I would say. The second thing use case I would say. The second thing is whenever you are rephrasing or is whenever you are rephrasing or is whenever you are rephrasing or summarizing a content which requires summarizing a content which requires summarizing a content which requires some sort of human touch then also we some sort of human touch then also we some sort of human touch then also we can go ahead with this particular can go ahead with this particular can go ahead with this particular feature. The third one is the decision feature. The third one is the decision feature. The third one is the decision making. So decision making comes into making. So decision making comes into making. So decision making comes into the picture when we are working in a the picture when we are working in a the picture when we are working in a multi-step workflows. Whether you want multi-step workflows. Whether you want multi-step workflows. Whether you want to triage something, you want to to triage something, you want to to triage something, you want to escalate something, then in that case we escalate something, then in that case we escalate something, then in that case we will take this particular um we will use will take this particular um we will use will take this particular um we will use this particular feature. The fourth one this particular feature. The fourth one this particular feature. The fourth one here is the sensitive actions like when here is the sensitive actions like when here is the sensitive actions like when you want to delete the data definitely you want to delete the data definitely you want to delete the data definitely we want to be double sure whenever we we want to be double sure whenever we we want to be double sure whenever we are executing such expensive operations. are executing such expensive operations. are executing such expensive operations. So when you're triggering alert it could So when you're triggering alert it could So when you're triggering alert it could be a panic mode for anyone if that alert be a panic mode for anyone if that alert be a panic mode for anyone if that alert is false. So in that case it is always is false. So in that case it is always is false. So in that case it is always good to take a look before proceeding good to take a look before proceeding good to take a look before proceeding with such sort of actions and then we with such sort of actions and then we with such sort of actions and then we have the experimentation with user have the experimentation with user have the experimentation with user guided creativity. So let's say you want guided creativity. So let's say you want guided creativity. So let's say you want to reword something you want to adjust to reword something you want to adjust to reword something you want to adjust the tone of something uh whatever you the tone of something uh whatever you the tone of something uh whatever you have written. So in that case it is have written. So in that case it is have written. So in that case it is always recommended to take a look at always recommended to take a look at always recommended to take a look at what uh the output what take a look at what uh the output what take a look at what uh the output what take a look at the output which is generated by the the output which is generated by the the output which is generated by the agent and then proceed further. So these agent and then proceed further. So these agent and then proceed further. So these are the major use cases which will give are the major use cases which will give are the major use cases which will give you pretty much good pretty much good you pretty much good pretty much good you pretty much good pretty much good idea about whether you should go and idea about whether you should go and idea about whether you should go and implement this particular use case in implement this particular use case in implement this particular use case in your project or not. So let me quickly your project or not. So let me quickly your project or not. So let me quickly walk you through the code and how we can walk you through the code and how we can walk you through the code and how we can do this. So the very first thing is you do this. So the very first thing is you do this. So the very first thing is you can use with go with open AI or Azure can use with go with open AI or Azure can use with go with open AI or Azure OpenAI but let me go ahead with Azure OpenAI but let me go ahead with Azure OpenAI but let me go ahead with Azure OpenAI itself because this is the uh OpenAI itself because this is the uh OpenAI itself because this is the uh playlist where we are mostly utilizing playlist where we are mostly utilizing playlist where we are mostly utilizing Azure OpenAI. So if you are new to this, Azure OpenAI. So if you are new to this, Azure OpenAI. So if you are new to this, let me quickly walk you through this. So let me quickly walk you through this. So let me quickly walk you through this. So you need to have an Azure active Azure you need to have an Azure active Azure you need to have an Azure active Azure subscription and the very first thing subscription and the very first thing subscription and the very first thing you need to do is you need to go ahead you need to do is you need to go ahead you need to do is you need to go ahead and create the resource group. So you and create the resource group. So you and create the resource group. So you can search for the resource group here. Search for the resource group and let me Search for the resource group and let me Search for the resource group and let me adjust the screen a bit. adjust the screen a bit. adjust the screen a bit. So here is the resource groupation and So here is the resource groupation and So here is the resource groupation and you can click on create and it will let you can click on create and it will let you can click on create and it will let you furnish all these details like in you furnish all these details like in you furnish all these details like in which region you want to dep create the which region you want to dep create the which region you want to dep create the resource groups and once it is done just resource groups and once it is done just resource groups and once it is done just click on review and create. Once you click on review and create. Once you click on review and create. Once you clicked on this button you will have clicked on this button you will have clicked on this button you will have your resource group ready. Next thing is your resource group ready. Next thing is your resource group ready. Next thing is either you can go with Azure open AI either you can go with Azure open AI either you can go with Azure open AI instance or you can go ahead and create instance or you can go ahead and create instance or you can go ahead and create the Azure foundry resource. So in either the Azure foundry resource. So in either the Azure foundry resource. So in either of these case you will have your Azure of these case you will have your Azure of these case you will have your Azure foundry resource in place. So click on foundry resource in place. So click on foundry resource in place. So click on this one or even you can search it over this one or even you can search it over this one or even you can search it over in the search bar. Click on create in the search bar. Click on create in the search bar. Click on create resource and here it will let you select resource and here it will let you select resource and here it will let you select the same resource group which you have the same resource group which you have the same resource group which you have created. You will have the name, region created. You will have the name, region created. You will have the name, region and everything and just go ahead and and everything and just go ahead and and everything and just go ahead and create this one. It is a very create this one. It is a very create this one. It is a very straightforward guided process. So you straightforward guided process. So you straightforward guided process. So you need not to worry about it. But still if need not to worry about it. But still if need not to worry about it. But still if you are not sure what we are doing I you are not sure what we are doing I you are not sure what we are doing I would recommend you to check out my would recommend you to check out my would recommend you to check out my previous video in the same playlist previous video in the same playlist previous video in the same playlist because in those videos I have already because in those videos I have already because in those videos I have already explained this in detail. So there is no explained this in detail. So there is no explained this in detail. So there is no point in repeating this again. In my point in repeating this again. In my point in repeating this again. In my case, I can show you the resource which case, I can show you the resource which case, I can show you the resource which I have created. So this is the one. I have created. So this is the one. I have created. So this is the one. So if you are able to create the So if you are able to create the So if you are able to create the resource, you will see the link over resource, you will see the link over resource, you will see the link over here. Go to Azure AI foundry portal. The reason why we are doing is because The reason why we are doing is because The reason why we are doing is because we need an LLM. We need one LLM which we we need an LLM. We need one LLM which we we need an LLM. We need one LLM which we can use it on GPD models. So now you are can use it on GPD models. So now you are can use it on GPD models. So now you are on the Azure AI foundry. Go to models on the Azure AI foundry. Go to models on the Azure AI foundry. Go to models and endpoints. and endpoints. and endpoints. And here you can go ahead and deploy the And here you can go ahead and deploy the And here you can go ahead and deploy the model of your choice. So in my case I'm model of your choice. So in my case I'm model of your choice. So in my case I'm going ahead with GPT40 but definitely going ahead with GPT40 but definitely going ahead with GPT40 but definitely you can change it and make sure that you can change it and make sure that you can change it and make sure that particular model is supported by the particular model is supported by the particular model is supported by the agent. So if you're not sure like which agent. So if you're not sure like which agent. So if you're not sure like which model is supported you can also give a model is supported you can also give a model is supported you can also give a try by going to this agents tab try by going to this agents tab try by going to this agents tab and click on new agent. and click on new agent. and click on new agent. So when you will click on this new agent So when you will click on this new agent So when you will click on this new agent button it will button it will button it will let you select the model. So let me show let you select the model. So let me show let you select the model. So let me show you this. So you this. So you this. So here you can create a new deployment and here you can create a new deployment and here you can create a new deployment and it will list down those models which are it will list down those models which are it will list down those models which are supported uh for this agent creation. So supported uh for this agent creation. So supported uh for this agent creation. So it's going to take time but you will see it's going to take time but you will see it's going to take time but you will see yeah these are the models which you can yeah these are the models which you can yeah these are the models which you can choose if you're going with agent choose if you're going with agent choose if you're going with agent creation. So once everything is ready creation. So once everything is ready creation. So once everything is ready the next thing you need to do is you the next thing you need to do is you the next thing you need to do is you need to grab this API key and you need need to grab this API key and you need need to grab this API key and you need to grab the endpoint which is Azure to grab the endpoint which is Azure to grab the endpoint which is Azure OpenAI endpoint. So I have already OpenAI endpoint. So I have already OpenAI endpoint. So I have already grabbed this and have written few lines grabbed this and have written few lines grabbed this and have written few lines of code. So let me quickly walk you of code. So let me quickly walk you of code. So let me quickly walk you through that. through that. through that. So before uh going through the code, let So before uh going through the code, let So before uh going through the code, let me quickly show you how is it working me quickly show you how is it working me quickly show you how is it working right now. So what I'm doing here is I am uh So what I'm doing here is I am uh So what I'm doing here is I am uh generating some text on a given topic. generating some text on a given topic. generating some text on a given topic. So in my case I want to generate a text So in my case I want to generate a text So in my case I want to generate a text on the book and for that I have written on the book and for that I have written on the book and for that I have written two functions. two functions. two functions. Let's give it few seconds and then we'll Let's give it few seconds and then we'll Let's give it few seconds and then we'll take a look at the output. Okay. So here you can see user is saying Okay. So here you can see user is saying Okay. So here you can see user is saying generate a text generate a text generate a text on book and [clears throat] also on book and [clears throat] also on book and [clears throat] also generate the same text in childish generate the same text in childish generate the same text in childish manner. So here you can see the output. manner. So here you can see the output. manner. So here you can see the output. So brief text is this is a brief text on So brief text is this is a brief text on So brief text is this is a brief text on is a childish text. So these are the is a childish text. So these are the is a childish text. So these are the strings or the text which I have strings or the text which I have strings or the text which I have formatted. So here you can see that formatted. So here you can see that formatted. So here you can see that we received two different outputs just we received two different outputs just we received two different outputs just for the one user's query. But here there for the one user's query. But here there for the one user's query. But here there is nothing like approval. There is is nothing like approval. There is is nothing like approval. There is nothing like human human and loop. nothing like human human and loop. nothing like human human and loop. Whatever the question I have given here Whatever the question I have given here Whatever the question I have given here as a user, it just spitted the output as a user, it just spitted the output as a user, it just spitted the output and that's not we want what we want is and that's not we want what we want is and that's not we want what we want is whenever it is generating the output in whenever it is generating the output in whenever it is generating the output in a childish text, I want to provide my a childish text, I want to provide my a childish text, I want to provide my approval whether we should generate it approval whether we should generate it approval whether we should generate it or not. So for that I will quickly go or not. So for that I will quickly go or not. So for that I will quickly go ahead and ahead and ahead and change my code a bit. So give me a change my code a bit. So give me a change my code a bit. So give me a second and I will explain you all this. second and I will explain you all this. second and I will explain you all this. So I would say approval mode is equals So I would say approval mode is equals So I would say approval mode is equals to always require. Now if I will execute to always require. Now if I will execute to always require. Now if I will execute the same flow. Let me execute the same flow first. Let me execute the same flow first. Let me execute the same flow first. And here you can see that the string is And here you can see that the string is And here you can see that the string is still the same that generate a text on still the same that generate a text on still the same that generate a text on book and also generate the same text in book and also generate the same text in book and also generate the same text in childish manner. But this time it is childish manner. But this time it is childish manner. But this time it is asking should I generate the childish asking should I generate the childish asking should I generate the childish text now. So I will go ahead and say text now. So I will go ahead and say text now. So I will go ahead and say yes. Okay, there is some reason it is yes. Okay, there is some reason it is yes. Okay, there is some reason it is maybe some fault in my code that's why maybe some fault in my code that's why maybe some fault in my code that's why it is asking twice but ideally it should it is asking twice but ideally it should it is asking twice but ideally it should be just once. So you can see that as be just once. So you can see that as be just once. So you can see that as soon as I provided why it then only it soon as I provided why it then only it soon as I provided why it then only it proceeded with the text generation part. proceeded with the text generation part. proceeded with the text generation part. So the text on the topic book is this is So the text on the topic book is this is So the text on the topic book is this is the brief text and in a childish manner the brief text and in a childish manner the brief text and in a childish manner the same topic reads like this. Okay. So the same topic reads like this. Okay. So the same topic reads like this. Okay. So let me execute the same flow and show let me execute the same flow and show let me execute the same flow and show you how it behaves when I'm denying you how it behaves when I'm denying you how it behaves when I'm denying this. this. this. So I would say no. I would say no. And So I would say no. I would say no. And So I would say no. I would say no. And here you can see that it keep repeating. here you can see that it keep repeating. here you can see that it keep repeating. It is not proceeding until unless I will It is not proceeding until unless I will It is not proceeding until unless I will say yes. So this is how the entire flow say yes. So this is how the entire flow say yes. So this is how the entire flow is. Now let me quickly walk you through is. Now let me quickly walk you through is. Now let me quickly walk you through this code. this code. this code. So the most important thing here is I So the most important thing here is I So the most important thing here is I have already set my configuration the have already set my configuration the have already set my configuration the keys and the endpoints which I have keys and the endpoints which I have keys and the endpoints which I have shown you on the ta foundry portal in a shown you on the ta foundry portal in a shown you on the ta foundry portal in a configuration and then I'm having two configuration and then I'm having two configuration and then I'm having two different functions. So the first different functions. So the first different functions. So the first function is just taking the topic and function is just taking the topic and function is just taking the topic and generating this particular string. So generating this particular string. So generating this particular string. So this is what we have seen right. Then this is what we have seen right. Then this is what we have seen right. Then I'm having another function which is for I'm having another function which is for I'm having another function which is for the childish and here I'm saying always the childish and here I'm saying always the childish and here I'm saying always require approval. That means until require approval. That means until require approval. That means until unless I will provide my consent, it unless I will provide my consent, it unless I will provide my consent, it will not go ahead and will not go ahead and will not go ahead and execute that thing. So as soon as I execute that thing. So as soon as I execute that thing. So as soon as I provided my consent with yes, you can provided my consent with yes, you can provided my consent with yes, you can see that it returned this particular see that it returned this particular see that it returned this particular line. So this function will execute only line. So this function will execute only line. So this function will execute only and only if I'm providing my cont um and only if I'm providing my cont um and only if I'm providing my cont um consent. Next thing is let's see how we consent. Next thing is let's see how we consent. Next thing is let's see how we are handling this. So this is my are handling this. So this is my are handling this. So this is my function which I am triggering using or function which I am triggering using or function which I am triggering using or the calling using agent. And what we the calling using agent. And what we the calling using agent. And what we doing here is initially I'm taking this doing here is initially I'm taking this doing here is initially I'm taking this query and passing it as a current input. query and passing it as a current input. query and passing it as a current input. And once I have that input And once I have that input And once I have that input agent is going ahead with that current agent is going ahead with that current agent is going ahead with that current input and seeing that what needs to be input and seeing that what needs to be input and seeing that what needs to be done. So here you can see so this is done. So here you can see so this is done. So here you can see so this is nothing here we are just chunking the nothing here we are just chunking the nothing here we are just chunking the request. The most important part comes request. The most important part comes request. The most important part comes here. So what we are doing here is as here. So what we are doing here is as here. So what we are doing here is as soon as you agent received that user's soon as you agent received that user's soon as you agent received that user's query it appended its own message query it appended its own message query it appended its own message whether the approval is required or not whether the approval is required or not whether the approval is required or not and that is with the role assistant and that is with the role assistant and that is with the role assistant because assistant was or the agent was because assistant was or the agent was because assistant was or the agent was able to identify that okay we need an able to identify that okay we need an able to identify that okay we need an approval and once it got that it is approval and once it got that it is approval and once it got that it is asking user that should I generate the asking user that should I generate the asking user that should I generate the text yes or no. So depending on my yes text yes or no. So depending on my yes text yes or no. So depending on my yes and no it will go ahead and execute this and no it will go ahead and execute this and no it will go ahead and execute this particular part. So it means that yes particular part. So it means that yes particular part. So it means that yes approval is required when user provided approval is required when user provided approval is required when user provided its consent. So which is in the form of its consent. So which is in the form of its consent. So which is in the form of yes and that's the place where you can yes and that's the place where you can yes and that's the place where you can go with the conditional flow the one go with the conditional flow the one go with the conditional flow the one which I spoke in my presentation and which I spoke in my presentation and which I spoke in my presentation and this is the most important line. So what this is the most important line. So what this is the most important line. So what we doing here whatever the conversation we doing here whatever the conversation we doing here whatever the conversation we had whatever the inputs we have we had whatever the inputs we have we had whatever the inputs we have received or whatever the text generated received or whatever the text generated received or whatever the text generated by the agent all these are collated into by the agent all these are collated into by the agent all these are collated into the new input. So this particular the new input. So this particular the new input. So this particular current input is going to serve as a current input is going to serve as a current input is going to serve as a context for my next call. context for my next call. context for my next call. So make sure that you are updating the So make sure that you are updating the So make sure that you are updating the context before making a call to the context before making a call to the context before making a call to the agent. Otherwise it will lost in between agent. Otherwise it will lost in between agent. Otherwise it will lost in between and so let's say if you're not doing and so let's say if you're not doing and so let's say if you're not doing this particular line then it will not this particular line then it will not this particular line then it will not get to know that which text I need to get to know that which text I need to get to know that which text I need to convert in a childish manner. If you convert in a childish manner. If you convert in a childish manner. If you want to set the context or if you want want to set the context or if you want want to set the context or if you want to set that continuity then make sure to set that continuity then make sure to set that continuity then make sure that you are updating the context for that you are updating the context for that you are updating the context for the next iteration as well. So this is the next iteration as well. So this is the next iteration as well. So this is what I have and here this is my main what I have and here this is my main what I have and here this is my main function where I'm creating the client function where I'm creating the client function where I'm creating the client which is of Azure OpenAI chat client and which is of Azure OpenAI chat client and which is of Azure OpenAI chat client and just making a call just making a call to my agent. So this just making a call to my agent. So this just making a call to my agent. So this is the query which was which I provided. is the query which was which I provided. is the query which was which I provided. You can even take it as an input and You can even take it as an input and You can even take it as an input and this is I have here I have setting it as this is I have here I have setting it as this is I have here I have setting it as a user's query and that's all. So this a user's query and that's all. So this a user's query and that's all. So this is the function uh line number 72 which is the function uh line number 72 which is the function uh line number 72 which is making a call to my agent. And here is making a call to my agent. And here is making a call to my agent. And here you can see I'm passing in the query and you can see I'm passing in the query and you can see I'm passing in the query and the created agent the agent which we the created agent the agent which we the created agent the agent which we just created over here. So if you want just created over here. So if you want just created over here. So if you want you can also do this by your existing you can also do this by your existing you can also do this by your existing agent I believe although I have not agent I believe although I have not agent I believe although I have not shown here but that should be shown here but that should be shown here but that should be straightforward as well. So that's all I straightforward as well. So that's all I straightforward as well. So that's all I have for today. Maybe in next video I have for today. Maybe in next video I have for today. Maybe in next video I will see if I can cover the workflows, will see if I can cover the workflows, will see if I can cover the workflows, how you can execute this in a sequential how you can execute this in a sequential how you can execute this in a sequential manner. How you can make it conditional. manner. How you can make it conditional. manner. How you can make it conditional. But that's the overall idea of this But that's the overall idea of this But that's the overall idea of this topic. So the whenever you want human to topic. So the whenever you want human to topic. So the whenever you want human to interfere in between whenever you want interfere in between whenever you want interfere in between whenever you want to pause or touch your existing workflow to pause or touch your existing workflow to pause or touch your existing workflow then make sure that you are decorating then make sure that you are decorating then make sure that you are decorating it with Azure AI functions. the AI it with Azure AI functions. the AI it with Azure AI functions. the AI function decorator and with the required function decorator and with the required function decorator and with the required approval. So here if you will see there approval. So here if you will see there approval. So here if you will see there are few more things if you will look at are few more things if you will look at are few more things if you will look at this thing. So you can also say never this thing. So you can also say never this thing. So you can also say never required. So that is the by default required. So that is the by default required. So that is the by default mode. So you need not to specify but you mode. So you need not to specify but you mode. So you need not to specify but you can still go ahead and do it. So that's can still go ahead and do it. So that's can still go ahead and do it. So that's all I have for today and do let me know all I have for today and do let me know all I have for today and do let me know what other use cases you are thinking what other use cases you are thinking what other use cases you are thinking with respect to Microsoft agent with respect to Microsoft agent with respect to Microsoft agent framework and I I will try to add those framework and I I will try to add those framework and I I will try to add those in my playlist. Thanks for watching.
