So, hey everyone. My name is Aparna. I'm So, hey everyone. My name is Aparna. I'm So, hey everyone. My name is Aparna. I'm one of the founders at Arize. I lead up one of the founders at Arize. I lead up one of the founders at Arize. I lead up the product team here and this is a the product team here and this is a the product team here and this is a actually going to be a really fun actually going to be a really fun actually going to be a really fun presentation. It's actually about an presentation. It's actually about an presentation. It's actually about an agent that our team has built ourselves. agent that our team has built ourselves. agent that our team has built ourselves. And instead of sharing kind of just some And instead of sharing kind of just some And instead of sharing kind of just some of the best practices around evals and of the best practices around evals and of the best practices around evals and debugging, I actually just wanted to debugging, I actually just wanted to debugging, I actually just wanted to share some of the lessons we learned share some of the lessons we learned share some of the lessons we learned along the way. Some of it was expected, along the way. Some of it was expected, along the way. Some of it was expected, some of it really wasn't and hopefully some of it really wasn't and hopefully some of it really wasn't and hopefully all of this is help useful to everyone all of this is help useful to everyone all of this is help useful to everyone in this room who's kind of building in this room who's kind of building in this room who's kind of building building an agent. Our entire product building an agent. Our entire product building an agent. Our entire product has actually changed over the last year. has actually changed over the last year. has actually changed over the last year. You used to have to go in, go figure out You used to have to go in, go figure out You used to have to go in, go figure out a UI. a UI. a UI. We now are completely agent-first. And We now are completely agent-first. And We now are completely agent-first. And this agent that you're looking at on the this agent that you're looking at on the this agent that you're looking at on the screen here is called Alex. User can screen here is called Alex. User can screen here is called Alex. User can come in here and do all sorts of things come in here and do all sorts of things come in here and do all sorts of things like say, "Hey, help me go trace my like say, "Hey, help me go trace my like say, "Hey, help me go trace my agent. Help me go, you know, agent. Help me go, you know, agent. Help me go, you know, um um um I can go create a new chat and say, I can go create a new chat and say, I can go create a new chat and say, "Hey, help me go try the playground, "Hey, help me go try the playground, "Hey, help me go try the playground, build an evaluator." These are all build an evaluator." These are all build an evaluator." These are all workflows that our agent actually workflows that our agent actually workflows that our agent actually handles today. And we learned a lot in handles today. And we learned a lot in handles today. And we learned a lot in actually building building this agent. actually building building this agent. actually building building this agent. So, I'm going to walk you through a bit So, I'm going to walk you through a bit So, I'm going to walk you through a bit of those lessons today. So, we're going of those lessons today. So, we're going of those lessons today. So, we're going to talk about Alex and I'm going to to talk about Alex and I'm going to to talk about Alex and I'm going to share a bit of the lessons that we share a bit of the lessons that we share a bit of the lessons that we learned while we were building Alex. I'm learned while we were building Alex. I'm learned while we were building Alex. I'm going to share some of the four lessons going to share some of the four lessons going to share some of the four lessons we learned. One of them is about staying we learned. One of them is about staying we learned. One of them is about staying on task, the other one's about context on task, the other one's about context on task, the other one's about context management, next is about crystallizing management, next is about crystallizing management, next is about crystallizing good behavior, and then the last is good behavior, and then the last is good behavior, and then the last is about actually debugging a really good about actually debugging a really good about actually debugging a really good agent. I showed you guys kind of in the agent. I showed you guys kind of in the agent. I showed you guys kind of in the product what Alex was, which is our AI product what Alex was, which is our AI product what Alex was, which is our AI engineering agent harness. This actually engineering agent harness. This actually engineering agent harness. This actually has context about all of your traces. It has context about all of your traces. It has context about all of your traces. It has context about your evals. It has context about your evals. It has context about your evals. It understands your sessions. And it also understands your sessions. And it also understands your sessions. And it also it has a whole harness underneath it it has a whole harness underneath it it has a whole harness underneath it that does planning, has access to tool that does planning, has access to tool that does planning, has access to tool calls and skills, and then memory that's calls and skills, and then memory that's calls and skills, and then memory that's used across the sessions that people do used across the sessions that people do used across the sessions that people do with Alex. We built tools to basically with Alex. We built tools to basically with Alex. We built tools to basically help people build AI systems and we help people build AI systems and we help people build AI systems and we thought, you know, we should probably thought, you know, we should probably thought, you know, we should probably build an AI system and in the process of build an AI system and in the process of build an AI system and in the process of doing that, we actually learned a lot. doing that, we actually learned a lot. doing that, we actually learned a lot. Some of it was expected, some of it Some of it was expected, some of it Some of it was expected, some of it wasn't expected, and hopefully you guys wasn't expected, and hopefully you guys wasn't expected, and hopefully you guys get some lessons out of this that give get some lessons out of this that give get some lessons out of this that give you a bit of a head start. you a bit of a head start. you a bit of a head start. The first big lesson that we learned was The first big lesson that we learned was The first big lesson that we learned was actually about staying on task. And this actually about staying on task. And this actually about staying on task. And this is something every agent builder is something every agent builder is something every agent builder actually hits. You ask the agent to do actually hits. You ask the agent to do actually hits. You ask the agent to do three things, it does the first one, and three things, it does the first one, and three things, it does the first one, and then it wanders off. then it wanders off. then it wanders off. And in our case, we actually had a tool And in our case, we actually had a tool And in our case, we actually had a tool called finish, but the agent would called finish, but the agent would called finish, but the agent would always call that tool call before it was always call that tool call before it was always call that tool call before it was actually finished. Like, you would give actually finished. Like, you would give actually finished. Like, you would give it three different things to do, it it three different things to do, it it three different things to do, it would finish one of them, get really, would finish one of them, get really, would finish one of them, get really, really deep, and then it would just kind really deep, and then it would just kind really deep, and then it would just kind of, you know, quit. of, you know, quit. of, you know, quit. Um this is a real issue. And you know, I Um this is a real issue. And you know, I Um this is a real issue. And you know, I can't really blame Alex because this is can't really blame Alex because this is can't really blame Alex because this is what junior engineers do, too. what junior engineers do, too. what junior engineers do, too. Um Um Um but it's just not what we actually but it's just not what we actually but it's just not what we actually wanted. And this actually happened in wanted. And this actually happened in wanted. And this actually happened in our very first version of building Alex. our very first version of building Alex. our very first version of building Alex. In one of the sessions, there's this In one of the sessions, there's this In one of the sessions, there's this person that kicked off essentially 27 person that kicked off essentially 27 person that kicked off essentially 27 different tool calls with their different tool calls with their different tool calls with their question. And it just did all these 27 question. And it just did all these 27 question. And it just did all these 27 different tool calls, but it didn't know different tool calls, but it didn't know different tool calls, but it didn't know to come back and actually answer the to come back and actually answer the to come back and actually answer the user's question. user's question. user's question. So, So, So, it went around in circles. it went around in circles. it went around in circles. And you might ask, like, why is this And you might ask, like, why is this And you might ask, like, why is this happening? It's not a hallucination happening? It's not a hallucination happening? It's not a hallucination problem, it's not a capability problem, problem, it's not a capability problem, problem, it's not a capability problem, it's actually an attention problem. it's actually an attention problem. it's actually an attention problem. The model's context window um gets The model's context window um gets The model's context window um gets filled up with all of the information in filled up with all of the information in filled up with all of the information in that scenario, like with 27 different that scenario, like with 27 different that scenario, like with 27 different tool calls, it got filled up, and it got tool calls, it got filled up, and it got tool calls, it got filled up, and it got filled up with all the intermediate data filled up with all the intermediate data filled up with all the intermediate data that was collected in order to answer that was collected in order to answer that was collected in order to answer the question. So, the initial original the question. So, the initial original the question. So, the initial original kind of user question just got lost kind of user question just got lost kind of user question just got lost under pages of output. By the time the under pages of output. By the time the under pages of output. By the time the agent actually had enough information to agent actually had enough information to agent actually had enough information to be able to figure out what to do next, be able to figure out what to do next, be able to figure out what to do next, it forgot what next was. it forgot what next was. it forgot what next was. And so, the solution to this is actually And so, the solution to this is actually And so, the solution to this is actually planning. planning. planning. Um Um Um the fix is to actually make the agent the fix is to actually make the agent the fix is to actually make the agent write a plan before it does anything. write a plan before it does anything. write a plan before it does anything. And And And this is not a polite suggestion. It's this is not a polite suggestion. It's this is not a polite suggestion. It's not something in the prompt that you're not something in the prompt that you're not something in the prompt that you're like, "Hey, you know, try to do this. like, "Hey, you know, try to do this. like, "Hey, you know, try to do this. You know, think about this ahead of You know, think about this ahead of You know, think about this ahead of time." It is actually needs to be a time." It is actually needs to be a time." It is actually needs to be a first-class first-class first-class citizen. It's a first-class tool call. citizen. It's a first-class tool call. citizen. It's a first-class tool call. And you guys know this, Cursor does And you guys know this, Cursor does And you guys know this, Cursor does this. This is an example from Cursor, this. This is an example from Cursor, this. This is an example from Cursor, Cloud Code does this. I mean, they all Cloud Code does this. I mean, they all Cloud Code does this. I mean, they all have really good first call to do have really good first call to do have really good first call to do objects. And what we did was actually objects. And what we did was actually objects. And what we did was actually this is an image of Alex. We built a this is an image of Alex. We built a this is an image of Alex. We built a really good uh to do or plan really good uh to do or plan really good uh to do or plan every time that any user asked any every time that any user asked any every time that any user asked any question. And we actually had three question. And we actually had three question. And we actually had three separate to do to do's. Um separate to do to do's. Um separate to do to do's. Um we had a to do write, we had a to do we had a to do write, we had a to do we had a to do write, we had a to do update, and we also had a to do read. update, and we also had a to do read. update, and we also had a to do read. Um Um Um to do write actually kind of creates the to do write actually kind of creates the to do write actually kind of creates the plan. To do update actually, you know, plan. To do update actually, you know, plan. To do update actually, you know, changes the status of a task. So, if changes the status of a task. So, if changes the status of a task. So, if you're midway through one step or you're midway through one step or you're midway through one step or um you know, calling a specific LLM um you know, calling a specific LLM um you know, calling a specific LLM call, it actually updates whether the call, it actually updates whether the call, it actually updates whether the task was completed. And then to do read task was completed. And then to do read task was completed. And then to do read actually fetches the current state. actually fetches the current state. actually fetches the current state. These tasks also have states. So, you These tasks also have states. So, you These tasks also have states. So, you can see here there's pending, there's can see here there's pending, there's can see here there's pending, there's completed, there's blocked, there's also completed, there's blocked, there's also completed, there's blocked, there's also in progress. in progress. in progress. Surprisingly, in progress was actually Surprisingly, in progress was actually Surprisingly, in progress was actually the one that we added later. And it the one that we added later. And it the one that we added later. And it ended up actually becoming one of the ended up actually becoming one of the ended up actually becoming one of the most important states most important states most important states um that we learned. And this is because um that we learned. And this is because um that we learned. And this is because when you have only pending and when you have only pending and when you have only pending and completed, the agent doesn't actually completed, the agent doesn't actually completed, the agent doesn't actually have any working pointer. It doesn't have any working pointer. It doesn't have any working pointer. It doesn't know if it started a task or if it's know if it started a task or if it's know if it started a task or if it's completed a task. It doesn't even know completed a task. It doesn't even know completed a task. It doesn't even know what it's doing right now. And so, what what it's doing right now. And so, what what it's doing right now. And so, what we did was especially for these type of we did was especially for these type of we did was especially for these type of complex tasks, we actually, you know, complex tasks, we actually, you know, complex tasks, we actually, you know, stuff that takes multiple turns to stuff that takes multiple turns to stuff that takes multiple turns to actually solve, we actually added this actually solve, we actually added this actually solve, we actually added this in progress that gave the agent a really in progress that gave the agent a really in progress that gave the agent a really concrete anchor. This is my task. This concrete anchor. This is my task. This concrete anchor. This is my task. This is what I'm doing. is what I'm doing. is what I'm doing. Uh everything else can wait, but make Uh everything else can wait, but make Uh everything else can wait, but make sure you finish this. And actually, you sure you finish this. And actually, you sure you finish this. And actually, you know, in our evals, adding this in know, in our evals, adding this in know, in our evals, adding this in progress was something that drastically progress was something that drastically progress was something that drastically improved task completion rates. Another improved task completion rates. Another improved task completion rates. Another big critical architectural decision. The big critical architectural decision. The big critical architectural decision. The plan plan plan is not stored in the conversation is not stored in the conversation is not stored in the conversation history. So, how many of you guys have history. So, how many of you guys have history. So, how many of you guys have an agent? You have the human an agent? You have the human an agent? You have the human conversation where you're actually conversation where you're actually conversation where you're actually interacting with the end user, and then interacting with the end user, and then interacting with the end user, and then you also have your plan. Well, what you also have your plan. Well, what you also have your plan. Well, what happens is that it's conflicting because happens is that it's conflicting because happens is that it's conflicting because the agents now has the user messaging, the agents now has the user messaging, the agents now has the user messaging, it has the plan, and it can get buried it has the plan, and it can get buried it has the plan, and it can get buried or it can get truncated. or it can get truncated. or it can get truncated. Um what we realized and what ended up Um what we realized and what ended up Um what we realized and what ended up working for us is that we have to working for us is that we have to working for us is that we have to reinject the plan into the context reinject the plan into the context reinject the plan into the context window on every single LLM call. What window on every single LLM call. What window on every single LLM call. What this did is that it dynamically this did is that it dynamically this did is that it dynamically generated, you know, what the state was. generated, you know, what the state was. generated, you know, what the state was. Um Um Um we put it right after the system prompt we put it right after the system prompt we put it right after the system prompt and before all of the entire noisy tool and before all of the entire noisy tool and before all of the entire noisy tool call history. And this meant that no call history. And this meant that no call history. And this meant that no matter how deep the agent actually got, matter how deep the agent actually got, matter how deep the agent actually got, the plan was always right up front and the plan was always right up front and the plan was always right up front and center. This is what the agent sees. center. This is what the agent sees. center. This is what the agent sees. This is literally what the agent sees This is literally what the agent sees This is literally what the agent sees actually. Um we call this the plan actually. Um we call this the plan actually. Um we call this the plan message. And basically it tells the message. And basically it tells the message. And basically it tells the agent exactly what to do next. Um it agent exactly what to do next. Um it agent exactly what to do next. Um it tells it which tool call to make, which tells it which tool call to make, which tells it which tool call to make, which LLM call to make, what to do after the LLM call to make, what to do after the LLM call to make, what to do after the current task is finished. current task is finished. current task is finished. Um and it's not just kind of displaying Um and it's not just kind of displaying Um and it's not just kind of displaying the plan, it's actually coaching the the plan, it's actually coaching the the plan, it's actually coaching the agent on what to do step-by-step. And we agent on what to do step-by-step. And we agent on what to do step-by-step. And we learned a couple things actually in learned a couple things actually in learned a couple things actually in this. One is that we needed to have this this. One is that we needed to have this this. One is that we needed to have this thing called a finish gate. If the agent thing called a finish gate. If the agent thing called a finish gate. If the agent tries to call the finish tool, but it tries to call the finish tool, but it tries to call the finish tool, but it didn't finish some of the things on that didn't finish some of the things on that didn't finish some of the things on that to-do list, it actually we threw an to-do list, it actually we threw an to-do list, it actually we threw an error. It wasn't a suggestion, it error. It wasn't a suggestion, it error. It wasn't a suggestion, it actually wasn't even a prompt. This was actually wasn't even a prompt. This was actually wasn't even a prompt. This was actually a real error that was a actually a real error that was a actually a real error that was a structured error message that lists, structured error message that lists, structured error message that lists, "Hey, you didn't do these two other "Hey, you didn't do these two other "Hey, you didn't do these two other steps." steps." steps." Um Um Um and it bounces the agent actually back and it bounces the agent actually back and it bounces the agent actually back into the work loop. And we did this into the work loop. And we did this into the work loop. And we did this because then the to-do list can live because then the to-do list can live because then the to-do list can live outside of the context, it lives on the outside of the context, it lives on the outside of the context, it lives on the disk. The agent can actually, even if it disk. The agent can actually, even if it disk. The agent can actually, even if it tries to finish early, the system tries to finish early, the system tries to finish early, the system actually won't let it. actually won't let it. actually won't let it. Uh there's one big exception though, Uh there's one big exception though, Uh there's one big exception though, which was actually um what we call the which was actually um what we call the which was actually um what we call the blocks blocked status, blocks blocked status, blocks blocked status, um which is if the human responds, so a um which is if the human responds, so a um which is if the human responds, so a human jumps in and tries to add context, human jumps in and tries to add context, human jumps in and tries to add context, um that's the only one where it's um that's the only one where it's um that's the only one where it's actually pauses what it does and the actually pauses what it does and the actually pauses what it does and the plan gets restored with the context that plan gets restored with the context that plan gets restored with the context that gets injected. gets injected. gets injected. So, this is all a really big So, this is all a really big So, this is all a really big uh you know, one big lesson number one, uh you know, one big lesson number one, uh you know, one big lesson number one, which is lessons from planning. If you which is lessons from planning. If you which is lessons from planning. If you want agents to plan a rule, you know, I want agents to plan a rule, you know, I want agents to plan a rule, you know, I think we're now at a point where it's no think we're now at a point where it's no think we're now at a point where it's no longer, "Hey, the model's an issue, the longer, "Hey, the model's an issue, the longer, "Hey, the model's an issue, the tool call's an issue." It's really tool call's an issue." It's really tool call's an issue." It's really you're not guiding the agents in the way you're not guiding the agents in the way you're not guiding the agents in the way that is convenient to them. You need to that is convenient to them. You need to that is convenient to them. You need to put the rules in the code, you need to put the rules in the code, you need to put the rules in the code, you need to put um um put um um put um um not not just in the prompts, but you not not just in the prompts, but you not not just in the prompts, but you actually need to put them in code. The actually need to put them in code. The actually need to put them in code. The prompts are often suggestions, um but prompts are often suggestions, um but prompts are often suggestions, um but you need to put real constraints for the you need to put real constraints for the you need to put real constraints for the agents. So, for us the finish the finish agents. So, for us the finish the finish agents. So, for us the finish the finish gate was actually one of that. Um we had gate was actually one of that. Um we had gate was actually one of that. Um we had a lot of few-shot examples that actually a lot of few-shot examples that actually a lot of few-shot examples that actually showed the agent what to do instead of showed the agent what to do instead of showed the agent what to do instead of just telling the agent what to do. And just telling the agent what to do. And just telling the agent what to do. And what this did was actually showed the what this did was actually showed the what this did was actually showed the agent what really good planning was. So, agent what really good planning was. So, agent what really good planning was. So, all of this was one really big lesson um all of this was one really big lesson um all of this was one really big lesson um around a around a around a major improvement in our agent's major improvement in our agent's major improvement in our agent's performance. The second big lesson that performance. The second big lesson that performance. The second big lesson that I'm going to talk about is context I'm going to talk about is context I'm going to talk about is context management. management. management. So, So, So, what we learned was that the to-do plan what we learned was that the to-do plan what we learned was that the to-do plan that was in our agent needs to live that was in our agent needs to live that was in our agent needs to live somewhere that's really specific and somewhere that's really specific and somewhere that's really specific and reliable reliable reliable and can't be buried inside the and can't be buried inside the and can't be buried inside the conversation history. conversation history. conversation history. Because the conversation history can get Because the conversation history can get Because the conversation history can get truncated, it can get Imagine, you know, truncated, it can get Imagine, you know, truncated, it can get Imagine, you know, users store users store users store you know, millions of spans in a rise, you know, millions of spans in a rise, you know, millions of spans in a rise, they store hundreds of experiments. This they store hundreds of experiments. This they store hundreds of experiments. This can all the plan can get truncated by can all the plan can get truncated by can all the plan can get truncated by just or pushed out by just all the JSON just or pushed out by just all the JSON just or pushed out by just all the JSON that is getting returned back. And so, that is getting returned back. And so, that is getting returned back. And so, what we realized is that this needs its what we realized is that this needs its what we realized is that this needs its own home, and we decided to give it its own home, and we decided to give it its own home, and we decided to give it its own home. own home. own home. Um this is how we learned the lesson Um this is how we learned the lesson Um this is how we learned the lesson actually. actually. actually. In the very early days of our agent, we In the very early days of our agent, we In the very early days of our agent, we did I mean we took shortcuts. Like we did I mean we took shortcuts. Like we did I mean we took shortcuts. Like we realized that um realized that um realized that um if you tried to put two different if you tried to put two different if you tried to put two different experiments inside of the system prompt, experiments inside of the system prompt, experiments inside of the system prompt, one of the system one of the experiments one of the system one of the experiments one of the system one of the experiments can have hundreds of rows. And so we can have hundreds of rows. And so we can have hundreds of rows. And so we were like, well, let's just make sure it were like, well, let's just make sure it were like, well, let's just make sure it never compares more than two experiments never compares more than two experiments never compares more than two experiments at a time. at a time. at a time. But But But I mean users run thousands of I mean users run thousands of I mean users run thousands of experiments in our product. And so experiments in our product. And so experiments in our product. And so you know, we tried to solve this like you know, we tried to solve this like you know, we tried to solve this like context overflow problem with a context overflow problem with a context overflow problem with a band-aid. We just said, do less. band-aid. We just said, do less. band-aid. We just said, do less. Um but that's not a real solution. It's Um but that's not a real solution. It's Um but that's not a real solution. It's just giving up. Um and so what we did just giving up. Um and so what we did just giving up. Um and so what we did was basically was basically was basically um um um we started to think about how cursor and we started to think about how cursor and we started to think about how cursor and Claude code navigate through a large Claude code navigate through a large Claude code navigate through a large code base. They don't just dump the code base. They don't just dump the code base. They don't just dump the entire file into the context window. entire file into the context window. entire file into the context window. They read a preview. They use grep to They read a preview. They use grep to They read a preview. They use grep to actually find what they need. They read actually find what they need. They read actually find what they need. They read just specific lines. I threw the just specific lines. I threw the just specific lines. I threw the screenshot because it shows like plus 90 screenshot because it shows like plus 90 screenshot because it shows like plus 90 lines. Um and what's important about lines. Um and what's important about lines. Um and what's important about this is that this is that this is that you know, the file lives on the disk, you know, the file lives on the disk, you know, the file lives on the disk, but the agent holds a reference to it. but the agent holds a reference to it. but the agent holds a reference to it. And we realized that we actually needed And we realized that we actually needed And we realized that we actually needed a pattern like that for handling large a pattern like that for handling large a pattern like that for handling large data. So we built this abstraction. We data. So we built this abstraction. We data. So we built this abstraction. We called it large JSON. Um called it large JSON. Um called it large JSON. Um Don't tell us we're bad at naming, we Don't tell us we're bad at naming, we Don't tell us we're bad at naming, we know. know. know. Uh but when a tool returns a really Uh but when a tool returns a really Uh but when a tool returns a really large data set, basically our agent Alex large data set, basically our agent Alex large data set, basically our agent Alex doesn't just put all of that inside the doesn't just put all of that inside the doesn't just put all of that inside the context. It stores the full data context. It stores the full data context. It stores the full data server-side memory, and then it just server-side memory, and then it just server-side memory, and then it just gives the LLM a preview. gives the LLM a preview. gives the LLM a preview. Plus, you know, the ID to that large Plus, you know, the ID to that large Plus, you know, the ID to that large JSON. JSON. JSON. So that's a way to to handle kind of a So that's a way to to handle kind of a So that's a way to to handle kind of a stable way for us to go and retrieve stable way for us to go and retrieve stable way for us to go and retrieve that piece of data. So now what the that piece of data. So now what the that piece of data. So now what the agent can do is agent can do is agent can do is you know, it can read just the preview. you know, it can read just the preview. you know, it can read just the preview. If it needs the entire large amount of If it needs the entire large amount of If it needs the entire large amount of data, it has a way to go back and get data, it has a way to go back and get data, it has a way to go back and get that. Um and so, it's it's basically that. Um and so, it's it's basically that. Um and so, it's it's basically just like having a file name that you just like having a file name that you just like having a file name that you can then go back and pull from disk. can then go back and pull from disk. can then go back and pull from disk. Okay, cool. So, we did that. Okay, cool. So, we did that. Okay, cool. So, we did that. But then we realized something else. I But then we realized something else. I But then we realized something else. I mean, the obvious approach that we took mean, the obvious approach that we took mean, the obvious approach that we took was just take the first, you know, 10 was just take the first, you know, 10 was just take the first, you know, 10 lines. Just take the first 100 lines. Um lines. Just take the first 100 lines. Um lines. Just take the first 100 lines. Um and and and and then, you know, obviously one line and then, you know, obviously one line and then, you know, obviously one line can have hella tokens. So, we're like, can have hella tokens. So, we're like, can have hella tokens. So, we're like, okay, let's be smart. Let's just take okay, let's be smart. Let's just take okay, let's be smart. Let's just take the first end tokens and stop. But what the first end tokens and stop. But what the first end tokens and stop. But what that did was actually it showed the that did was actually it showed the that did was actually it showed the agent just a few complete rows, but with agent just a few complete rows, but with agent just a few complete rows, but with no idea about the actual structure of no idea about the actual structure of no idea about the actual structure of that data. So, what we decided to do was that data. So, what we decided to do was that data. So, what we decided to do was actually, how do we compress the actual actually, how do we compress the actual actually, how do we compress the actual value um but not the structure so that value um but not the structure so that value um but not the structure so that the agent understands what the entire the agent understands what the entire the agent understands what the entire JSON should look like. So, what we did, JSON should look like. So, what we did, JSON should look like. So, what we did, um what Alex does, is it now it um what Alex does, is it now it um what Alex does, is it now it compresses the values inside the JSON compresses the values inside the JSON compresses the values inside the JSON JSON, um but not the structure. So, it JSON, um but not the structure. So, it JSON, um but not the structure. So, it walks through the entire JSON tree and walks through the entire JSON tree and walks through the entire JSON tree and it truncates every single value inside it truncates every single value inside it truncates every single value inside of a cell to 100 characters max, which of a cell to 100 characters max, which of a cell to 100 characters max, which means that every field, every key, every means that every field, every key, every means that every field, every key, every array element um that appears in that array element um that appears in that array element um that appears in that preview, preview, preview, you know, except for like really long you know, except for like really long you know, except for like really long strings, everything um ends up getting strings, everything um ends up getting strings, everything um ends up getting truncated. But the agent ends up seeing truncated. But the agent ends up seeing truncated. But the agent ends up seeing actually the full shape of the entire actually the full shape of the entire actually the full shape of the entire data. And that's what you need to data. And that's what you need to data. And that's what you need to actually write a useful query. So, we actually write a useful query. So, we actually write a useful query. So, we empowered our agent with really small empowered our agent with really small empowered our agent with really small composable tools. So, things like, yeah, composable tools. So, things like, yeah, composable tools. So, things like, yeah, jq, jq, jq, uh the same jq you'd use on the command uh the same jq you'd use on the command uh the same jq you'd use on the command line, uh and grep JSON, which is just line, uh and grep JSON, which is just line, uh and grep JSON, which is just regex search um over serialized data. regex search um over serialized data. regex search um over serialized data. So, the agent can now write JQ So, the agent can now write JQ So, the agent can now write JQ expressions to slice, filter, aggregate, expressions to slice, filter, aggregate, expressions to slice, filter, aggregate, transform the data. And we also had some transform the data. And we also had some transform the data. And we also had some kind of hard budget, something like no kind of hard budget, something like no kind of hard budget, something like no tool call output can exceed 10,000 tool call output can exceed 10,000 tool call output can exceed 10,000 characters. Which meant that no matter characters. Which meant that no matter characters. Which meant that no matter how large the actual underlying data how large the actual underlying data how large the actual underlying data was, each query actually cost a was, each query actually cost a was, each query actually cost a predictable amount of context. predictable amount of context. predictable amount of context. Um and there was no overflow. You just Um and there was no overflow. You just Um and there was no overflow. You just had to make sure go through extra turns had to make sure go through extra turns had to make sure go through extra turns if it needed it. So, you're going to if it needed it. So, you're going to if it needed it. So, you're going to hear me say this again and again, but hear me say this again and again, but hear me say this again and again, but small composable tools is something we small composable tools is something we small composable tools is something we we realized and it's it's not a new we realized and it's it's not a new we realized and it's it's not a new idea. It's a really old idea. I mean, idea. It's a really old idea. I mean, idea. It's a really old idea. I mean, JQ's old, grep is even older. JQ's old, grep is even older. JQ's old, grep is even older. Um Um Um but these tools are are really small. but these tools are are really small. but these tools are are really small. They do one thing really really well and They do one thing really really well and They do one thing really really well and you can compose them on top of each you can compose them on top of each you can compose them on top of each other. They usually kind of accept, you other. They usually kind of accept, you other. They usually kind of accept, you know, the input, they produce some know, the input, they produce some know, the input, they produce some output, and basically this is all we output, and basically this is all we output, and basically this is all we needed in order to make sure that our needed in order to make sure that our needed in order to make sure that our agent handled context really really agent handled context really really agent handled context really really well. Um well. Um well. Um what this did was basically enable us to what this did was basically enable us to what this did was basically enable us to manage infinite amount of context. manage infinite amount of context. manage infinite amount of context. And you know, this was probably one of And you know, this was probably one of And you know, this was probably one of the biggest takeaways for us because the biggest takeaways for us because the biggest takeaways for us because before large JSON and, you know, before large JSON and, you know, before large JSON and, you know, enabling these small composable tools, enabling these small composable tools, enabling these small composable tools, every time a user wanted to go and, you every time a user wanted to go and, you every time a user wanted to go and, you know, do analysis over 100 spans or know, do analysis over 100 spans or know, do analysis over 100 spans or compare multiple experiments, we just we compare multiple experiments, we just we compare multiple experiments, we just we just were in this problem of context just were in this problem of context just were in this problem of context overflow. And we tried band-aid and overflow. And we tried band-aid and overflow. And we tried band-aid and band-aid and band-aid limit the smaller band-aid and band-aid limit the smaller band-aid and band-aid limit the smaller amount of data, but what we realized is amount of data, but what we realized is amount of data, but what we realized is if we were just smart about how we if we were just smart about how we if we were just smart about how we handled the data and and the agent could handled the data and and the agent could handled the data and and the agent could ask for more information when it needed ask for more information when it needed ask for more information when it needed it, it, it, um um um this basically, this basically, this basically, you know, got us out of this like you know, got us out of this like you know, got us out of this like context exploding dump problem we ended context exploding dump problem we ended context exploding dump problem we ended up in. up in. up in. So, now there's no limitation. You can So, now there's no limitation. You can So, now there's no limitation. You can handle hundreds of experiments and our handle hundreds of experiments and our handle hundreds of experiments and our agent can actually completely handle agent can actually completely handle agent can actually completely handle that. So, these are some of the lessons that. So, these are some of the lessons that. So, these are some of the lessons from kind of the the context management. from kind of the the context management. from kind of the the context management. One is One is One is hard token budgets on every tool output hard token budgets on every tool output hard token budgets on every tool output that actually gets passed into the that actually gets passed into the that actually gets passed into the context window. context window. context window. Um compress values, not structure. The Um compress values, not structure. The Um compress values, not structure. The agent should know what your data looks agent should know what your data looks agent should know what your data looks like, but it doesn't need to have all like, but it doesn't need to have all like, but it doesn't need to have all the text kind of, you know, shown to it the text kind of, you know, shown to it the text kind of, you know, shown to it in order to be able to understand that in order to be able to understand that in order to be able to understand that structure. This is an important one. Use structure. This is an important one. Use structure. This is an important one. Use recoverable exceptions when creating the recoverable exceptions when creating the recoverable exceptions when creating the the feedback loops. Basically, the feedback loops. Basically, the feedback loops. Basically, um every time we got into this problem um every time we got into this problem um every time we got into this problem where it failed, the tool call failed where it failed, the tool call failed where it failed, the tool call failed because of some, you know, context because of some, you know, context because of some, you know, context overflow, we started end up having these overflow, we started end up having these overflow, we started end up having these ways for the agent to go back and learn, ways for the agent to go back and learn, ways for the agent to go back and learn, "Hey, query a smaller and smaller piece "Hey, query a smaller and smaller piece "Hey, query a smaller and smaller piece of data until, you know, you don't of data until, you know, you don't of data until, you know, you don't overwhelm the context window." So, this overwhelm the context window." So, this overwhelm the context window." So, this is a this was lesson number two. Lesson is a this was lesson number two. Lesson is a this was lesson number two. Lesson number three is a really important one. number three is a really important one. number three is a really important one. This is um This is um This is um probably one of the hardest parts when probably one of the hardest parts when probably one of the hardest parts when you're building an agent, which is how you're building an agent, which is how you're building an agent, which is how do you test this? do you test this? do you test this? Traditional software engineering tests Traditional software engineering tests Traditional software engineering tests kind of assert deterministic behavior. kind of assert deterministic behavior. kind of assert deterministic behavior. You have X, expect Y. Agents really You have X, expect Y. Agents really You have X, expect Y. Agents really break that because your output is break that because your output is break that because your output is non-deterministic. The same prompt can non-deterministic. The same prompt can non-deterministic. The same prompt can produce different responses every single produce different responses every single produce different responses every single run. And run. And run. And all of those could be correct. So, you all of those could be correct. So, you all of those could be correct. So, you can't just assert on exact text matches. can't just assert on exact text matches. can't just assert on exact text matches. Um you can't even, and I know some Um you can't even, and I know some Um you can't even, and I know some people do this, which is did it call the people do this, which is did it call the people do this, which is did it call the right sequence of tool calls? right sequence of tool calls? right sequence of tool calls? I mean I mean I mean sometimes it might make an extra tool sometimes it might make an extra tool sometimes it might make an extra tool call and it still gets to the right call and it still gets to the right call and it still gets to the right answer. That doesn't mean that it's answer. That doesn't mean that it's answer. That doesn't mean that it's necessarily wrong. Um so, it's not I I necessarily wrong. Um so, it's not I I necessarily wrong. Um so, it's not I I personally don't think that asserting personally don't think that asserting personally don't think that asserting the same sequence of tool calls is the the same sequence of tool calls is the the same sequence of tool calls is the right thing um because some users might right thing um because some users might right thing um because some users might ask a really complex question that asks ask a really complex question that asks ask a really complex question that asks the agent to go through multiple tool the agent to go through multiple tool the agent to go through multiple tool calls. I mean, this is where we started, calls. I mean, this is where we started, calls. I mean, this is where we started, it's where everyone starts, right? Which it's where everyone starts, right? Which it's where everyone starts, right? Which is vibe vibe checking, right? We watched is vibe vibe checking, right? We watched is vibe vibe checking, right? We watched Alex, we eyeballed kind of the output. Alex, we eyeballed kind of the output. Alex, we eyeballed kind of the output. Um Um, we we asked ourselves, "Does this Um Um, we we asked ourselves, "Does this Um Um, we we asked ourselves, "Does this look right? And then we shipped. Um, look right? And then we shipped. Um, look right? And then we shipped. Um, and then it doesn't scale. This is where and then it doesn't scale. This is where and then it doesn't scale. This is where we started getting into all these we started getting into all these we started getting into all these problems where we were realizing we were problems where we were realizing we were problems where we were realizing we were just kind of dropping responses or not just kind of dropping responses or not just kind of dropping responses or not able to handle big big data inputs. able to handle big big data inputs. able to handle big big data inputs. Um, and this absolutely vibe checking Um, and this absolutely vibe checking Um, and this absolutely vibe checking doesn't you know, run in CI and you you doesn't you know, run in CI and you you doesn't you know, run in CI and you you just can't build a real production agent just can't build a real production agent just can't build a real production agent with vibe checks. And so this is with vibe checks. And so this is with vibe checks. And so this is something that we it was probably one of something that we it was probably one of something that we it was probably one of our biggest key insight, which is don't our biggest key insight, which is don't our biggest key insight, which is don't write expected inputs by hand. So, write expected inputs by hand. So, write expected inputs by hand. So, you might know what you want your agent you might know what you want your agent you might know what you want your agent to actually say or respond with, but to actually say or respond with, but to actually say or respond with, but just let production actually tell you just let production actually tell you just let production actually tell you what good looks like. When a user has a what good looks like. When a user has a what good looks like. When a user has a really good session, then you know, when really good session, then you know, when really good session, then you know, when when Alex actually does the right thing, when Alex actually does the right thing, when Alex actually does the right thing, we literally just take that session and we literally just take that session and we literally just take that session and we're we're like, "You're a golden we're we're like, "You're a golden we're we're like, "You're a golden example. Like you are what we should be example. Like you are what we should be example. Like you are what we should be trying to do." And those traces actually trying to do." And those traces actually trying to do." And those traces actually give you everything. It's what the LM give you everything. It's what the LM give you everything. It's what the LM did, it's what tool calls were called, did, it's what tool calls were called, did, it's what tool calls were called, uh, in what order, and we basically uh, in what order, and we basically uh, in what order, and we basically turned those traces into our ground turned those traces into our ground turned those traces into our ground truth. Um, we didn't write it. A real truth. Um, we didn't write it. A real truth. Um, we didn't write it. A real actually user and a real, um, actually user and a real, um, actually user and a real, um, it's a it was a real instance of Alex it's a it was a real instance of Alex it's a it was a real instance of Alex that was actually the ground truth. that was actually the ground truth. that was actually the ground truth. Um, and then what we did was we took Um, and then what we did was we took Um, and then what we did was we took that and we created levels of testing. that and we created levels of testing. that and we created levels of testing. The first level of testing, we called The first level of testing, we called The first level of testing, we called this like decision point tests. this like decision point tests. this like decision point tests. Um, Um, Um, and these are basically pie test based and these are basically pie test based and these are basically pie test based um, they're they're they're pie tests um, they're they're they're pie tests um, they're they're they're pie tests that basically validate very specific that basically validate very specific that basically validate very specific agent decisions. For example, like if agent decisions. For example, like if agent decisions. For example, like if you're building a message history up you're building a message history up you're building a message history up until some kind of like decision point, until some kind of like decision point, until some kind of like decision point, you we would actually run the actual you we would actually run the actual you we would actually run the actual orchestrator and assert that this output orchestrator and assert that this output orchestrator and assert that this output is correct. Like it has access to these is correct. Like it has access to these is correct. Like it has access to these tool calls, these traces, uh, this is tool calls, these traces, uh, this is tool calls, these traces, uh, this is the number of experiments. And we we had the number of experiments. And we we had the number of experiments. And we we had flexible logic, right? So like, you flexible logic, right? So like, you flexible logic, right? So like, you know, 2 seconds, 2,000 milliseconds. know, 2 seconds, 2,000 milliseconds. know, 2 seconds, 2,000 milliseconds. Like, there's there's some flexibility, Like, there's there's some flexibility, Like, there's there's some flexibility, but for the most part, it's pretty but for the most part, it's pretty but for the most part, it's pretty deterministic. That's, you know, this is deterministic. That's, you know, this is deterministic. That's, you know, this is awesome for when you're writing awesome for when you're writing awesome for when you're writing code-based tests, you want to make sure code-based tests, you want to make sure code-based tests, you want to make sure you're as deterministic as possible. The you're as deterministic as possible. The you're as deterministic as possible. The second stage is actually when you start second stage is actually when you start second stage is actually when you start getting into this idea of like getting into this idea of like getting into this idea of like trajectory-level tests. This is where trajectory-level tests. This is where trajectory-level tests. This is where you're measuring did the agent you're measuring did the agent you're measuring did the agent accomplish the task in front of it. So, accomplish the task in front of it. So, accomplish the task in front of it. So, entire sessions, entire sessions, entire sessions, we would just extract them from the we would just extract them from the we would just extract them from the production traces and replay it against production traces and replay it against production traces and replay it against our code. Pull the trace, our code. Pull the trace, our code. Pull the trace, extract basically what the user asked extract basically what the user asked extract basically what the user asked for, replay it kind of row by row, for, replay it kind of row by row, for, replay it kind of row by row, except in this case, it's like span by except in this case, it's like span by except in this case, it's like span by span, to go through the the real span, to go through the the real span, to go through the the real orchestrator, and we would score the orchestrator, and we would score the orchestrator, and we would score the output of those results with an LLM output of those results with an LLM output of those results with an LLM judge. judge. judge. You know, did it you know, did it get to You know, did it you know, did it get to You know, did it you know, did it get to the same place? Did it trigger the right the same place? Did it trigger the right the same place? Did it trigger the right next step? Did it actually do a next step? Did it actually do a next step? Did it actually do a different path this time? Try it with different path this time? Try it with different path this time? Try it with different words and see if it actually different words and see if it actually different words and see if it actually got to the right response, but um this got to the right response, but um this got to the right response, but um this is this was a little bit more about is this was a little bit more about is this was a little bit more about testing the trajectory of the entire testing the trajectory of the entire testing the trajectory of the entire agent to see if it accomplished its agent to see if it accomplished its agent to see if it accomplished its goal. And what we realized here was that goal. And what we realized here was that goal. And what we realized here was that LLM as a judge was a really good way for LLM as a judge was a really good way for LLM as a judge was a really good way for us to do this. us to do this. us to do this. Um but the evaluation prompt that we Um but the evaluation prompt that we Um but the evaluation prompt that we actually used mattered a lot. Um actually used mattered a lot. Um actually used mattered a lot. Um and it needed to be kind of flexible and it needed to be kind of flexible and it needed to be kind of flexible enough so that it can handle kind of all enough so that it can handle kind of all enough so that it can handle kind of all the nuances. the nuances. the nuances. And And And this is this is maybe a really I can this is this is maybe a really I can this is this is maybe a really I can give you some examples. Like, this is a give you some examples. Like, this is a give you some examples. Like, this is a really subtle one that happened to us, really subtle one that happened to us, really subtle one that happened to us, but we changed one of the tool calls but we changed one of the tool calls but we changed one of the tool calls under the hood that our agent would under the hood that our agent would under the hood that our agent would call. So, instead of like a you know, call. So, instead of like a you know, call. So, instead of like a you know, get trace preview, we we named it to get trace preview, we we named it to get trace preview, we we named it to something else like get traces. And when something else like get traces. And when something else like get traces. And when that tool call got renamed, the agent that tool call got renamed, the agent that tool call got renamed, the agent basically tried to call a function that basically tried to call a function that basically tried to call a function that didn't exist, and it made this whole didn't exist, and it made this whole didn't exist, and it made this whole runtime failure completely invisible if runtime failure completely invisible if runtime failure completely invisible if you're just using like unit tests or if you're just using like unit tests or if you're just using like unit tests or if you're stubbing data. Um and so, what we you're stubbing data. Um and so, what we you're stubbing data. Um and so, what we started doing was actually we put this started doing was actually we put this started doing was actually we put this into CI. Anytime anyone now makes a into CI. Anytime anyone now makes a into CI. Anytime anyone now makes a change to our agent, there's experiments change to our agent, there's experiments change to our agent, there's experiments in CI that run live. in CI that run live. in CI that run live. Anything from a prompt to a tool call. Anything from a prompt to a tool call. Anything from a prompt to a tool call. And Claude code review actually now runs And Claude code review actually now runs And Claude code review actually now runs on every single PR with those validation on every single PR with those validation on every single PR with those validation rules. rules. rules. And this is great because it means that And this is great because it means that And this is great because it means that somebody could change just a prompt somebody could change just a prompt somebody could change just a prompt within Alex and we're essentially using, within Alex and we're essentially using, within Alex and we're essentially using, you know, natural language to vet you know, natural language to vet you know, natural language to vet natural language. To be honest, this is natural language. To be honest, this is natural language. To be honest, this is the part that I kind of love. We get to the part that I kind of love. We get to the part that I kind of love. We get to dog food our own product. We're an dog food our own product. We're an dog food our own product. We're an eval's platform. Our entire test run eval's platform. Our entire test run eval's platform. Our entire test run inside of arise and this is a way for us inside of arise and this is a way for us inside of arise and this is a way for us to make sure that if we're able to bring to make sure that if we're able to bring to make sure that if we're able to bring our own agent's performance up by doing our own agent's performance up by doing our own agent's performance up by doing these type of CICD checks and evals and these type of CICD checks and evals and these type of CICD checks and evals and it's pretty good validation that we're it's pretty good validation that we're it's pretty good validation that we're we're on the right track. Here's some of we're on the right track. Here's some of we're on the right track. Here's some of the lessons that we learned from kind of the lessons that we learned from kind of the lessons that we learned from kind of this this lesson number three of this this lesson number three of this this lesson number three of crystallizing behavior. crystallizing behavior. crystallizing behavior. Build some infra to actually capture Build some infra to actually capture Build some infra to actually capture your traces and your golden sessions. your traces and your golden sessions. your traces and your golden sessions. Don't wait until, you know, you need to Don't wait until, you know, you need to Don't wait until, you know, you need to really, you know, set something on fire really, you know, set something on fire really, you know, set something on fire from from building tests. Run against from from building tests. Run against from from building tests. Run against real APIs, not just mocks. real APIs, not just mocks. real APIs, not just mocks. I think that this was this was kind of I think that this was this was kind of I think that this was this was kind of one of the the big ones that we we one of the the big ones that we we one of the the big ones that we we learned. This is my last lesson for you learned. This is my last lesson for you learned. This is my last lesson for you guys, which is so, we've done planning, guys, which is so, we've done planning, guys, which is so, we've done planning, we've got context management, and now we we've got context management, and now we we've got context management, and now we have actually tests running in CI. have actually tests running in CI. have actually tests running in CI. You deploy. Something goes wrong. You deploy. Something goes wrong. You deploy. Something goes wrong. You're running an LLM in production. I You're running an LLM in production. I You're running an LLM in production. I mean, something's going to go wrong. And mean, something's going to go wrong. And mean, something's going to go wrong. And one of the things we learned is that one of the things we learned is that one of the things we learned is that manual debugging is just really, really manual debugging is just really, really manual debugging is just really, really hard. hard. hard. A human's debugging Alex is opening up A human's debugging Alex is opening up A human's debugging Alex is opening up arise. You might have some stuff that's arise. You might have some stuff that's arise. You might have some stuff that's related to related to related to um um um code and that's in data dog and then you code and that's in data dog and then you code and that's in data dog and then you might have something that never even might have something that never even might have something that never even made it to data dog and that's in your made it to data dog and that's in your made it to data dog and that's in your GCP logs. And it's just it's a very GCP logs. And it's just it's a very GCP logs. And it's just it's a very tedious thing to debug because it's tedious thing to debug because it's tedious thing to debug because it's often cross system, really, you know, often cross system, really, you know, often cross system, really, you know, messy data to traverse. And this is messy data to traverse. And this is messy data to traverse. And this is something that LLM's are actually very, something that LLM's are actually very, something that LLM's are actually very, very good at. And this is something I very good at. And this is something I very good at. And this is something I want to share with you guys which is a want to share with you guys which is a want to share with you guys which is a bit of like bit of like bit of like a change that we're all kind of going a change that we're all kind of going a change that we're all kind of going through as an industry right now. Um of through as an industry right now. Um of through as an industry right now. Um of how software gets built. how software gets built. how software gets built. You know, You know, You know, phase one which is kind of like software phase one which is kind of like software phase one which is kind of like software 1.0, this is the world that probably at 1.0, this is the world that probably at 1.0, this is the world that probably at least I started engineering in, probably least I started engineering in, probably least I started engineering in, probably the world that most of you guys grew up the world that most of you guys grew up the world that most of you guys grew up in, which is a human writes code in an in, which is a human writes code in an in, which is a human writes code in an IDE, the application runs, it emits some IDE, the application runs, it emits some IDE, the application runs, it emits some telemetry, the human then goes reads telemetry, the human then goes reads telemetry, the human then goes reads some dashboard and some logs and then some dashboard and some logs and then some dashboard and some logs and then the human decides this is broken, this the human decides this is broken, this the human decides this is broken, this is what I need to go do to deploy a fix. is what I need to go do to deploy a fix. is what I need to go do to deploy a fix. Um but it's the human kind of completely Um but it's the human kind of completely Um but it's the human kind of completely doing this. Right now, most of us are doing this. Right now, most of us are doing this. Right now, most of us are probably in phase two, which is probably in phase two, which is probably in phase two, which is um the human's kind of prompting a um the human's kind of prompting a um the human's kind of prompting a coding agent inside of like cursor, coding agent inside of like cursor, coding agent inside of like cursor, cloud code. Um the agent's writing code, cloud code. Um the agent's writing code, cloud code. Um the agent's writing code, but the person who's probably still but the person who's probably still but the person who's probably still looking at the observability data, still looking at the observability data, still looking at the observability data, still the human. The human's reading the the human. The human's reading the the human. The human's reading the dashboard, it's making hey, this is a dashboard, it's making hey, this is a dashboard, it's making hey, this is a bug, and then it's actually using that bug, and then it's actually using that bug, and then it's actually using that to um to um to um you know, answer me you know, answer me you know, answer me and then they go back to the agent and and then they go back to the agent and and then they go back to the agent and use it to actually go fix code. I'm use it to actually go fix code. I'm use it to actually go fix code. I'm actually really excited about where this actually really excited about where this actually really excited about where this is going, which is phase three, where is going, which is phase three, where is going, which is phase three, where this goes autonomous. The agent should this goes autonomous. The agent should this goes autonomous. The agent should be able to have access to your be able to have access to your be able to have access to your observability platforms. It should query observability platforms. It should query observability platforms. It should query traces. It should have access to all of traces. It should have access to all of traces. It should have access to all of that telemetry and it should honestly that telemetry and it should honestly that telemetry and it should honestly implement the changes and then just let implement the changes and then just let implement the changes and then just let the human know. the human know. the human know. The human's role should really shift to The human's role should really shift to The human's role should really shift to now being, you know, monitoring over the now being, you know, monitoring over the now being, you know, monitoring over the system. And this is kind of my thesis, system. And this is kind of my thesis, system. And this is kind of my thesis, which is observability platforms were which is observability platforms were which is observability platforms were built for humans, all the like built for humans, all the like built for humans, all the like dashboards, whatever, dashboards, whatever, dashboards, whatever, the paradigm is now breaking when the the paradigm is now breaking when the the paradigm is now breaking when the primary consumer of all of this primary consumer of all of this primary consumer of all of this telemetry data is now an agent. Um telemetry data is now an agent. Um telemetry data is now an agent. Um agents don't care about charts. They agents don't care about charts. They agents don't care about charts. They don't really care about all the pretty don't really care about all the pretty don't really care about all the pretty visualizations. They care about visualizations. They care about visualizations. They care about structured data and they care about CLIs structured data and they care about CLIs structured data and they care about CLIs and that interface layer has to evolve. and that interface layer has to evolve. and that interface layer has to evolve. Um Um Um and this is this is why um and this is this is why um and this is this is why um you know, the source of truth is you know, the source of truth is you know, the source of truth is actually shifting right now. When you actually shifting right now. When you actually shifting right now. When you think about uh traditional software, and think about uh traditional software, and think about uh traditional software, and this is actually Harrison Chase from this is actually Harrison Chase from this is actually Harrison Chase from LangChain said this, and I think he's LangChain said this, and I think he's LangChain said this, and I think he's actually really right. Um when you think actually really right. Um when you think actually really right. Um when you think about kind of traditional software, about kind of traditional software, about kind of traditional software, you can actually go through and read you can actually go through and read you can actually go through and read every line of the code, and every path every line of the code, and every path every line of the code, and every path that the code can take is really visible that the code can take is really visible that the code can take is really visible to you. But here, to you. But here, to you. But here, it's non-deterministic. You don't know it's non-deterministic. You don't know it's non-deterministic. You don't know what the agent's going to do every time what the agent's going to do every time what the agent's going to do every time it's making a decision. Which means that it's making a decision. Which means that it's making a decision. Which means that you know, every single thing that you know, every single thing that you know, every single thing that actually happens is logged inside of the actually happens is logged inside of the actually happens is logged inside of the traces. traces. traces. Um Um Um and this has a direct implication for and this has a direct implication for and this has a direct implication for coding agents. A coding agent can't just coding agents. A coding agent can't just coding agents. A coding agent can't just look at your code and see what happened. look at your code and see what happened. look at your code and see what happened. The coding agent actually needs The coding agent actually needs The coding agent actually needs access to these traces to figure out access to these traces to figure out access to these traces to figure out what is happening at runtime. what is happening at runtime. what is happening at runtime. And it can figure out what the errors And it can figure out what the errors And it can figure out what the errors are, it can figure out when there's tool are, it can figure out when there's tool are, it can figure out when there's tool call loops that aren't working call loops that aren't working call loops that aren't working correctly. And if it doesn't have access correctly. And if it doesn't have access correctly. And if it doesn't have access to that, it actually can't do any of to that, it actually can't do any of to that, it actually can't do any of this self-improvement loop that we all this self-improvement loop that we all this self-improvement loop that we all want to kind of get to. The thesis is want to kind of get to. The thesis is want to kind of get to. The thesis is give your agent access to your give your agent access to your give your agent access to your observability telemetry stack. Um the observability telemetry stack. Um the observability telemetry stack. Um the way this works for us, this is actually way this works for us, this is actually way this works for us, this is actually what we do, is our entire Alex agent has what we do, is our entire Alex agent has what we do, is our entire Alex agent has access to all of the data inside of our access to all of the data inside of our access to all of the data inside of our platform. It has access to the traces, platform. It has access to the traces, platform. It has access to the traces, it has access to the evals that are it has access to the evals that are it has access to the evals that are running on the production traces, it has running on the production traces, it has running on the production traces, it has access to the feedback. All of this is access to the feedback. All of this is access to the feedback. All of this is accessible via our CLI, accessible via our CLI, accessible via our CLI, um also as our skills, and essentially um also as our skills, and essentially um also as our skills, and essentially that's the bridge between your that's the bridge between your that's the bridge between your application your your coding agent being application your your coding agent being application your your coding agent being able to debug and autonomously start to able to debug and autonomously start to able to debug and autonomously start to improve your actual agent. improve your actual agent. improve your actual agent. And so we're actually doing this today And so we're actually doing this today And so we're actually doing this today internally, where the coding agent now internally, where the coding agent now internally, where the coding agent now uses that data to figure out every time uses that data to figure out every time uses that data to figure out every time a user hits an issue, we know it a user hits an issue, we know it a user hits an issue, we know it happened because we're looking at the happened because we're looking at the happened because we're looking at the traces. We can can automatically go put traces. We can can automatically go put traces. We can can automatically go put up a fix, and we actually have a human up a fix, and we actually have a human up a fix, and we actually have a human just review that fix, which is really, just review that fix, which is really, just review that fix, which is really, really powerful. Um the skills it's really powerful. Um the skills it's really powerful. Um the skills it's available actually today in case you available actually today in case you available actually today in case you guys want to use it with your own coding guys want to use it with your own coding guys want to use it with your own coding agent. All you have to do is just NPX agent. All you have to do is just NPX agent. All you have to do is just NPX skills at arise, and basically like skills at arise, and basically like skills at arise, and basically like these are some of the things that the these are some of the things that the these are some of the things that the skills can do. It can just help you skills can do. It can just help you skills can do. It can just help you instrument your entire agent. It can go instrument your entire agent. It can go instrument your entire agent. It can go pull all of the spans of your agent, pull all of the spans of your agent, pull all of the spans of your agent, surface up summaries, it can go help you surface up summaries, it can go help you surface up summaries, it can go help you write evals, and the vision here is that write evals, and the vision here is that write evals, and the vision here is that this is going to become the AI this is going to become the AI this is going to become the AI engineering loop where your agent is engineering loop where your agent is engineering loop where your agent is going to have access to all of your going to have access to all of your going to have access to all of your data. It's going to observe it. It's data. It's going to observe it. It's data. It's going to observe it. It's going to fetch the traces. It's going to going to fetch the traces. It's going to going to fetch the traces. It's going to fetch the spans. fetch the spans. fetch the spans. It's going to hypothesize. What should I It's going to hypothesize. What should I It's going to hypothesize. What should I actually go do? Form a theory about all actually go do? Form a theory about all actually go do? Form a theory about all the times your agent's giving your the times your agent's giving your the times your agent's giving your application has some kind of bad application has some kind of bad application has some kind of bad response. Your coding agent should response. Your coding agent should response. Your coding agent should actually hypothesize why. actually hypothesize why. actually hypothesize why. Uh it shouldn't guess from the code. It Uh it shouldn't guess from the code. It Uh it shouldn't guess from the code. It shouldn't just, you know, guess from, shouldn't just, you know, guess from, shouldn't just, you know, guess from, you know, console logs. It should you know, console logs. It should you know, console logs. It should actually look at the traces, understand actually look at the traces, understand actually look at the traces, understand what happened, and then it should what happened, and then it should what happened, and then it should actually design and run experiments that actually design and run experiments that actually design and run experiments that then get automatically logged, um and then get automatically logged, um and then get automatically logged, um and and you can measure the outcomes. If and you can measure the outcomes. If and you can measure the outcomes. If it's good, ship it. If it's not, go it's good, ship it. If it's not, go it's good, ship it. If it's not, go back, try again. If you have logs in back, try again. If you have logs in back, try again. If you have logs in other places, like in our world I was other places, like in our world I was other places, like in our world I was saying that we actually have our data saying that we actually have our data saying that we actually have our data inside of We have all the stuff that the inside of We have all the stuff that the inside of We have all the stuff that the agent does, um you know, the agent's agent does, um you know, the agent's agent does, um you know, the agent's perspective, all live inside of arise. perspective, all live inside of arise. perspective, all live inside of arise. We do also have DataDog for all the We do also have DataDog for all the We do also have DataDog for all the servers perspective. So this is all the servers perspective. So this is all the servers perspective. So this is all the latencies, errors, HTTP status codes. latencies, errors, HTTP status codes. latencies, errors, HTTP status codes. And then GCP actually stores our entire And then GCP actually stores our entire And then GCP actually stores our entire infrastructure kind of perspective. So infrastructure kind of perspective. So infrastructure kind of perspective. So anything that, you know, GRPC errors anything that, you know, GRPC errors anything that, you know, GRPC errors that never even made it into as a span. that never even made it into as a span. that never even made it into as a span. And so all of these we now have exposed And so all of these we now have exposed And so all of these we now have exposed as skills as a loop. Um as skills as a loop. Um as skills as a loop. Um and we just go ask our our agent go and we just go ask our our agent go and we just go ask our our agent go figure out, hey, you know, Alex gave figure out, hey, you know, Alex gave figure out, hey, you know, Alex gave this user a wrong answer, this user a wrong answer, this user a wrong answer, uh and go figure out what went wrong, uh and go figure out what went wrong, uh and go figure out what went wrong, and go go make an improvement. And it and go go make an improvement. And it and go go make an improvement. And it goes through, it figures out what, you goes through, it figures out what, you goes through, it figures out what, you know, what skills to call, and it know, what skills to call, and it know, what skills to call, and it fetches all of the telemetry data, and fetches all of the telemetry data, and fetches all of the telemetry data, and you know, we've caught a lot of things. you know, we've caught a lot of things. you know, we've caught a lot of things. We've caught things like out of memory We've caught things like out of memory We've caught things like out of memory issues. We've caught bad prompts. We've issues. We've caught bad prompts. We've issues. We've caught bad prompts. We've caught things that weren't even related caught things that weren't even related caught things that weren't even related to our agent. Um something that used to to our agent. Um something that used to to our agent. Um something that used to take an engineer on our team maybe like take an engineer on our team maybe like take an engineer on our team maybe like half of half an hour to go do, the half of half an hour to go do, the half of half an hour to go do, the agent's probably able to do in like 2 agent's probably able to do in like 2 agent's probably able to do in like 2 minutes, which is which is really minutes, which is which is really minutes, which is which is really awesome. Um awesome. Um awesome. Um we do have to be, you know, mindful we do have to be, you know, mindful we do have to be, you know, mindful about the skills that are exposed about the skills that are exposed about the skills that are exposed though. We only gave skills that can do though. We only gave skills that can do though. We only gave skills that can do safe things. So, we do have like wrapper safe things. So, we do have like wrapper safe things. So, we do have like wrapper scripts around some of the more powerful scripts around some of the more powerful scripts around some of the more powerful CLI calls. CLI calls. CLI calls. Um Um Um and you know, some of them do involve, and you know, some of them do involve, and you know, some of them do involve, you know, asking for permission if it you know, asking for permission if it you know, asking for permission if it really is um need needs that type of really is um need needs that type of really is um need needs that type of guardrails. So, the TLDR from kind of guardrails. So, the TLDR from kind of guardrails. So, the TLDR from kind of once you're in production, how do you once you're in production, how do you once you're in production, how do you debug an actual agent? One, build debug an actual agent? One, build debug an actual agent? One, build skills. They're low cost, high ROI. Uh skills. They're low cost, high ROI. Uh skills. They're low cost, high ROI. Uh second, be smart about, you know, making second, be smart about, you know, making second, be smart about, you know, making sure that the skills are have are sure that the skills are have are sure that the skills are have are wrapped in something safe. And then wrapped in something safe. And then wrapped in something safe. And then this is maybe the big meta thing, which this is maybe the big meta thing, which this is maybe the big meta thing, which is debugging an agent is an agent-shaped is debugging an agent is an agent-shaped is debugging an agent is an agent-shaped problem. Like, let an agent kind of do problem. Like, let an agent kind of do problem. Like, let an agent kind of do what it's good at, um what it's good at, um what it's good at, um and and and debug itself. Like, let it sift through debug itself. Like, let it sift through debug itself. Like, let it sift through the traces, let it sift through the the traces, let it sift through the the traces, let it sift through the logs, let it go correlate IDs and logs, let it go correlate IDs and logs, let it go correlate IDs and timestamps, and go down a procedure to timestamps, and go down a procedure to timestamps, and go down a procedure to narrow down a root cause, and and and narrow down a root cause, and and and narrow down a root cause, and and and the last one is, you might want to the last one is, you might want to the last one is, you might want to invest in observability before you invest in observability before you invest in observability before you actually think you need it. It's actually think you need it. It's actually think you need it. It's incredibly cheap. You get visibility incredibly cheap. You get visibility incredibly cheap. You get visibility into your agent, and it's probably going into your agent, and it's probably going into your agent, and it's probably going to help you make sure that your agent to help you make sure that your agent to help you make sure that your agent improves. So, these are some of the big improves. So, these are some of the big improves. So, these are some of the big lessons. What does this all boil down lessons. What does this all boil down lessons. What does this all boil down to? One is plan to not lose sight of the to? One is plan to not lose sight of the to? One is plan to not lose sight of the goal. This is really important so that goal. This is really important so that goal. This is really important so that your agent doesn't just forget your agent doesn't just forget your agent doesn't just forget everything it learns. Second, you know, everything it learns. Second, you know, everything it learns. Second, you know, it's almost counterintuitive to lesson it's almost counterintuitive to lesson it's almost counterintuitive to lesson one, which is one, which is one, which is but even though it gathers all that but even though it gathers all that but even though it gathers all that context, make sure you only provide it context, make sure you only provide it context, make sure you only provide it just enough context. You can always have just enough context. You can always have just enough context. You can always have tool calls to you know, composable tools tool calls to you know, composable tools tool calls to you know, composable tools to go get more. Three, when something to go get more. Three, when something to go get more. Three, when something does go really well, like don't just does go really well, like don't just does go really well, like don't just talk about the stuff where it's not talk about the stuff where it's not talk about the stuff where it's not doing well. Like actually crystallize doing well. Like actually crystallize doing well. Like actually crystallize the stuff that it does really well. And the stuff that it does really well. And the stuff that it does really well. And then, I mean, it's production, it's then, I mean, it's production, it's then, I mean, it's production, it's going to go bad. You might as well get going to go bad. You might as well get going to go bad. You might as well get you ready to go and debug and have the you ready to go and debug and have the you ready to go and debug and have the data and the tools ready to understand data and the tools ready to understand data and the tools ready to understand how to make it better. These are maybe how to make it better. These are maybe how to make it better. These are maybe two big themes of things we learned, two big themes of things we learned, two big themes of things we learned, which is context engineering is which is context engineering is which is context engineering is basically everything, how you handle basically everything, how you handle basically everything, how you handle context. The second theme is just it's a context. The second theme is just it's a context. The second theme is just it's a very weird but fun problem as software very weird but fun problem as software very weird but fun problem as software engineers, you know, it's always very engineers, you know, it's always very engineers, you know, it's always very deterministic systems, but we're all deterministic systems, but we're all deterministic systems, but we're all probably handling non-determinism and probably handling non-determinism and probably handling non-determinism and it's fun and a new type of challenge it's fun and a new type of challenge it's fun and a new type of challenge that I think we're all trying to figure that I think we're all trying to figure that I think we're all trying to figure out how to how to understand. So, thank out how to how to understand. So, thank out how to how to understand. So, thank you guys so much for the time. &gt;&gt; [music]
