[Music] [Music] [Music] Wow, it's uh incredible to be on the Wow, it's uh incredible to be on the Wow, it's uh incredible to be on the same stage as uh so many people I've same stage as uh so many people I've same stage as uh so many people I've learned so much from. Let's get into it. learned so much from. Let's get into it. learned so much from. Let's get into it. My name is Barry and today we're going My name is Barry and today we're going My name is Barry and today we're going to be talking about how we build to be talking about how we build to be talking about how we build effective effective effective agents. About two months ago, Eric and I agents. About two months ago, Eric and I agents. About two months ago, Eric and I wrote a blog post called Building wrote a blog post called Building wrote a blog post called Building Effective Agents. In there, we shared Effective Agents. In there, we shared Effective Agents. In there, we shared some opinionated take on what an agent some opinionated take on what an agent some opinionated take on what an agent is and isn't, and we give some practical is and isn't, and we give some practical is and isn't, and we give some practical learnings that we have gained along the learnings that we have gained along the learnings that we have gained along the way. Today, I'd like to go deeper on way. Today, I'd like to go deeper on way. Today, I'd like to go deeper on three core ideas from the blog post and three core ideas from the blog post and three core ideas from the blog post and provide you with some personal musings provide you with some personal musings provide you with some personal musings at the at the at the end. Here are those end. Here are those end. Here are those ideas. First, don't build agents for ideas. First, don't build agents for ideas. First, don't build agents for everything. Second, keep it simple. And everything. Second, keep it simple. And everything. Second, keep it simple. And third, think like your third, think like your third, think like your agents. Let's first start with a recap agents. Let's first start with a recap agents. Let's first start with a recap of how we got here. Most of us probably of how we got here. Most of us probably of how we got here. Most of us probably started building very simple features. started building very simple features. started building very simple features. Things like summarization, Things like summarization, Things like summarization, classification, extraction, just really classification, extraction, just really classification, extraction, just really simple things that felt like magic two simple things that felt like magic two simple things that felt like magic two to three years ago and have now become to three years ago and have now become to three years ago and have now become table stakes. Then as we got more table stakes. Then as we got more table stakes. Then as we got more sophisticated and as products mature, we sophisticated and as products mature, we sophisticated and as products mature, we got more creative. One model call often got more creative. One model call often got more creative. One model call often wasn't enough. So we started wasn't enough. So we started wasn't enough. So we started orchestrating multiple model calls in orchestrating multiple model calls in orchestrating multiple model calls in predefined control flows. This basically predefined control flows. This basically predefined control flows. This basically gave us a way to trade off cause and gave us a way to trade off cause and gave us a way to trade off cause and latency for better performance and we latency for better performance and we latency for better performance and we call these call these call these workflows. We believe this is the workflows. We believe this is the workflows. We believe this is the beginning of agentic beginning of agentic beginning of agentic systems. Now models are even more systems. Now models are even more systems. Now models are even more capable and we are seeing more and more capable and we are seeing more and more capable and we are seeing more and more domain domain specific agents start to domain domain specific agents start to domain domain specific agents start to pop up in production. Unlike workflows, pop up in production. Unlike workflows, pop up in production. Unlike workflows, agents can decide their own trajectory agents can decide their own trajectory agents can decide their own trajectory and operate almost independently based and operate almost independently based and operate almost independently based on environment feedback. This is going on environment feedback. This is going on environment feedback. This is going to be our focus to be our focus to be our focus today. It's probably a little bit too today. It's probably a little bit too today. It's probably a little bit too early to name what the next phase of early to name what the next phase of early to name what the next phase of agentic system is going to look like, agentic system is going to look like, agentic system is going to look like, especially in production. Single agents especially in production. Single agents especially in production. Single agents could become a lot more general purpose could become a lot more general purpose could become a lot more general purpose and more capable or we can start to see and more capable or we can start to see and more capable or we can start to see collaboration and delegation in multi- collaboration and delegation in multi- collaboration and delegation in multi- aent settings. Regardless, I think the aent settings. Regardless, I think the aent settings. Regardless, I think the broad trend here is that as we give broad trend here is that as we give broad trend here is that as we give these systems a lot more agency, they these systems a lot more agency, they these systems a lot more agency, they become more useful and more capable. But become more useful and more capable. But become more useful and more capable. But as a result, the cost, the latency, the as a result, the cost, the latency, the as a result, the cost, the latency, the consequences of errors also go consequences of errors also go consequences of errors also go up. And that brings us to the first up. And that brings us to the first up. And that brings us to the first point. Don't build agents for point. Don't build agents for point. Don't build agents for everything. Well, why not? We think of everything. Well, why not? We think of everything. Well, why not? We think of agents as a way to scale complex and agents as a way to scale complex and agents as a way to scale complex and valuable tasks. They shouldn't be a drop valuable tasks. They shouldn't be a drop valuable tasks. They shouldn't be a drop in upgrade for every use case. If uh if in upgrade for every use case. If uh if in upgrade for every use case. If uh if you have read the blog post, you'll know you have read the blog post, you'll know you have read the blog post, you'll know that we talked a lot about workflows and that we talked a lot about workflows and that we talked a lot about workflows and that's because we really like them and that's because we really like them and that's because we really like them and they're a great concrete way to deliver they're a great concrete way to deliver they're a great concrete way to deliver values values values today. Well, so when should you build an today. Well, so when should you build an today. Well, so when should you build an agent? Here's our agent? Here's our agent? Here's our checklist. The first thing to consider checklist. The first thing to consider checklist. The first thing to consider is the complexity of your task. Agents is the complexity of your task. Agents is the complexity of your task. Agents really thrive in ambiguous problem really thrive in ambiguous problem really thrive in ambiguous problem spaces. And if you can map out the spaces. And if you can map out the spaces. And if you can map out the entire decision tree pretty easily, just entire decision tree pretty easily, just entire decision tree pretty easily, just build that explicitly and then optimize build that explicitly and then optimize build that explicitly and then optimize every node of that decision tree, it's a every node of that decision tree, it's a every node of that decision tree, it's a lot more cost- effective and it's going lot more cost- effective and it's going lot more cost- effective and it's going to give you a lot more to give you a lot more to give you a lot more control. Next thing to consider is the control. Next thing to consider is the control. Next thing to consider is the value of your task. That exploration I value of your task. That exploration I value of your task. That exploration I just mentioned is going to cost you a just mentioned is going to cost you a just mentioned is going to cost you a lot of tokens. So the task really needs lot of tokens. So the task really needs lot of tokens. So the task really needs to justify the cost. If your budget per to justify the cost. If your budget per to justify the cost. If your budget per task is around 10 cents, for example, task is around 10 cents, for example, task is around 10 cents, for example, you're building a u high volume customer you're building a u high volume customer you're building a u high volume customer support system, that only affords you 30 support system, that only affords you 30 support system, that only affords you 30 to 50,000 tokens. In that case, just use to 50,000 tokens. In that case, just use to 50,000 tokens. In that case, just use a workflow to solve the most common a workflow to solve the most common a workflow to solve the most common scenarios and you're able to capture the scenarios and you're able to capture the scenarios and you're able to capture the majority of the values from there. On majority of the values from there. On majority of the values from there. On the other hand, though, if you look at the other hand, though, if you look at the other hand, though, if you look at this question and your first thought is, this question and your first thought is, this question and your first thought is, I don't care how many tokens I spend. I I don't care how many tokens I spend. I I don't care how many tokens I spend. I just want to get the task done. Please just want to get the task done. Please just want to get the task done. Please see me after the talk. Our go to market see me after the talk. Our go to market see me after the talk. Our go to market team would love to speak with you. team would love to speak with you. team would love to speak with you. From there, we want to derisk the From there, we want to derisk the From there, we want to derisk the critical capabilities. This is to make critical capabilities. This is to make critical capabilities. This is to make sure that there aren't any significant sure that there aren't any significant sure that there aren't any significant bottlenecks in the agent's trajectory. bottlenecks in the agent's trajectory. bottlenecks in the agent's trajectory. If you're doing a coding agent, you want If you're doing a coding agent, you want If you're doing a coding agent, you want to make sure it's able to write good to make sure it's able to write good to make sure it's able to write good code, it's able to debug, and it's able code, it's able to debug, and it's able code, it's able to debug, and it's able to recover from its to recover from its to recover from its errors. If you do have bottlenecks, errors. If you do have bottlenecks, errors. If you do have bottlenecks, that's probably not going to be fatal, that's probably not going to be fatal, that's probably not going to be fatal, but they will multiply your cost and but they will multiply your cost and but they will multiply your cost and latency. So, in that case, we normally latency. So, in that case, we normally latency. So, in that case, we normally just reduce the scope, simplify the just reduce the scope, simplify the just reduce the scope, simplify the task, and try again. Finally, the the the last important Finally, the the the last important Finally, the the the last important thing to consider is the cost of error thing to consider is the cost of error thing to consider is the cost of error and error discovery. If your errors are and error discovery. If your errors are and error discovery. If your errors are going to be high stake and very hard to going to be high stake and very hard to going to be high stake and very hard to discover, it's going to be very discover, it's going to be very discover, it's going to be very difficult for you to trust the agent to difficult for you to trust the agent to difficult for you to trust the agent to take actions on your behalf and to have take actions on your behalf and to have take actions on your behalf and to have more autonomy. You can always mitigate more autonomy. You can always mitigate more autonomy. You can always mitigate this by limiting the scope, right? You this by limiting the scope, right? You this by limiting the scope, right? You can have read only access. You can have can have read only access. You can have can have read only access. You can have more human in the loop, but this will more human in the loop, but this will more human in the loop, but this will also limit how well you're able to scale also limit how well you're able to scale also limit how well you're able to scale your agent in your use case. your agent in your use case. your agent in your use case. Let's see this checklist in in action. Let's see this checklist in in action. Let's see this checklist in in action. Why is coding a great agent use case? Why is coding a great agent use case? Why is coding a great agent use case? First, to go from design doc to a PR is First, to go from design doc to a PR is First, to go from design doc to a PR is obviously a very ambiguous and very obviously a very ambiguous and very obviously a very ambiguous and very complex task. And second, um we're a lot complex task. And second, um we're a lot complex task. And second, um we're a lot of us are developers here, so we know of us are developers here, so we know of us are developers here, so we know that good code has a lot of value. And that good code has a lot of value. And that good code has a lot of value. And third, many of us already use cloud for third, many of us already use cloud for third, many of us already use cloud for coding. So we know that it's great at coding. So we know that it's great at coding. So we know that it's great at many parts of the coding workflow. And many parts of the coding workflow. And many parts of the coding workflow. And last, coding has this really nice last, coding has this really nice last, coding has this really nice property where the output is easily property where the output is easily property where the output is easily verifiable through unit test and CI. And verifiable through unit test and CI. And verifiable through unit test and CI. And that's probably why we're seeing so many that's probably why we're seeing so many that's probably why we're seeing so many creative and successful coding agents. creative and successful coding agents. creative and successful coding agents. Right now, once you find a good use case for now, once you find a good use case for now, once you find a good use case for agents, this is the second core idea, agents, this is the second core idea, agents, this is the second core idea, which is to keep it as simple as which is to keep it as simple as which is to keep it as simple as possible. Let me show you what I possible. Let me show you what I possible. Let me show you what I mean. This is what agents look like to mean. This is what agents look like to mean. This is what agents look like to us. They're models using tools in a us. They're models using tools in a us. They're models using tools in a loop. And in this frame, three loop. And in this frame, three loop. And in this frame, three components define what an agent really components define what an agent really components define what an agent really looks like. First is the environment. looks like. First is the environment. looks like. First is the environment. This is a system that the agent is This is a system that the agent is This is a system that the agent is operating operating operating in. Then we have a set of tools which in. Then we have a set of tools which in. Then we have a set of tools which offer an interface for the agent to take offer an interface for the agent to take offer an interface for the agent to take action and get action and get action and get feedback. Then we have the system prompt feedback. Then we have the system prompt feedback. Then we have the system prompt which defines the goals, the constraints which defines the goals, the constraints which defines the goals, the constraints and the ideal behavior for the agent to and the ideal behavior for the agent to and the ideal behavior for the agent to actually work in this environment. actually work in this environment. actually work in this environment. Then the model gets called in a loop and Then the model gets called in a loop and Then the model gets called in a loop and that's that's that's agents. We have learned the hard way to agents. We have learned the hard way to agents. We have learned the hard way to keep this simple because any complexity keep this simple because any complexity keep this simple because any complexity up front is really going to kill up front is really going to kill up front is really going to kill iteration speed. Iterating on just these iteration speed. Iterating on just these iteration speed. Iterating on just these three basic components is going to give three basic components is going to give three basic components is going to give you by far the highest ROI and you by far the highest ROI and you by far the highest ROI and optimizations can come later. Here are examples of three agent later. Here are examples of three agent later. Here are examples of three agent use cases that we have built for use cases that we have built for use cases that we have built for ourselves or or our customers just to ourselves or or our customers just to ourselves or or our customers just to make it more concrete. They're going to make it more concrete. They're going to make it more concrete. They're going to look very different on the product look very different on the product look very different on the product surface. They're going to look very surface. They're going to look very surface. They're going to look very different in their scope. They're going different in their scope. They're going different in their scope. They're going to look different in the capability, but to look different in the capability, but to look different in the capability, but they share almost exactly the same they share almost exactly the same they share almost exactly the same backbone. They they actually share backbone. They they actually share backbone. They they actually share almost the exact same almost the exact same almost the exact same code. The environment largely depends on code. The environment largely depends on code. The environment largely depends on your use case. So really the only two your use case. So really the only two your use case. So really the only two design decisions is what are the set of design decisions is what are the set of design decisions is what are the set of tools you want to offer to the agent and tools you want to offer to the agent and tools you want to offer to the agent and what is the prompt that you want to what is the prompt that you want to what is the prompt that you want to instruct your agent to follow. instruct your agent to follow. instruct your agent to follow. Um, on this note, if you want to learn Um, on this note, if you want to learn Um, on this note, if you want to learn more about tools, my friend Mahes is more about tools, my friend Mahes is more about tools, my friend Mahes is going to be giving a workshop on model going to be giving a workshop on model going to be giving a workshop on model context protocol MCP tomorrow morning. context protocol MCP tomorrow morning. context protocol MCP tomorrow morning. Um, I've seen that workshop. It's going Um, I've seen that workshop. It's going Um, I've seen that workshop. It's going to be really fun. So, I highly encourage to be really fun. So, I highly encourage to be really fun. So, I highly encourage you guys to to check that out. Um, but you guys to to check that out. Um, but you guys to to check that out. Um, but back to our talk. Once you have figured back to our talk. Once you have figured back to our talk. Once you have figured out these three basic components, you out these three basic components, you out these three basic components, you have a lot of optimizations to do from have a lot of optimizations to do from have a lot of optimizations to do from there. Uh, for coding and computer use, there. Uh, for coding and computer use, there. Uh, for coding and computer use, uh, you might want to, uh, catch the uh, you might want to, uh, catch the uh, you might want to, uh, catch the trajectory to reduce cost. For search trajectory to reduce cost. For search trajectory to reduce cost. For search where you have a lot of tool calls, you where you have a lot of tool calls, you where you have a lot of tool calls, you can parallelize a lot of those to reduce can parallelize a lot of those to reduce can parallelize a lot of those to reduce latency. And for almost all of these, we latency. And for almost all of these, we latency. And for almost all of these, we want to make sure to present the agents want to make sure to present the agents want to make sure to present the agents progress in such a way that gain user progress in such a way that gain user progress in such a way that gain user trust. But that's it. Keep it as simple trust. But that's it. Keep it as simple trust. But that's it. Keep it as simple as possible as you're iterating. Build as possible as you're iterating. Build as possible as you're iterating. Build these three components first and then these three components first and then these three components first and then optimize once you have the behaviors down. All right, this is the last idea. down. All right, this is the last idea. down. All right, this is the last idea. Um, is to think like your agents. I've Um, is to think like your agents. I've Um, is to think like your agents. I've seen a lot of builders and myself seen a lot of builders and myself seen a lot of builders and myself included who develop agents from our own included who develop agents from our own included who develop agents from our own perspectives and get confused when perspectives and get confused when perspectives and get confused when agents make a mistake. It seems agents make a mistake. It seems agents make a mistake. It seems counterintuitive to us. And that's why counterintuitive to us. And that's why counterintuitive to us. And that's why we always recommend to put yourself in we always recommend to put yourself in we always recommend to put yourself in the agents context the agents context the agents context window. Agents can exhibit some really window. Agents can exhibit some really window. Agents can exhibit some really sophisticated behavior. It could look sophisticated behavior. It could look sophisticated behavior. It could look incredibly complex, but at each step, incredibly complex, but at each step, incredibly complex, but at each step, what the model is doing is still just what the model is doing is still just what the model is doing is still just running inference on a very limited set running inference on a very limited set running inference on a very limited set of contexts. of contexts. of contexts. Everything that the model knows about Everything that the model knows about Everything that the model knows about the current state of the world is going the current state of the world is going the current state of the world is going to be explained in that 10 to 20k to be explained in that 10 to 20k to be explained in that 10 to 20k tokens. And it's really helpful to limit tokens. And it's really helpful to limit tokens. And it's really helpful to limit ourselves in that context and see if ourselves in that context and see if ourselves in that context and see if it's actually sufficient and coherent. it's actually sufficient and coherent. it's actually sufficient and coherent. This will give you a much better This will give you a much better This will give you a much better understanding of how agents see the understanding of how agents see the understanding of how agents see the world and then kind of bridge the gap world and then kind of bridge the gap world and then kind of bridge the gap between our understanding and theirs. Let's imagine for a second that theirs. Let's imagine for a second that theirs. Let's imagine for a second that we're computer use agents now and then we're computer use agents now and then we're computer use agents now and then see what that feels like. All we're see what that feels like. All we're see what that feels like. All we're going to get is a static screenshot and going to get is a static screenshot and going to get is a static screenshot and a very poorly written description. This a very poorly written description. This a very poorly written description. This is by yours truly. Let's read through is by yours truly. Let's read through is by yours truly. Let's read through it. You know, you're a computer use it. You know, you're a computer use it. You know, you're a computer use agent. You have a set of tools and you agent. You have a set of tools and you agent. You have a set of tools and you have a task. Terrible. Uh we can think have a task. Terrible. Uh we can think have a task. Terrible. Uh we can think and talk and reason all we want, but the and talk and reason all we want, but the and talk and reason all we want, but the only thing that's going to take effect only thing that's going to take effect only thing that's going to take effect in the environment are our in the environment are our in the environment are our tools. So, we attempt a click without tools. So, we attempt a click without tools. So, we attempt a click without really seeing what's happening. And really seeing what's happening. And really seeing what's happening. And while the inference is happening, while while the inference is happening, while while the inference is happening, while the two execution is happening, this is the two execution is happening, this is the two execution is happening, this is basically equivalent to us closing our basically equivalent to us closing our basically equivalent to us closing our eyes for three to five seconds and using eyes for three to five seconds and using eyes for three to five seconds and using the computer in the dark. Then you open the computer in the dark. Then you open the computer in the dark. Then you open up your eyes and you see another up your eyes and you see another up your eyes and you see another screenshot. Whatever you did could have screenshot. Whatever you did could have screenshot. Whatever you did could have worked or you could have shut down the worked or you could have shut down the worked or you could have shut down the computer. You just don't know. This is a computer. You just don't know. This is a computer. You just don't know. This is a huge lethal phase and the cycle kind of huge lethal phase and the cycle kind of huge lethal phase and the cycle kind of starts again. I highly recommend just starts again. I highly recommend just starts again. I highly recommend just trying doing a full task from the trying doing a full task from the trying doing a full task from the agent's perspective like this. I promise agent's perspective like this. I promise agent's perspective like this. I promise you it's a fascinating and only mildly you it's a fascinating and only mildly you it's a fascinating and only mildly uncomfortable experience. However, once you go through experience. However, once you go through experience. However, once you go through that mildly uncomfortable experience, uh that mildly uncomfortable experience, uh that mildly uncomfortable experience, uh I think it becomes very clear what the I think it becomes very clear what the I think it becomes very clear what the agents would have actually needed. It's agents would have actually needed. It's agents would have actually needed. It's clearly very crucial to know uh what the clearly very crucial to know uh what the clearly very crucial to know uh what the screen resolution is so I know how to screen resolution is so I know how to screen resolution is so I know how to click. Um it's also good to have click. Um it's also good to have click. Um it's also good to have recommended actions and limitations just recommended actions and limitations just recommended actions and limitations just so that you know uh we can uh put some so that you know uh we can uh put some so that you know uh we can uh put some guardrails around uh what we should be guardrails around uh what we should be guardrails around uh what we should be exploring and we can avoid unnecessary exploring and we can avoid unnecessary exploring and we can avoid unnecessary exploration. These are just some exploration. These are just some exploration. These are just some examples and you know do this exercise examples and you know do this exercise examples and you know do this exercise for your own own agent use case and for your own own agent use case and for your own own agent use case and figure out what kind of context do you figure out what kind of context do you figure out what kind of context do you actually want to provide for the actually want to provide for the actually want to provide for the agent. Fortunately though um we are agent. Fortunately though um we are agent. Fortunately though um we are building systems that speak our building systems that speak our building systems that speak our language. So we could just ask cloud to language. So we could just ask cloud to language. So we could just ask cloud to understand cloud. You can throw in your understand cloud. You can throw in your understand cloud. You can throw in your your system prompt and ask well is any your system prompt and ask well is any your system prompt and ask well is any of this instruction ambiguous? Does it of this instruction ambiguous? Does it of this instruction ambiguous? Does it make sense to you? Are you able to make sense to you? Are you able to make sense to you? Are you able to follow this? You can throw in a two follow this? You can throw in a two follow this? You can throw in a two description and see whether the agent description and see whether the agent description and see whether the agent knows how to use the tool. You can see knows how to use the tool. You can see knows how to use the tool. You can see if it wants more parameter, fewer if it wants more parameter, fewer if it wants more parameter, fewer parameter. And one thing that we do parameter. And one thing that we do parameter. And one thing that we do quite frequently is we throw the entire quite frequently is we throw the entire quite frequently is we throw the entire agent's trajectory into cloud and just agent's trajectory into cloud and just agent's trajectory into cloud and just ask it, hey, why do you think we made ask it, hey, why do you think we made ask it, hey, why do you think we made this decision right here? And is there this decision right here? And is there this decision right here? And is there anything that we can do to help you make anything that we can do to help you make anything that we can do to help you make better decisions? better decisions? better decisions? This shouldn't replace your own This shouldn't replace your own This shouldn't replace your own understanding of the context, but you'll understanding of the context, but you'll understanding of the context, but you'll help you gain a much closer perspective help you gain a much closer perspective help you gain a much closer perspective on how the agent is seeing the world. So on how the agent is seeing the world. So on how the agent is seeing the world. So once again, think like your agent as once again, think like your agent as once again, think like your agent as you're iterating. All right. Uh I've I've spent iterating. All right. Uh I've I've spent iterating. All right. Uh I've I've spent most of the talk about very practical most of the talk about very practical most of the talk about very practical stuff. Uh I'm going to indulge myself stuff. Uh I'm going to indulge myself stuff. Uh I'm going to indulge myself and spend one slide on personal musings. and spend one slide on personal musings. and spend one slide on personal musings. This is going to be my view on how this This is going to be my view on how this This is going to be my view on how this might evolve and some open questions I might evolve and some open questions I might evolve and some open questions I think we need to answer together as AI think we need to answer together as AI think we need to answer together as AI engineers. engineers. engineers. These are the top three things that are These are the top three things that are These are the top three things that are always on my mind. First, I think we always on my mind. First, I think we always on my mind. First, I think we need to make agents a lot more budget need to make agents a lot more budget need to make agents a lot more budget aare. Unlike workflows, we don't really aare. Unlike workflows, we don't really aare. Unlike workflows, we don't really have a great sense of control for the have a great sense of control for the have a great sense of control for the cost and latency for agents. I think cost and latency for agents. I think cost and latency for agents. I think figuring this out will enable a lot more figuring this out will enable a lot more figuring this out will enable a lot more use cases as it gives us the necessary use cases as it gives us the necessary use cases as it gives us the necessary control to deploy them in production. control to deploy them in production. control to deploy them in production. The open question is just what's the The open question is just what's the The open question is just what's the best way to define and enforce budgets best way to define and enforce budgets best way to define and enforce budgets in terms of time, in terms of money, in in terms of time, in terms of money, in in terms of time, in terms of money, in terms of tokens, the things that we care terms of tokens, the things that we care terms of tokens, the things that we care about. about. about. Next up is this concept of self-evolving Next up is this concept of self-evolving Next up is this concept of self-evolving tools. I've I've already hinted at this tools. I've I've already hinted at this tools. I've I've already hinted at this two slides ago, but uh we are already two slides ago, but uh we are already two slides ago, but uh we are already using models to help iterate on the two using models to help iterate on the two using models to help iterate on the two description, but this should generalize description, but this should generalize description, but this should generalize pretty well into a meta tool where pretty well into a meta tool where pretty well into a meta tool where agents can design and improve their own agents can design and improve their own agents can design and improve their own tool tool tool ergonomics. This will make agents a lot ergonomics. This will make agents a lot ergonomics. This will make agents a lot more general purpose as they can adopt more general purpose as they can adopt more general purpose as they can adopt the tools that they need for each use the tools that they need for each use the tools that they need for each use case. Finally, um I don't even think case. Finally, um I don't even think case. Finally, um I don't even think this is a hot take anymore. I have a this is a hot take anymore. I have a this is a hot take anymore. I have a personal conviction that we will see a personal conviction that we will see a personal conviction that we will see a lot more multi- aent uh collaborations lot more multi- aent uh collaborations lot more multi- aent uh collaborations in production by the end of this year. in production by the end of this year. in production by the end of this year. They're well parallelized. They have They're well parallelized. They have They're well parallelized. They have very nice separation of concerns and very nice separation of concerns and very nice separation of concerns and having sub agent for example will really having sub agent for example will really having sub agent for example will really protect the main agents context protect the main agents context protect the main agents context window. Um but I think a big open window. Um but I think a big open window. Um but I think a big open question here is um how how do these question here is um how how do these question here is um how how do these agents actually communicate with each agents actually communicate with each agents actually communicate with each other? We're currently in this very other? We're currently in this very other? We're currently in this very rigid frame of having mostly synchronous rigid frame of having mostly synchronous rigid frame of having mostly synchronous user assistant terms and I think most of user assistant terms and I think most of user assistant terms and I think most of our systems are built around that. So our systems are built around that. So our systems are built around that. So how do we expand from there and build in how do we expand from there and build in how do we expand from there and build in asynchronous communication and and asynchronous communication and and asynchronous communication and and enable more roles that that afford enable more roles that that afford enable more roles that that afford agents to communicate with each other agents to communicate with each other agents to communicate with each other and recognize each other? I think that's and recognize each other? I think that's and recognize each other? I think that's going to be a big open question as we going to be a big open question as we going to be a big open question as we explore this more multi- aent explore this more multi- aent explore this more multi- aent future. These are the areas that take up future. These are the areas that take up future. These are the areas that take up a lot of my mind space. If you're also a lot of my mind space. If you're also a lot of my mind space. If you're also thinking about this uh please shoot me a thinking about this uh please shoot me a thinking about this uh please shoot me a text. I would love to text. I would love to text. I would love to chat. Okay, let's uh bring it all chat. Okay, let's uh bring it all chat. Okay, let's uh bring it all together. If you forget everything I together. If you forget everything I together. If you forget everything I said today, these are the three said today, these are the three said today, these are the three takeaways. First, don't build agents for takeaways. First, don't build agents for takeaways. First, don't build agents for everything. If you do find a good use everything. If you do find a good use everything. If you do find a good use case and want to build an agent, keep it case and want to build an agent, keep it case and want to build an agent, keep it as simple for as long as possible. And as simple for as long as possible. And as simple for as long as possible. And finally, as you iterate, try to think finally, as you iterate, try to think finally, as you iterate, try to think like your agent, gain their perspective, like your agent, gain their perspective, like your agent, gain their perspective, and help them do their job. I would love to keep in touch with I would love to keep in touch with I would love to keep in touch with everyone of you. If you want to chat everyone of you. If you want to chat everyone of you. If you want to chat about agents, especially those open about agents, especially those open about agents, especially those open questions that I talked about, uh you'll questions that I talked about, uh you'll questions that I talked about, uh you'll be incredibly lovely. You can just, you be incredibly lovely. You can just, you be incredibly lovely. You can just, you know, uh jam on some of these ideas. Uh know, uh jam on some of these ideas. Uh know, uh jam on some of these ideas. Uh these are my socials if you want to get these are my socials if you want to get these are my socials if you want to get connected. And I'm going to end the connected. And I'm going to end the connected. And I'm going to end the presentation on a personal anecdote. So presentation on a personal anecdote. So presentation on a personal anecdote. So back in 2023, I was building AI product back in 2023, I was building AI product back in 2023, I was building AI product at Meta and we had this funny thing at Meta and we had this funny thing at Meta and we had this funny thing where we could change our job where we could change our job where we could change our job description to anything we want. Um, description to anything we want. Um, description to anything we want. Um, after reading that blog post from Swix, after reading that blog post from Swix, after reading that blog post from Swix, I decided I was going to be the first AI I decided I was going to be the first AI I decided I was going to be the first AI engineer. Uh, I I really love the focus engineer. Uh, I I really love the focus engineer. Uh, I I really love the focus on practicality and just making AI on practicality and just making AI on practicality and just making AI actually useful to the world. And I actually useful to the world. And I actually useful to the world. And I think that aspiration brought me here think that aspiration brought me here think that aspiration brought me here today. So, I hope you enjoy the rest of today. So, I hope you enjoy the rest of today. So, I hope you enjoy the rest of the AI engineer summit. And in the the AI engineer summit. And in the the AI engineer summit. And in the meantime, let's keep building. Thank meantime, let's keep building. Thank meantime, let's keep building. Thank you. [Music]
