Looks like these AI browser agents keep Looks like these AI browser agents keep Looks like these AI browser agents keep popping up left and right. We first saw popping up left and right. We first saw popping up left and right. We first saw computer use from Anthropic, which can computer use from Anthropic, which can computer use from Anthropic, which can enable AI agents to take control of your enable AI agents to take control of your enable AI agents to take control of your computer and can almost automate computer and can almost automate computer and can almost automate anything on it. We had then taken a look anything on it. We had then taken a look anything on it. We had then taken a look at Runner Edge, which is another version at Runner Edge, which is another version at Runner Edge, which is another version of computer use, as it is something that of computer use, as it is something that of computer use, as it is something that also recorded a higher benchmark score also recorded a higher benchmark score also recorded a higher benchmark score while being faster. But today, I found while being faster. But today, I found while being faster. But today, I found something that is open-source and even something that is open-source and even something that is open-source and even better than both of those two agents better than both of those two agents better than both of those two agents that I've mentioned. It's called Browser that I've mentioned. It's called Browser that I've mentioned. It's called Browser Use, which is an AI-powered browser Use, which is an AI-powered browser Use, which is an AI-powered browser automation framework that is probably automation framework that is probably automation framework that is probably the easiest way for you to easily the easiest way for you to easily the easiest way for you to easily connect your AI agents with the browser. connect your AI agents with the browser. connect your AI agents with the browser. It makes websites accessible for AI It makes websites accessible for AI It makes websites accessible for AI agents by providing a powerful yet agents by providing a powerful yet agents by providing a powerful yet simple interface for browser automation. simple interface for browser automation. simple interface for browser automation. Browser Use is essentially a new tool Browser Use is essentially a new tool Browser Use is essentially a new tool for you to connect AI agents to your for you to connect AI agents to your for you to connect AI agents to your browser. With automated browsing browser. With automated browsing browser. With automated browsing features, you have scraping, interacting features, you have scraping, interacting features, you have scraping, interacting with edges using large language models, with edges using large language models, with edges using large language models, and so much more. Just take a look at and so much more. Just take a look at and so much more. Just take a look at this demo video where Browser Use is this demo video where Browser Use is this demo video where Browser Use is automating job applications. And in this automating job applications. And in this automating job applications. And in this demo, you can see that the AI agent can demo, you can see that the AI agent can demo, you can see that the AI agent can read the CV, it can extract the relevant read the CV, it can extract the relevant read the CV, it can extract the relevant keywords like Python as well as keywords like Python as well as keywords like Python as well as TensorFlow, and use them both to search TensorFlow, and use them both to search TensorFlow, and use them both to search for machine learning jobs online. In for machine learning jobs online. In for machine learning jobs online. In this case, it's also capable of scraping this case, it's also capable of scraping this case, it's also capable of scraping job postings from sites like LinkedIn or job postings from sites like LinkedIn or job postings from sites like LinkedIn or even Indeed. And you can basically have even Indeed. And you can basically have even Indeed. And you can basically have it save the results in a structured it save the results in a structured it save the results in a structured file, and then have it open the file, and then have it open the file, and then have it open the application pages in a new browser tab. application pages in a new browser tab. application pages in a new browser tab. And in this case, you can even auto-fill And in this case, you can even auto-fill And in this case, you can even auto-fill details for you. Now, here is another details for you. Now, here is another details for you. Now, here is another demo video where someone is finding demo video where someone is finding demo video where someone is finding flights on Kayak Agent with Browser Use. flights on Kayak Agent with Browser Use. flights on Kayak Agent with Browser Use. In this case, you can see that it's able In this case, you can see that it's able In this case, you can see that it's able to input the departure and the to input the departure and the to input the departure and the destination from Zurich to Beijing with destination from Zurich to Beijing with destination from Zurich to Beijing with this this this designated date. And it's going going designated date. And it's going going designated date. And it's going going able to then scrape through flight able to then scrape through flight able to then scrape through flight options, including prices, schedules. options, including prices, schedules. options, including prices, schedules. It's going to then save the data for It's going to then save the data for It's going to then save the data for review or find me which you can see on review or find me which you can see on review or find me which you can see on the right-hand side. the right-hand side. the right-hand side. Now, this is possibly one of the best Now, this is possibly one of the best Now, this is possibly one of the best functionalities of browser use with this functionalities of browser use with this functionalities of browser use with this demo of finding a model with a demo of finding a model with a demo of finding a model with a particular license. Now, I want you to particular license. Now, I want you to particular license. Now, I want you to take a look at this video which will take a look at this video which will take a look at this video which will showcase this further in detail. showcase this further in detail. showcase this further in detail. Let's try this next example. Let us go Let's try this next example. Let us go Let's try this next example. Let us go to Hugging Face and find the five most to Hugging Face and find the five most to Hugging Face and find the five most liked models with a specific license. liked models with a specific license. liked models with a specific license. So, you can see it starts with the So, you can see it starts with the So, you can see it starts with the Google search. Cookies pop up. So, Google search. Cookies pop up. So, Google search. Cookies pop up. So, dynamic content then I can just accept dynamic content then I can just accept dynamic content then I can just accept them. them. them. Now, we can see at each step what the Now, we can see at each step what the Now, we can see at each step what the model kind of thinks. model kind of thinks. model kind of thinks. You see here, okay, it sets its next You see here, okay, it sets its next You see here, okay, it sets its next goal going to Hugging Face. goal going to Hugging Face. goal going to Hugging Face. See it already got the sorting correct. See it already got the sorting correct. See it already got the sorting correct. Now, it clicked on the right filter. Now, it clicked on the right filter. Now, it clicked on the right filter. Got the models. And now you see it Got the models. And now you see it Got the models. And now you see it called this custom function save models. called this custom function save models. called this custom function save models. And this function is basically it's just And this function is basically it's just And this function is basically it's just a custom function which we defined here. a custom function which we defined here. a custom function which we defined here. Which Which Which expects a by the big model expects a by the big model expects a by the big model with stuff like title, URL, likes. We with stuff like title, URL, likes. We with stuff like title, URL, likes. We could simply extend that here with could simply extend that here with could simply extend that here with something else if you want to save more. something else if you want to save more. something else if you want to save more. And the And the And the agent is now simply capable of of agent is now simply capable of of agent is now simply capable of of calling this this function with the calling this this function with the calling this this function with the specific arguments. Now, that was truly specific arguments. Now, that was truly specific arguments. Now, that was truly just amazing. This is the capability of just amazing. This is the capability of just amazing. This is the capability of browser use. And from all those demo browser use. And from all those demo browser use. And from all those demo videos, you are able to see how fast videos, you are able to see how fast videos, you are able to see how fast this AI agent is in terms of web-based this AI agent is in terms of web-based this AI agent is in terms of web-based tasks. Now, if you take a look at this tasks. Now, if you take a look at this tasks. Now, if you take a look at this web agency accuracy benchmark test, you web agency accuracy benchmark test, you web agency accuracy benchmark test, you can see that the browser use is greatly can see that the browser use is greatly can see that the browser use is greatly outperforming Web Voyager, you have outperforming Web Voyager, you have outperforming Web Voyager, you have computer use, Agent E, as well as Runner computer use, Agent E, as well as Runner computer use, Agent E, as well as Runner H. Now, this is just insane cuz it's H. Now, this is just insane cuz it's H. Now, this is just insane cuz it's recording an 89 percentage in terms of recording an 89 percentage in terms of recording an 89 percentage in terms of web agent accuracy, which is just near web agent accuracy, which is just near web agent accuracy, which is just near perfect. And this is the capability that perfect. And this is the capability that perfect. And this is the capability that you get with browser use, which is an you get with browser use, which is an you get with browser use, which is an open-source tool that you can easily open-source tool that you can easily open-source tool that you can easily install, and it's something I'm going to install, and it's something I'm going to install, and it's something I'm going to be showcasing as we go further into the be showcasing as we go further into the be showcasing as we go further into the video. You have various features, like I video. You have various features, like I video. You have various features, like I mentioned at the start. You have vision mentioned at the start. You have vision mentioned at the start. You have vision plus HTML extraction, you have multi-tab plus HTML extraction, you have multi-tab plus HTML extraction, you have multi-tab management, element tracking, any large management, element tracking, any large management, element tracking, any large language model support, and so much language model support, and so much language model support, and so much more. Now, if you're looking to install more. Now, if you're looking to install more. Now, if you're looking to install this and get started with browser use, this and get started with browser use, this and get started with browser use, there's a couple of prerequisites that there's a couple of prerequisites that there's a couple of prerequisites that we'll need fulfilled beforehand. What we'll need fulfilled beforehand. What we'll need fulfilled beforehand. What you'll need to do is you'll need to you'll need to do is you'll need to you'll need to do is you'll need to install UV to have virtual environment install UV to have virtual environment install UV to have virtual environment for browser use. You need to also make for browser use. You need to also make for browser use. You need to also make sure that you have Python 3.11 or above sure that you have Python 3.11 or above sure that you have Python 3.11 or above installed, as well as Playwright. Now, installed, as well as Playwright. Now, installed, as well as Playwright. Now, once you have these three fulfilled, we once you have these three fulfilled, we once you have these three fulfilled, we can then proceed forward with the can then proceed forward with the can then proceed forward with the installation of browser use. So, let's installation of browser use. So, let's installation of browser use. So, let's get started. I'll leave all the links in get started. I'll leave all the links in get started. I'll leave all the links in the description below, so that you can the description below, so that you can the description below, so that you can easily get started. But, head over to easily get started. But, head over to easily get started. But, head over to the docs link, and once you are here, go the docs link, and once you are here, go the docs link, and once you are here, go ahead and open up your command prompt. ahead and open up your command prompt. ahead and open up your command prompt. What you want to do first is copy this What you want to do first is copy this What you want to do first is copy this first code to set up your virtual first code to set up your virtual first code to set up your virtual environment, and you can go ahead and environment, and you can go ahead and environment, and you can go ahead and paste this in. To activate it, go ahead paste this in. To activate it, go ahead paste this in. To activate it, go ahead and paste in the next script, which is and paste in the next script, which is and paste in the next script, which is over here. You can then paste this in, over here. You can then paste this in, over here. You can then paste this in, click enter. This will activate the click enter. This will activate the click enter. This will activate the virtual environment. You can then virtual environment. You can then virtual environment. You can then install the dependencies within that install the dependencies within that install the dependencies within that environment. So, go ahead and paste in environment. So, go ahead and paste in environment. So, go ahead and paste in the pip install browser use command, and the pip install browser use command, and the pip install browser use command, and this will start installing browser use this will start installing browser use this will start installing browser use within that virtual environment. Once within that virtual environment. Once within that virtual environment. Once this is complete, you can then install this is complete, you can then install this is complete, you can then install Playwright, and then you can go ahead Playwright, and then you can go ahead Playwright, and then you can go ahead and create your AI agent, which is super and create your AI agent, which is super and create your AI agent, which is super simple to do so. So, now I am going to simple to do so. So, now I am going to simple to do so. So, now I am going to install Playwright. Once that is done, install Playwright. Once that is done, install Playwright. Once that is done, we can then go ahead and start off by we can then go ahead and start off by we can then go ahead and start off by creating our agents. Now, rather than creating our agents. Now, rather than creating our agents. Now, rather than creating your own AI agent, there's creating your own AI agent, there's creating your own AI agent, there's actually a couple of examples that you actually a couple of examples that you actually a couple of examples that you can already use from their template can already use from their template can already use from their template list. These are various templates, from list. These are various templates, from list. These are various templates, from uploading files to Amazon search, as uploading files to Amazon search, as uploading files to Amazon search, as well as various other things. So, if well as various other things. So, if well as various other things. So, if you're interested, clone this repository you're interested, clone this repository you're interested, clone this repository and then you can head over to the and then you can head over to the and then you can head over to the example list and you can take a look at example list and you can take a look at example list and you can take a look at most of these examples and you can most of these examples and you can most of these examples and you can easily get started with it right away. easily get started with it right away. easily get started with it right away. So, if you are interested in installing So, if you are interested in installing So, if you are interested in installing all of these templates, go ahead and all of these templates, go ahead and all of these templates, go ahead and install it by cloning this repository install it by cloning this repository install it by cloning this repository with the git clone command and then with the git clone command and then with the git clone command and then pasting in the link. To get the link, go pasting in the link. To get the link, go pasting in the link. To get the link, go over to this repo, go over to this green over to this repo, go over to this green over to this repo, go over to this green button, copy the link to clipboard. And button, copy the link to clipboard. And button, copy the link to clipboard. And then, once you have installed it, you then, once you have installed it, you then, once you have installed it, you can then go over to the example list and can then go over to the example list and can then go over to the example list and you can start interacting with it. Now, you can start interacting with it. Now, you can start interacting with it. Now, you can also just simply open up the you can also just simply open up the you can also just simply open up the browser use repository, go over to the browser use repository, go over to the browser use repository, go over to the .env.example .env.example .env.example file, go ahead and rename this, take out file, go ahead and rename this, take out file, go ahead and rename this, take out the .example and then paste in your API the .example and then paste in your API the .example and then paste in your API key for your provider. So, in this case, key for your provider. So, in this case, key for your provider. So, in this case, you can select between these two you can select between these two you can select between these two different providers, then click save, different providers, then click save, different providers, then click save, and then you can use any of the and then you can use any of the and then you can use any of the templates that we had showcased. So, I'm templates that we had showcased. So, I'm templates that we had showcased. So, I'm testing this out. I have now set my API testing this out. I have now set my API testing this out. I have now set my API keys and now I can access the browser keys and now I can access the browser keys and now I can access the browser use agent. In this case, it looks like use agent. In this case, it looks like use agent. In this case, it looks like it searched up uh Elon Musk and it's a it searched up uh Elon Musk and it's a it searched up uh Elon Musk and it's a multi uh tab handling task. So, in this multi uh tab handling task. So, in this multi uh tab handling task. So, in this case, it says, "Open three tabs with case, it says, "Open three tabs with case, it says, "Open three tabs with Elon Musk, Trump, and Steve Jobs and Elon Musk, Trump, and Steve Jobs and Elon Musk, Trump, and Steve Jobs and then go back to the first and stop." So, then go back to the first and stop." So, then go back to the first and stop." So, now you can see that it is functioning. now you can see that it is functioning. now you can see that it is functioning. It opens up all three. It's going to It opens up all three. It's going to It opens up all three. It's going to then go back to Elon Musk, it seems, and then go back to Elon Musk, it seems, and then go back to Elon Musk, it seems, and that's how it was capable of executing that's how it was capable of executing that's how it was capable of executing this task. Now, this was something that this task. Now, this was something that this task. Now, this was something that you can easily get started with and you can easily get started with and you can easily get started with and automate anything quite quickly. Now, automate anything quite quickly. Now, automate anything quite quickly. Now, let's try something else. We're going to let's try something else. We're going to let's try something else. We're going to go ahead and have it execute this Amazon go ahead and have it execute this Amazon go ahead and have it execute this Amazon search uh Python example. We're going to search uh Python example. We're going to search uh Python example. We're going to go ahead and have it go to amazon.com, go ahead and have it go to amazon.com, go ahead and have it go to amazon.com, search for a laptop, sort for the best search for a laptop, sort for the best search for a laptop, sort for the best rating, and afterwards, it's going to rating, and afterwards, it's going to rating, and afterwards, it's going to give me a price of the first result. So, give me a price of the first result. So, give me a price of the first result. So, it's going over to Amazon and it's going it's going over to Amazon and it's going it's going over to Amazon and it's going to go ahead and execute this command for to go ahead and execute this command for to go ahead and execute this command for me. Now, the cool thing is, you can also Now, the cool thing is, you can also Now, the cool thing is, you can also have multiple agents perform your have multiple agents perform your have multiple agents perform your actions. In this case, you can see that actions. In this case, you can see that actions. In this case, you can see that open two tabs with Wikipedia, and it's open two tabs with Wikipedia, and it's open two tabs with Wikipedia, and it's going to also deploy another agent to going to also deploy another agent to going to also deploy another agent to analyze the two tabs were open. This is analyze the two tabs were open. This is analyze the two tabs were open. This is where you can give a lot of flexibility where you can give a lot of flexibility where you can give a lot of flexibility in terms of having agents do multiple in terms of having agents do multiple in terms of having agents do multiple tasks autonomously on your browser, tasks autonomously on your browser, tasks autonomously on your browser, which is just insane. which is just insane. which is just insane. If you like this video and would love to If you like this video and would love to If you like this video and would love to support the channel, you can consider support the channel, you can consider support the channel, you can consider donating to my channel through the Super donating to my channel through the Super donating to my channel through the Super Thanks option below. Or you can consider Thanks option below. Or you can consider Thanks option below. Or you can consider joining our private Discord, where you joining our private Discord, where you joining our private Discord, where you can access multiple subscriptions to can access multiple subscriptions to can access multiple subscriptions to different AI tools for free on a monthly different AI tools for free on a monthly different AI tools for free on a monthly basis, plus daily AI news and exclusive basis, plus daily AI news and exclusive basis, plus daily AI news and exclusive content, plus a lot more. Now, those content, plus a lot more. Now, those content, plus a lot more. Now, those were just examples, but if you want to were just examples, but if you want to were just examples, but if you want to create your own agent, it's super create your own agent, it's super create your own agent, it's super simple. You just need to change your simple. You just need to change your simple. You just need to change your provider, whether that's with OpenAI or provider, whether that's with OpenAI or provider, whether that's with OpenAI or Anthropic, as well as your task. So, Anthropic, as well as your task. So, Anthropic, as well as your task. So, those two things are essential. Just those two things are essential. Just those two things are essential. Just need to simply replace the task over need to simply replace the task over need to simply replace the task over here. You can do something like here. You can do something like here. You can do something like searching flights or buying something searching flights or buying something searching flights or buying something online or web scraping. But, you also online or web scraping. But, you also online or web scraping. But, you also have the ability to use various other have the ability to use various other have the ability to use various other models as well. And that's the models as well. And that's the models as well. And that's the flexibility that you get with Browser flexibility that you get with Browser flexibility that you get with Browser Use. Now, this is something I definitely Use. Now, this is something I definitely Use. Now, this is something I definitely recommend that you try out, cuz you're recommend that you try out, cuz you're recommend that you try out, cuz you're going to be able to get a lot of going to be able to get a lot of going to be able to get a lot of flexibility in terms of automating flexibility in terms of automating flexibility in terms of automating anything on the web. And this is anything on the web. And this is anything on the web. And this is essentially the most fastest, as well as essentially the most fastest, as well as essentially the most fastest, as well as the most accurate AI agent that is fully the most accurate AI agent that is fully the most accurate AI agent that is fully open source for you to access right now. open source for you to access right now. open source for you to access right now. So, definitely recommend that you try So, definitely recommend that you try So, definitely recommend that you try this out. And that's basically it for this out. And that's basically it for this out. And that's basically it for today's video, guys. Hope you enjoyed today's video, guys. Hope you enjoyed today's video, guys. Hope you enjoyed it, and you got some sort of value out it, and you got some sort of value out it, and you got some sort of value out of it. I'll leave all the links that I of it. I'll leave all the links that I of it. I'll leave all the links that I use in today's video in the description use in today's video in the description use in today's video in the description below. Make sure you follow me on the below. Make sure you follow me on the below. Make sure you follow me on the Patreon so that you can stay up-to-date Patreon so that you can stay up-to-date Patreon so that you can stay up-to-date with whatever is happening in the world with whatever is happening in the world with whatever is happening in the world of AI. Follow me on Twitter so that you of AI. Follow me on Twitter so that you of AI. Follow me on Twitter so that you can stay up-to-date with the latest AI can stay up-to-date with the latest AI can stay up-to-date with the latest AI news. And lastly, make sure you guys news. And lastly, make sure you guys news. And lastly, make sure you guys subscribe, turn on notification bell, subscribe, turn on notification bell, subscribe, turn on notification bell, like this video, and please take a look like this video, and please take a look like this video, and please take a look at our previous videos cuz there is a at our previous videos cuz there is a at our previous videos cuz there is a lot of content that you'll definitely lot of content that you'll definitely lot of content that you'll definitely benefit from. But with that thought, benefit from. But with that thought, benefit from. But with that thought, guys, have an amazing day, spread guys, have an amazing day, spread guys, have an amazing day, spread positivity, and I'll see you guys fairly positivity, and I'll see you guys fairly positivity, and I'll see you guys fairly shortly. So, peace out, fellas.
