Hello and welcome back to 11 lab agents Hello and welcome back to 11 lab agents Hello and welcome back to 11 lab agents and in today's video, let's see how do and in today's video, let's see how do and in today's video, let's see how do we collect those information using voice we collect those information using voice we collect those information using voice agents and save it in Google Sheets. And agents and save it in Google Sheets. And agents and save it in Google Sheets. And also see how do we connect it to Google also see how do we connect it to Google also see how do we connect it to Google [music] Calendar such that events could [music] Calendar such that events could [music] Calendar such that events could be booked. So, let's get [music] be booked. So, let's get [music] be booked. So, let's get [music] started. So in the previous video, we started. So in the previous video, we started. So in the previous video, we created an agent to be saw how do we created an agent to be saw how do we created an agent to be saw how do we create the workflow. create the workflow. create the workflow. Now let's see how do we connect it so Now let's see how do we connect it so Now let's see how do we connect it so that the data gets collected in Google that the data gets collected in Google that the data gets collected in Google Sheets. All right. So, I have already Sheets. All right. So, I have already Sheets. All right. So, I have already gone ahead and created the Google gone ahead and created the Google gone ahead and created the Google Sheets. Sheets. Sheets. Okay, so this is the Google Sheets that Okay, so this is the Google Sheets that Okay, so this is the Google Sheets that we have which has name of the person we have which has name of the person we have which has name of the person celebrating the birthday, age of the celebrating the birthday, age of the celebrating the birthday, age of the birthday person, preferred date and birthday person, preferred date and birthday person, preferred date and time, estimated number of guests and so time, estimated number of guests and so time, estimated number of guests and so on so forth. Of course, I've done this on so forth. Of course, I've done this on so forth. Of course, I've done this only for only for only for the birthday events. You can create the birthday events. You can create the birthday events. You can create similar similar similar uh table for other events as well. uh table for other events as well. uh table for other events as well. Right? Now let's see how do we connect Right? Now let's see how do we connect Right? Now let's see how do we connect this. this. this. And for that, we'll have to go to tools. And for that, we'll have to go to tools. And for that, we'll have to go to tools. Okay, and then here we can create custom Okay, and then here we can create custom Okay, and then here we can create custom tools. Okay, what does custom tool tools. Okay, what does custom tool tools. Okay, what does custom tool means? means? means? So, basically we are connecting it to an So, basically we are connecting it to an So, basically we are connecting it to an Eden via webhook. And that webhook will Eden via webhook. And that webhook will Eden via webhook. And that webhook will then send the data to Google Sheets. then send the data to Google Sheets. then send the data to Google Sheets. Right? So, I'll click on add tool. Right? So, I'll click on add tool. Right? So, I'll click on add tool. And then we have this are the webhooks And then we have this are the webhooks And then we have this are the webhooks that we have already created while we that we have already created while we that we have already created while we were testing this. Okay, I'll quickly were testing this. Okay, I'll quickly were testing this. Okay, I'll quickly show you how do we do this [music] end show you how do we do this [music] end show you how do we do this [music] end to end. All right, so I'll click on add to end. All right, so I'll click on add to end. All right, so I'll click on add webhook tool. webhook tool. webhook tool. Okay, this is where we give the name, Okay, this is where we give the name, Okay, this is where we give the name, the description, the method, the URL and the description, the method, the URL and the description, the method, the URL and so on so forth. And for that, let me so on so forth. And for that, let me so on so forth. And for that, let me open an Eden real quick. Now, I've open an Eden real quick. Now, I've open an Eden real quick. Now, I've already created the webhook and I've already created the webhook and I've already created the webhook and I've already added that to Google Sheets. But already added that to Google Sheets. But already added that to Google Sheets. But I'll quickly show you how this can be I'll quickly show you how this can be I'll quickly show you how this can be done. Right? So, we'll click on this done. Right? So, we'll click on this done. Right? So, we'll click on this one. We'll search for webhook. one. We'll search for webhook. one. We'll search for webhook. Uh get the webhook. Okay, we have done Uh get the webhook. Okay, we have done Uh get the webhook. Okay, we have done the entire series on an Eden 75 days of the entire series on an Eden 75 days of the entire series on an Eden 75 days of an Eden series. So, if you have not an Eden series. So, if you have not an Eden series. So, if you have not watched that, just watch the webhook watched that, just watch the webhook watched that, just watch the webhook uh video. So, this is how we add the uh video. So, this is how we add the uh video. So, this is how we add the webhook and uh we have to make it as webhook and uh we have to make it as webhook and uh we have to make it as post and [music] because we will be post and [music] because we will be post and [music] because we will be making it live, okay, directly copy the making it live, okay, directly copy the making it live, okay, directly copy the production URL. production URL. production URL. And come back here and give this And come back here and give this And come back here and give this particular URL here. particular URL here. particular URL here. And change the method to post. Okay, we And change the method to post. Okay, we And change the method to post. Okay, we have response time out seconds and so on have response time out seconds and so on have response time out seconds and so on so forth. So, if that is uh webhook is so forth. So, if that is uh webhook is so forth. So, if that is uh webhook is not responding within uh 20 seconds, not responding within uh 20 seconds, not responding within uh 20 seconds, right? That is what uh we have set right right? That is what uh we have set right right? That is what uh we have set right now. Then it will just uh time out. now. Then it will just uh time out. now. Then it will just uh time out. Okay, so pre-tool search, uh speech, Okay, so pre-tool search, uh speech, Okay, so pre-tool search, uh speech, then execution mode, uh tool call sound, then execution mode, uh tool call sound, then execution mode, uh tool call sound, all of this will be left to default. all of this will be left to default. all of this will be left to default. Authentication will be none. Okay, and Authentication will be none. Okay, and Authentication will be none. Okay, and uh uh uh we'll have to create some body we'll have to create some body we'll have to create some body parameters here. Okay, that is what are parameters here. Okay, that is what are parameters here. Okay, that is what are the things that you're going to send to the things that you're going to send to the things that you're going to send to the webhook. So, in the last video, we the webhook. So, in the last video, we the webhook. So, in the last video, we created a new agent and we also saw how created a new agent and we also saw how created a new agent and we also saw how do we create the workflow where uh the do we create the workflow where uh the do we create the workflow where uh the call gets transferred between sub call gets transferred between sub call gets transferred between sub agents. Right? And agents. Right? And agents. Right? And uh we need to send this collected uh we need to send this collected uh we need to send this collected information to Google Sheets and also information to Google Sheets and also information to Google Sheets and also book appointment on Google Calendar. So, book appointment on Google Calendar. So, book appointment on Google Calendar. So, let's quickly check how does that work. let's quickly check how does that work. let's quickly check how does that work. [music] [music] [music] And for that, let's go to security. And for that, let's go to security. And for that, let's go to security. And if you scroll down a bit, And if you scroll down a bit, And if you scroll down a bit, we have something called post call we have something called post call we have something called post call webhook. webhook. webhook. Override the post call webhook for this Override the post call webhook for this Override the post call webhook for this agent. You can configure the default agent. You can configure the default agent. You can configure the default webhooks used by all agents in your webhooks used by all agents in your webhooks used by all agents in your workspace, friends. workspace, friends. workspace, friends. Right? Right? Right? &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; And you can see here we already have an &gt;&gt; And you can see here we already have an &gt;&gt; And you can see here we already have an Eden one which is connected to this Eden one which is connected to this Eden one which is connected to this particular uh agent. Let me go to to to particular uh agent. Let me go to to to particular uh agent. Let me go to to to to to to the agent that we created which to to to the agent that we created which to to to the agent that we created which is is is agents. agents. agents. This one. This one. This one. Right? And let's go to security. Here we Right? And let's go to security. Here we Right? And let's go to security. Here we should not have any post call webhook should not have any post call webhook should not have any post call webhook because we have not set anything. Right? because we have not set anything. Right? because we have not set anything. Right? And so, I can click on select webhook. And so, I can click on select webhook. And so, I can click on select webhook. Okay, and then I can select an Eden one Okay, and then I can select an Eden one Okay, and then I can select an Eden one or an Eden and which are the two or an Eden and which are the two or an Eden and which are the two webhooks that are already created. Or I webhooks that are already created. Or I webhooks that are already created. Or I can click on create webhook from here. can click on create webhook from here. can click on create webhook from here. Okay? And for this, we need to have a Okay? And for this, we need to have a Okay? And for this, we need to have a Google Sheets where all the data is Google Sheets where all the data is Google Sheets where all the data is going. I've already created one. Let me going. I've already created one. Let me going. I've already created one. Let me quickly show you that. quickly show you that. quickly show you that. So, this called inquiries and we are So, this called inquiries and we are So, this called inquiries and we are adding columns like name of the person adding columns like name of the person adding columns like name of the person celebrating the birthday, age of the celebrating the birthday, age of the celebrating the birthday, age of the birthday person, preferred date and birthday person, preferred date and birthday person, preferred date and time, estimated number of guests, city time, estimated number of guests, city time, estimated number of guests, city or venue preference, or venue preference, or venue preference, &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; uh venue location preference and then &gt;&gt; uh venue location preference and then &gt;&gt; uh venue location preference and then theme or style preference, budget range theme or style preference, budget range theme or style preference, budget range optional, indoor or outdoor preference optional, indoor or outdoor preference optional, indoor or outdoor preference and then contact email for follow-up, and then contact email for follow-up, and then contact email for follow-up, contact number. contact number. contact number. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Right? Uh of course, we have done this &gt;&gt; Right? Uh of course, we have done this &gt;&gt; Right? Uh of course, we have done this for birthday. Right? You can create uh for birthday. Right? You can create uh for birthday. Right? You can create uh two more sheets for different uh event two more sheets for different uh event two more sheets for different uh event [music] types like corporate and uh [music] types like corporate and uh [music] types like corporate and uh wedding. wedding. wedding. And uh it can be linked to different And uh it can be linked to different And uh it can be linked to different sheets based on which event we are sheets based on which event we are sheets based on which event we are talking about. So, now I'll click on talking about. So, now I'll click on talking about. So, now I'll click on create webhook. create webhook. create webhook. Okay, and then let's call this as Okay, and then let's call this as Okay, and then let's call this as birthday event. Okay, and here we have birthday event. Okay, and here we have birthday event. Okay, and here we have to give a valid callback URL. And for to give a valid callback URL. And for to give a valid callback URL. And for that, I'm going to an Eden. I've already that, I'm going to an Eden. I've already that, I'm going to an Eden. I've already created a new workflow and I'll click on created a new workflow and I'll click on created a new workflow and I'll click on plus and I'll search for webhook. plus and I'll search for webhook. plus and I'll search for webhook. All right, so I'll go to production URL All right, so I'll go to production URL All right, so I'll go to production URL directly. I'll change this to uh post. directly. I'll change this to uh post. directly. I'll change this to uh post. I'll copy this URL. I'll copy this URL. I'll copy this URL. Right? Come back and paste this URL Right? Come back and paste this URL Right? Come back and paste this URL here. here. here. Okay, you can see webhook auth method is Okay, you can see webhook auth method is Okay, you can see webhook auth method is HMAC and that's only option available. HMAC and that's only option available. HMAC and that's only option available. So, we'll leave it to that. I'll click So, we'll leave it to that. I'll click So, we'll leave it to that. I'll click on [music] create. So, you can see here on [music] create. So, you can see here on [music] create. So, you can see here this is a shared secret for the new this is a shared secret for the new this is a shared secret for the new webhook. Make sure to copy it before webhook. Make sure to copy it before webhook. Make sure to copy it before closing this dialogue as it won't be closing this dialogue as it won't be closing this dialogue as it won't be displayed again. So, copy this. Keep it displayed again. So, copy this. Keep it displayed again. So, copy this. Keep it handy. handy. handy. Okay. Okay. Okay. Now, for this particular webhook, okay, Now, for this particular webhook, okay, Now, for this particular webhook, okay, we are going to send the transcript, we are going to send the transcript, we are going to send the transcript, send the conversation transcript. Uh if send the conversation transcript. Uh if send the conversation transcript. Uh if you want to send the audio, you can you want to send the audio, you can you want to send the audio, you can enable this. If you want to send the enable this. If you want to send the enable this. If you want to send the call initiation feature failure details, call initiation feature failure details, call initiation feature failure details, you can enable this. Send an event when you can enable this. Send an event when you can enable this. Send an event when telephony calls fail to initiate. Right? telephony calls fail to initiate. Right? telephony calls fail to initiate. Right? So, those details can be sent to the So, those details can be sent to the So, those details can be sent to the webhook. webhook. webhook. And I'm using an Eden but it should work And I'm using an Eden but it should work And I'm using an Eden but it should work because it supports HMAC authentication. because it supports HMAC authentication. because it supports HMAC authentication. We can save this secret. We can save this secret. We can save this secret. Okay, now. So, by default, transcript is Okay, now. So, by default, transcript is Okay, now. So, by default, transcript is toggled on. So, after every call, 11 toggled on. So, after every call, 11 toggled on. So, after every call, 11 after uh send the commission to this after uh send the commission to this after uh send the commission to this webhook. Let me just I have updated the Let me just I have updated the Let me just I have updated the production URL. I am I have to publish production URL. I am I have to publish production URL. I am I have to publish this. Okay, it is actually published. this. Okay, it is actually published. this. Okay, it is actually published. Now, Now, Now, go back to another click on analysis. go back to another click on analysis. go back to another click on analysis. And on the left, we have two options. And on the left, we have two options. And on the left, we have two options. Evaluation category which will get to Evaluation category which will get to Evaluation category which will get to the data and find those. [music] You the data and find those. [music] You the data and find those. [music] You want to see data connection. We define want to see data connection. We define want to see data connection. We define custom data specification to extract custom data specification to extract custom data specification to extract from conversation transcript. So, we from conversation transcript. So, we from conversation transcript. So, we want to extract all of these things. want to extract all of these things. want to extract all of these things. Name of the person and all these Name of the person and all these Name of the person and all these information. So, go back. Click on add information. So, go back. Click on add information. So, go back. Click on add data point. And data type will be a data point. And data type will be a data point. And data type will be a boolean which is like yes or no, integer boolean which is like yes or no, integer boolean which is like yes or no, integer number and string for text. number and string for text. number and string for text. And the first one is going to be And the first one is going to be And the first one is going to be this one. Now, once we are done with this, we'll Now, once we are done with this, we'll Now, once we are done with this, we'll have to go to analysis and this is where have to go to analysis and this is where have to go to analysis and this is where we can create what are the data points we can create what are the data points we can create what are the data points that we want to collect. Okay, so that we want to collect. Okay, so that we want to collect. Okay, so uh in data collection, we have defined uh in data collection, we have defined uh in data collection, we have defined custom data specification to extract custom data specification to extract custom data specification to extract from conversation transcript. Right? from conversation transcript. Right? from conversation transcript. Right? What are the details that you actually What are the details that you actually What are the details that you actually need to be extracted from the need to be extracted from the need to be extracted from the conversation that happens between the conversation that happens between the conversation that happens between the agent and the user? agent and the user? agent and the user? Okay, so we'll click on add data point. Okay, so we'll click on add data point. Okay, so we'll click on add data point. And this is where we have to give the And this is where we have to give the And this is where we have to give the name, the description and if there are name, the description and if there are name, the description and if there are any enum values. [music] any enum values. [music] any enum values. [music] And the data types can be string, And the data types can be string, And the data types can be string, boolean, integer, number. boolean, integer, number. boolean, integer, number. Right? So, the data that we need is Right? So, the data that we need is Right? So, the data that we need is basically name of the person celebrating basically name of the person celebrating basically name of the person celebrating the birthday. the birthday. the birthday. Right? So, we can just give this as name Right? So, we can just give this as name Right? So, we can just give this as name and we need to give some description and we need to give some description and we need to give some description here. So, the description So, the here. So, the description So, the here. So, the description So, the description is going to be this one. The description is going to be this one. The description is going to be this one. The full name or first name of the person full name or first name of the person full name or first name of the person whose birthday is being celebrated. whose birthday is being celebrated. whose birthday is being celebrated. Okay, we don't need enum values here. Okay, we don't need enum values here. Okay, we don't need enum values here. Okay, likewise I'll add one more. Okay, Okay, likewise I'll add one more. Okay, Okay, likewise I'll add one more. Okay, and this time it is going to be the next and this time it is going to be the next and this time it is going to be the next one one one which is which is which is age of the birthday person. Right? So, age of the birthday person. Right? So, age of the birthday person. Right? So, I'm just going to make this as age and I'm just going to make this as age and I'm just going to make this as age and age is a number. age is a number. age is a number. So, the description for this can be So, the description for this can be So, the description for this can be the actual age in years of the person the actual age in years of the person the actual age in years of the person whose birthday is being celebrated. whose birthday is being celebrated. whose birthday is being celebrated. Okay, likewise we have to add all the Okay, likewise we have to add all the Okay, likewise we have to add all the data points that is needed to be data points that is needed to be data points that is needed to be captured. So, I've created all the data captured. So, I've created all the data captured. So, I've created all the data points apart from one. So, I'll add one points apart from one. So, I'll add one points apart from one. So, I'll add one more which is going to be um a string more which is going to be um a string more which is going to be um a string value. value. value. But this is indoor or outdoor But this is indoor or outdoor But this is indoor or outdoor preference. And we can have like indoor, preference. And we can have like indoor, preference. And we can have like indoor, outdoor or either. outdoor or either. outdoor or either. Right? And the description is going to Right? And the description is going to Right? And the description is going to be the client's preference for hosting be the client's preference for hosting be the client's preference for hosting the event indoor, outdoor or either. the event indoor, outdoor or either. the event indoor, outdoor or either. Right? So, that is this one [music] and Right? So, that is this one [music] and Right? So, that is this one [music] and add data point. add data point. add data point. So, we have this 10 data points added. So, we have this 10 data points added. So, we have this 10 data points added. Okay, now after we added all these data Okay, now after we added all these data Okay, now after we added all these data points, let's test this out because once points, let's test this out because once points, let's test this out because once we test it, all of these data points is we test it, all of these data points is we test it, all of these data points is actually going to be sent to this actually going to be sent to this actually going to be sent to this particular webhook. And for this webhook particular webhook. And for this webhook particular webhook. And for this webhook to work, I'll have to publish this. So, to work, I'll have to publish this. So, to work, I'll have to publish this. So, I'm going to click on publish. Right? I'm going to click on publish. Right? I'm going to click on publish. Right? So, this is published. Let me go back So, this is published. Let me go back So, this is published. Let me go back and click on and click on and click on publish for this particular uh agent publish for this particular uh agent publish for this particular uh agent that we created. that we created. that we created. Click on publish. Now, let's test this Click on publish. Now, let's test this Click on publish. Now, let's test this out. out. out. Hello, welcome to Aurora Events. I'm Hello, welcome to Aurora Events. I'm Hello, welcome to Aurora Events. I'm Jess and I'm here to help you plan your Jess and I'm here to help you plan your Jess and I'm here to help you plan your next event. Are you planning to host a next event. Are you planning to host a next event. Are you planning to host a wedding event or a corporate event or wedding event or a corporate event or wedding event or a corporate event or birthday event? Birthday event? birthday event? Birthday event? birthday event? Birthday event? Fantastic. I love the planning birthday Fantastic. I love the planning birthday Fantastic. I love the planning birthday celebrations. I'm so excited to help you celebrations. I'm so excited to help you celebrations. I'm so excited to help you create a truly memorable experience. To create a truly memorable experience. To create a truly memorable experience. To get started, could you please tell me get started, could you please tell me get started, could you please tell me the name of the person who's celebrating the name of the person who's celebrating the name of the person who's celebrating the birthday? Uh it's Aryan. the birthday? Uh it's Aryan. the birthday? Uh it's Aryan. That's a wonderful name. Happy early That's a wonderful name. Happy early That's a wonderful name. Happy early birthday to Aryan. To help me plan the birthday to Aryan. To help me plan the birthday to Aryan. To help me plan the perfect celebration, could you please perfect celebration, could you please perfect celebration, could you please tell me how old Aryan will be turning? tell me how old Aryan will be turning? tell me how old Aryan will be turning? Uh he'll be 7 years. Uh he'll be 7 years. Uh he'll be 7 years. 7 years old, how exciting. We can plan 7 years old, how exciting. We can plan 7 years old, how exciting. We can plan such a fun party for a 7-year-old. To such a fun party for a 7-year-old. To such a fun party for a 7-year-old. To make [music] sure we find the perfect make [music] sure we find the perfect make [music] sure we find the perfect date and time for Aryan's celebration, date and time for Aryan's celebration, date and time for Aryan's celebration, could you please let me know the could you please let me know the could you please let me know the preferred date and the start and end preferred date and the start and end preferred date and the start and end times for the party? It'll be 7th of times for the party? It'll be 7th of times for the party? It'll be 7th of April from 6:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. April from 6:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. April from 6:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. All right, April 7th from 6:00 p.m. to All right, April 7th from 6:00 p.m. to All right, April 7th from 6:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. Got it. That sounds like a 10:00 p.m. Got it. That sounds like a 10:00 p.m. Got it. That sounds like a great evening celebration. Now, to help great evening celebration. Now, to help great evening celebration. Now, to help me get an idea of the scale of the me get an idea of the scale of the me get an idea of the scale of the party, could you tell me the estimated party, could you tell me the estimated party, could you tell me the estimated number of guests you're expecting? number of guests you're expecting? number of guests you're expecting? &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; So, it'll be 75 members and we will do a &gt;&gt; So, it'll be 75 members and we will do a &gt;&gt; So, it'll be 75 members and we will do a indoor event and indoor event and indoor event and the theme will be space-based. the theme will be space-based. the theme will be space-based. 75 guests for [music] an indoor 75 guests for [music] an indoor 75 guests for [music] an indoor space-themed party on April 7th from space-themed party on April 7th from space-themed party on April 7th from 6:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. That sounds 6:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. That sounds 6:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. That sounds absolutely out of this world. I love the absolutely out of this world. I love the absolutely out of this world. I love the space theme. To help me find the perfect space theme. To help me find the perfect space theme. To help me find the perfect venue, could you please let me know your venue, could you please let me know your venue, could you please let me know your preferred city or specific area you have preferred city or specific area you have preferred city or specific area you have in mind for the celebration? Uh let's go in mind for the celebration? Uh let's go in mind for the celebration? Uh let's go for Whitefield, Bangalore. for Whitefield, Bangalore. for Whitefield, Bangalore. Whitefield, Bangalore, got it. A Whitefield, Bangalore, got it. A Whitefield, Bangalore, got it. A fantastic choice for a [music] fantastic choice for a [music] fantastic choice for a [music] space-themed party. Now, to ensure we're space-themed party. Now, to ensure we're space-themed party. Now, to ensure we're looking at options that fit your looking at options that fit your looking at options that fit your expectations, do you have a budget range expectations, do you have a budget range expectations, do you have a budget range in mind for Aryan's birthday in mind for Aryan's birthday in mind for Aryan's birthday celebration? This is optional, of celebration? This is optional, of celebration? This is optional, of course, but it helps me course, but it helps me course, but it helps me I apologize, it seems I may have cut I apologize, it seems I may have cut I apologize, it seems I may have cut Yeah, let's go with Yeah, let's go with Yeah, let's go with &gt;&gt; it seems Let's go with 70,000 rupees &gt;&gt; it seems Let's go with 70,000 rupees &gt;&gt; it seems Let's go with 70,000 rupees [music] as a budget. [music] as a budget. [music] as a budget. 70,000 rupees, got it. That gives us a 70,000 rupees, got it. That gives us a 70,000 rupees, got it. That gives us a good starting point for finding some good starting point for finding some good starting point for finding some amazing options in Whitefield. Just two amazing options in Whitefield. Just two amazing options in Whitefield. Just two more quick questions to make sure I have more quick questions to make sure I have more quick questions to make sure I have all the details. [music] Could you all the details. [music] Could you all the details. [music] Could you please provide a contact email and a please provide a contact email and a please provide a contact email and a contact number for follow-up? contact number for follow-up? contact number for follow-up? Yeah, it's abcd@xyz.com. Yeah, it's abcd@xyz.com. Yeah, it's abcd@xyz.com. [music] And the number is 9876543210. And the number is 9876543210. And the number is 9876543210. [music] Thank you so much. Just to confirm, the Thank you so much. Just to confirm, the Thank you so much. Just to confirm, the email is abcdxyz.com email is abcdxyz.com email is abcdxyz.com and the phone number is 98765432100. Is that correct? Uh it's just single Is that correct? Uh it's just single Is that correct? Uh it's just single zero at the end. 9876543210. Thank you for clarifying. So, the number Thank you for clarifying. So, the number Thank you for clarifying. So, the number is 9876543210. Got it. [music] Okay, so to recap, we're Got it. [music] Okay, so to recap, we're Got it. [music] Okay, so to recap, we're planning Aryan's 7th birthday party for planning Aryan's 7th birthday party for planning Aryan's 7th birthday party for 75 guests on April 7th from 6:00 p.m. to 75 guests on April 7th from 6:00 p.m. to 75 guests on April 7th from 6:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. with a space theme in 10:00 p.m. with a space theme in 10:00 p.m. with a space theme in Whitefield, Bangalore with a budget of Whitefield, Bangalore with a budget of Whitefield, Bangalore with a budget of 70,000 rupees. We have your email as 70,000 rupees. We have your email as 70,000 rupees. We have your email as abcdxyz.com abcdxyz.com abcdxyz.com and your contact number as 9876543210. Does all of that sound correct? Yes, Does all of that sound correct? Yes, Does all of that sound correct? Yes, absolutely. absolutely. absolutely. Wonderful. With all these exciting Wonderful. With all these exciting Wonderful. With all these exciting details, I can now start looking for the details, I can now start looking for the details, I can now start looking for the perfect venue and entertainment [music] perfect venue and entertainment [music] perfect venue and entertainment [music] options for Aryan's space-themed options for Aryan's space-themed options for Aryan's space-themed birthday in Whitefield. birthday in Whitefield. birthday in Whitefield. So, I [music] just ended the call So, I [music] just ended the call So, I [music] just ended the call because of we have got all the because of we have got all the because of we have got all the information. Let's go to N8N. We'll go information. Let's go to N8N. We'll go information. Let's go to N8N. We'll go to executions to executions to executions and this is the one which ran just now. and this is the one which ran just now. and this is the one which ran just now. All right, All right, All right, and and and So, I will click on copy to editor so So, I will click on copy to editor so So, I will click on copy to editor so that the data is copied to that the data is copied to that the data is copied to the editor. the editor. the editor. Right? When I open this up, Right? When I open this up, Right? When I open this up, okay? So, if we go to okay? So, if we go to okay? So, if we go to body, body, body, let's scroll a bit down. let's scroll a bit down. let's scroll a bit down. Or you can also Or you can also Or you can also search for it, right? So, if I search search for it, right? So, if I search search for it, right? So, if I search for name, for name, for name, you should have that. So, we'll scroll you should have that. So, we'll scroll you should have that. So, we'll scroll down down down and uh and uh and uh in the body, scroll a bit more down. in the body, scroll a bit more down. in the body, scroll a bit more down. And in the analysis, we have data And in the analysis, we have data And in the analysis, we have data collection results. collection results. collection results. Right? And here you can see the name is Right? And here you can see the name is Right? And here you can see the name is Aryan, Aryan, Aryan, age is seven, age is seven, age is seven, and then we have a preferred date and and then we have a preferred date and and then we have a preferred date and time, 7th of April from 6:00 p.m. to time, 7th of April from 6:00 p.m. to time, 7th of April from 6:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. [music] 10:00 p.m. [music] 10:00 p.m. [music] Right? And then estimated number of Right? And then estimated number of Right? And then estimated number of guests, 75 and so on and so forth. So, guests, 75 and so on and so forth. So, guests, 75 and so on and so forth. So, all the collected information is here. all the collected information is here. all the collected information is here. Now, I'll have to go to Now, I'll have to go to Now, I'll have to go to Google Sheets and save them to the Google Sheets and save them to the Google Sheets and save them to the Google Sheets. So, I am going to say Google Sheets. So, I am going to say Google Sheets. So, I am going to say append a row in sheet. append a row in sheet. append a row in sheet. And this is the document sheet within And this is the document sheet within And this is the document sheet within the document, append row. the document, append row. the document, append row. Okay, and it's going to be inquiries. Okay, and it's going to be inquiries. Okay, and it's going to be inquiries. So, it should be this one. So, it should be this one. So, it should be this one. And the sheet name should be birthday. And the sheet name should be birthday. And the sheet name should be birthday. Right? And we have all the information Right? And we have all the information Right? And we have all the information here. here. here. So, I'll have to just go to So, I'll have to just go to So, I'll have to just go to the analysis the analysis the analysis and pull all the data. and pull all the data. and pull all the data. Like this is [music] the name. Like this is [music] the name. Like this is [music] the name. Everything should be valid, right? Everything should be valid, right? Everything should be valid, right? So, scroll down, age value will go here. So, scroll down, age value will go here. So, scroll down, age value will go here. Then we have preferred date and time. Then we have preferred date and time. Then we have preferred date and time. So, this will go here. So, this will go here. So, this will go here. And we have estimated number of guests, And we have estimated number of guests, And we have estimated number of guests, value will go here. value will go here. value will go here. I'll do it for all of that. I'll do it for all of that. I'll do it for all of that. Okay, so I just drag and drop all the Okay, so I just drag and drop all the Okay, so I just drag and drop all the values onto this. I'll click on execute values onto this. I'll click on execute values onto this. I'll click on execute step and this should be a step and this should be a step and this should be a straightforward process. straightforward process. straightforward process. So, if I go to Google Sheets, So, if I go to Google Sheets, So, if I go to Google Sheets, all the information should be available all the information should be available all the information should be available here. So, this is how you collect the here. So, this is how you collect the here. So, this is how you collect the information from your information from your information from your agent, the voice agent, and store it on agent, the voice agent, and store it on agent, the voice agent, and store it on Google [music] Sheets. Google [music] Sheets. Google [music] Sheets. Now, from now on, because this is Now, from now on, because this is Now, from now on, because this is connected, if any user is going to call connected, if any user is going to call connected, if any user is going to call this particular number, this particular number, this particular number, then the agent will collect all the then the agent will collect all the then the agent will collect all the information and put it on this information and put it on this information and put it on this particular Google Sheets. particular Google Sheets. particular Google Sheets. Let's move on Let's move on Let's move on and see how do we actually connect and see how do we actually connect and see how do we actually connect Google Calendar such that the booking Google Calendar such that the booking Google Calendar such that the booking can act automatically happen. can act automatically happen. can act automatically happen. Right? So, for that, let me go to Right? So, for that, let me go to Right? So, for that, let me go to workflow and I'll go to birthday event workflow and I'll go to birthday event workflow and I'll go to birthday event specialist. specialist. specialist. And here we have something called tools, And here we have something called tools, And here we have something called tools, right? So, we have a few built-in tools right? So, we have a few built-in tools right? So, we have a few built-in tools like end conversation, detect language, like end conversation, detect language, like end conversation, detect language, skip tone, and so on and so forth. So, skip tone, and so on and so forth. So, skip tone, and so on and so forth. So, end conversation is gives the agent the end conversation is gives the agent the end conversation is gives the agent the ability to end the conversation with the ability to end the conversation with the ability to end the conversation with the user. user. user. Okay, so if the user is talking abusive Okay, so if the user is talking abusive Okay, so if the user is talking abusive or something like that, you can allow or something like that, you can allow or something like that, you can allow the agent to end the conversation or the agent to end the conversation or the agent to end the conversation or even when silence is detected. Detect even when silence is detected. Detect even when silence is detected. Detect the language, okay, gives agent the the language, okay, gives agent the the language, okay, gives agent the ability to change the language during ability to change the language during ability to change the language during conversation, requires language presets conversation, requires language presets conversation, requires language presets to be configured for each target to be configured for each target to be configured for each target language. language. language. Skip tone is when the user says, "Give Skip tone is when the user says, "Give Skip tone is when the user says, "Give me a moment." or me a moment." or me a moment." or "Hold on." and so on and so forth. "Hold on." and so on and so forth. "Hold on." and so on and so forth. So, that's when the agent will keep So, that's when the agent will keep So, that's when the agent will keep quiet. Agent will skip its turn if user quiet. Agent will skip its turn if user quiet. Agent will skip its turn if user explicitly indicates [music] they need a explicitly indicates [music] they need a explicitly indicates [music] they need a moment. moment. moment. Uh play keybo- keypad touch tone. Uh play keybo- keypad touch tone. Uh play keybo- keypad touch tone. Gives agent the ability to play keypad Gives agent the ability to play keypad Gives agent the ability to play keypad touch tones during the phone call. touch tones during the phone call. touch tones during the phone call. Okay, and voicemail detection. Allows Okay, and voicemail detection. Allows Okay, and voicemail detection. Allows agent to detect voicemails, voicemail agent to detect voicemails, voicemail agent to detect voicemails, voicemail system, and system, and system, and optionally leave a message. optionally leave a message. optionally leave a message. So, those are built-in tools. Those are So, those are built-in tools. Those are So, those are built-in tools. Those are available over here as well. You can available over here as well. You can available over here as well. You can enable it from here. enable it from here. enable it from here. And if it is enabled here, And if it is enabled here, And if it is enabled here, okay, it'll also be enabled for the sub okay, it'll also be enabled for the sub okay, it'll also be enabled for the sub agents. agents. agents. Right? Right? Right? We also have inherit custom tools, which We also have inherit custom tools, which We also have inherit custom tools, which means if you go to the main agent and means if you go to the main agent and means if you go to the main agent and add any tool over here, add any tool over here, add any tool over here, okay, then that tool can be inherited in okay, then that tool can be inherited in okay, then that tool can be inherited in the sub agent as well. Now, we don't the sub agent as well. Now, we don't the sub agent as well. Now, we don't have any tool in the main agent, have any tool in the main agent, have any tool in the main agent, so we're going to create a custom so we're going to create a custom so we're going to create a custom tool directly in the sub agent because tool directly in the sub agent because tool directly in the sub agent because this is something to do with birthday this is something to do with birthday this is something to do with birthday event event event management. So, I'll click on add tool. management. So, I'll click on add tool. management. So, I'll click on add tool. I'll click on add webhook tool. I'll click on add webhook tool. I'll click on add webhook tool. And this is where we'll be adding our And this is where we'll be adding our And this is where we'll be adding our calendar tool. calendar tool. calendar tool. Now, I've already gone ahead and created Now, I've already gone ahead and created Now, I've already gone ahead and created this particular flow on this particular flow on this particular flow on um N8N. I'm not going to um N8N. I'm not going to um N8N. I'm not going to create this all over again because we create this all over again because we create this all over again because we have already covered this during our N8N have already covered this during our N8N have already covered this during our N8N series. I'm just going to show you what series. I'm just going to show you what series. I'm just going to show you what I've done. [music] Right? So, we have I've done. [music] Right? So, we have I've done. [music] Right? So, we have webhook here, which is post. webhook here, which is post. webhook here, which is post. And then once we get the webhook, we And then once we get the webhook, we And then once we get the webhook, we have a AI agent, okay, which has uh have a AI agent, okay, which has uh have a AI agent, okay, which has uh the user prompt. This is the time slot the user prompt. This is the time slot the user prompt. This is the time slot the user wants to book Aryan's item, the user wants to book Aryan's item, the user wants to book Aryan's item, what he time slot. what he time slot. what he time slot. Okay, the system message is this. You Okay, the system message is this. You Okay, the system message is this. You are a helpful assistant who responds to are a helpful assistant who responds to are a helpful assistant who responds to users' requests in a fun, friendly, but users' requests in a fun, friendly, but users' requests in a fun, friendly, but professional way. Today's date is just professional way. Today's date is just professional way. Today's date is just so that you know what today's date is so that you know what today's date is so that you know what today's date is is now. is now. is now. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Uh tool start time and end time should &gt;&gt; Uh tool start time and end time should &gt;&gt; Uh tool start time and end time should be be be in ISO 8601 date time format. Start time in ISO 8601 date time format. Start time in ISO 8601 date time format. Start time should always be start of the day, should always be start of the day, should always be start of the day, example 12:00 a.m. End time should example 12:00 a.m. End time should example 12:00 a.m. End time should always be the end of the day, example always be the end of the day, example always be the end of the day, example 11:59 p.m. If the slot booking is being 11:59 p.m. If the slot booking is being 11:59 p.m. If the slot booking is being requested, first check the get events requested, first check the get events requested, first check the get events tool to see if that requested meeting tool to see if that requested meeting tool to see if that requested meeting time is available and if it is time is available and if it is time is available and if it is available, then use the booking book available, then use the booking book available, then use the booking book meeting tool to create the appointment meeting tool to create the appointment meeting tool to create the appointment and send the confirmation. If the time and send the confirmation. If the time and send the confirmation. If the time requested is not available, provide all requested is not available, provide all requested is not available, provide all the available times as a response for the available times as a response for the available times as a response for the user to select a new time. the user to select a new time. the user to select a new time. Right? So, that is going to be the Right? So, that is going to be the Right? So, that is going to be the uh system prompt. uh system prompt. uh system prompt. And we have connected it to open AI chat And we have connected it to open AI chat And we have connected it to open AI chat model. model. model. Uh we have two tools connected here. One Uh we have two tools connected here. One Uh we have two tools connected here. One is get events, which will get the is get events, which will get the is get events, which will get the events. events. events. Okay, and the second one is a book Okay, and the second one is a book Okay, and the second one is a book meeting. meeting. meeting. So, let's go ahead and create a new So, let's go ahead and create a new So, let's go ahead and create a new calendar. And for that, I'm going to calendar. And for that, I'm going to calendar. And for that, I'm going to other calendars, click on plus, create other calendars, click on plus, create other calendars, click on plus, create new calendar. I can give any name. Let's new calendar. I can give any name. Let's new calendar. I can give any name. Let's call this as call this as call this as whatever hotel. I mean, of course, it whatever hotel. I mean, of course, it whatever hotel. I mean, of course, it has to match whatever hotel options we has to match whatever hotel options we has to match whatever hotel options we have, but I'm just going to create a have, but I'm just going to create a have, but I'm just going to create a hotel hotel hotel um let's say White Sea. Okay, I can give um let's say White Sea. Okay, I can give um let's say White Sea. Okay, I can give a description. a description. a description. This is for birthday party booking. This is for birthday party booking. This is for birthday party booking. Right? So, I can give a time zone, I can Right? So, I can give a time zone, I can Right? So, I can give a time zone, I can give owner. Owner and organization will give owner. Owner and organization will give owner. Owner and organization will come automatically. I'll click on create come automatically. I'll click on create come automatically. I'll click on create calendar. This will be specifically for calendar. This will be specifically for calendar. This will be specifically for uh the birthday booking. uh the birthday booking. uh the birthday booking. So, let me go to White Sea and uh we can So, let me go to White Sea and uh we can So, let me go to White Sea and uh we can do some calendar settings here. do some calendar settings here. do some calendar settings here. Okay, so Okay, so Okay, so uh make available for it seven, make uh make available for it seven, make uh make available for it seven, make available for public and so on and so available for public and so on and so available for public and so on and so forth. forth. forth. Right? Because we are doing uh at park Right? Because we are doing uh at park Right? Because we are doing uh at park with N8N, make available for x7 is with N8N, make available for x7 is with N8N, make available for x7 is completely fine. completely fine. completely fine. And you can add notifications all day And you can add notifications all day And you can add notifications all day event notifications and so on so forth. event notifications and so on so forth. event notifications and so on so forth. You can do You can do You can do um um um the customization here. the customization here. the customization here. So, you can do all those settings in So, you can do all those settings in So, you can do all those settings in this particular calendar. this particular calendar. this particular calendar. Right? Now, what I'll do is I'll go back Right? Now, what I'll do is I'll go back Right? Now, what I'll do is I'll go back to an item and I'll connect this to to an item and I'll connect this to to an item and I'll connect this to uh uh uh the support account. I think this should the support account. I think this should the support account. I think this should be good enough. be good enough. be good enough. And if I go to the calendar, And if I go to the calendar, And if I go to the calendar, we should have that Whitefield. we should have that Whitefield. we should have that Whitefield. Right? Right? Right? Uh now, the start and end will be Uh now, the start and end will be Uh now, the start and end will be defined by AI model, defined by AI model, defined by AI model, which means it will be communicated via which means it will be communicated via which means it will be communicated via the AI model. Okay? Because this tool the AI model. Okay? Because this tool the AI model. Okay? Because this tool I've also said uh use default reminders. I've also said uh use default reminders. I've also said uh use default reminders. Okay? And Okay? And Okay? And um um um if you go to if you go to if you go to uh get events, I'll make the same change uh get events, I'll make the same change uh get events, I'll make the same change again. Skill demo. again. Skill demo. again. Skill demo. This is the account name that we had This is the account name that we had This is the account name that we had given. given. given. Um this will be Whitefield. Um this will be Whitefield. Um this will be Whitefield. Right? So, we have made this change. Right? So, we have made this change. Right? So, we have made this change. Okay? So, book meeting and get events Okay? So, book meeting and get events Okay? So, book meeting and get events both has both has both has are are are calendar linked. calendar linked. calendar linked. Okay? That is the new calendar that we Okay? That is the new calendar that we Okay? That is the new calendar that we created, which is Whitefield. created, which is Whitefield. created, which is Whitefield. And [music] so, now And [music] so, now And [music] so, now I go to web hook, I go to web hook, I go to web hook, go to production, copy this particular go to production, copy this particular go to production, copy this particular URL, URL, URL, come back, come back, come back, give name as event give name as event give name as event booking. booking. booking. And this will be post. And this will be post. And this will be post. I'll give the URL here. I'll give the URL here. I'll give the URL here. Okay? Okay? Okay? And I'll mention this tool will be used And I'll mention this tool will be used And I'll mention this tool will be used when the user wants to book uh when the user wants to book uh when the user wants to book uh event in Whitefield uh bottom. I mean, event in Whitefield uh bottom. I mean, event in Whitefield uh bottom. I mean, [music] not Whitefield, we'll have to [music] not Whitefield, we'll have to [music] not Whitefield, we'll have to use one of the existing uh hotel link or use one of the existing uh hotel link or use one of the existing uh hotel link or we'll have to change the Midfield, we'll have to change the Midfield, we'll have to change the Midfield, either of them. either of them. either of them. So, I'll go to venue info, check what So, I'll go to venue info, check what So, I'll go to venue info, check what are the venue. are the venue. are the venue. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; So, I'll go with the Bloom Garden &gt;&gt; So, I'll go with the Bloom Garden &gt;&gt; So, I'll go with the Bloom Garden events, which is in Whitefield. events, which is in Whitefield. events, which is in Whitefield. And just [music] add that over here. And just [music] add that over here. And just [music] add that over here. Right? So, Bloom Garden events Right? So, Bloom Garden events Right? So, Bloom Garden events and and and Whitefield. Whitefield. Whitefield. So, you need one such thing So, you need one such thing So, you need one such thing uh for every uh for every uh for every uh hotel. uh hotel. uh hotel. Okay? Of course, we are showing you with Okay? Of course, we are showing you with Okay? Of course, we are showing you with one of the hotels, but if you have API one of the hotels, but if you have API one of the hotels, but if you have API connections with each of those hotels, connections with each of those hotels, connections with each of those hotels, you can directly book. you can directly book. you can directly book. That's how That's how That's how uh your BookMyShow or anything works. uh your BookMyShow or anything works. uh your BookMyShow or anything works. Right? Um Right? Um Right? Um once this is done, we also need uh once this is done, we also need uh once this is done, we also need uh to add a body parameter here. to add a body parameter here. to add a body parameter here. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; And this is going to be the preferred &gt;&gt; And this is going to be the preferred &gt;&gt; And this is going to be the preferred date and time. date and time. date and time. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Now, here &gt;&gt; Now, here &gt;&gt; Now, here because the AI agent has to check the because the AI agent has to check the because the AI agent has to check the availability, we have to tell what is availability, we have to tell what is availability, we have to tell what is the date and time that the user is the date and time that the user is the date and time that the user is looking for. And that is the property looking for. And that is the property looking for. And that is the property that we have to send via the web hook. that we have to send via the web hook. that we have to send via the web hook. And this is going to be And this is going to be And this is going to be time slot. time slot. time slot. Okay? Okay? Okay? And we'll tell this is required because And we'll tell this is required because And we'll tell this is required because without this, we can't without this, we can't without this, we can't proceed further. Value type is LLM proceed further. Value type is LLM proceed further. Value type is LLM prompt or constant value or dynamic prompt or constant value or dynamic prompt or constant value or dynamic variable. Let's go with LLM prompt. And variable. Let's go with LLM prompt. And variable. Let's go with LLM prompt. And the description is going to be the description is going to be the description is going to be the date and time [music] slot the date and time [music] slot the date and time [music] slot the user wants to book. And here we can the user wants to book. And here we can the user wants to book. And here we can mention this field will be passed to the mention this field will be passed to the mention this field will be passed to the LLM and should describe in detail how to LLM and should describe in detail how to LLM and should describe in detail how to extract the data extract the data extract the data &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; from the transcript. Right? So, because &gt;&gt; from the transcript. Right? So, because &gt;&gt; from the transcript. Right? So, because we told that this is the time slot, but we told that this is the time slot, but we told that this is the time slot, but uh we also have to tell what actually uh we also have to tell what actually uh we also have to tell what actually does this mean and how do we extract does this mean and how do we extract does this mean and how do we extract that from the conversation that is that from the conversation that is that from the conversation that is happening between the user and the happening between the user and the happening between the user and the agent. So, let's add this. Extract the agent. So, let's add this. Extract the agent. So, let's add this. Extract the date and time slot that user wants to date and time slot that user wants to date and time slot that user wants to book. book. book. So, this is the only property that we So, this is the only property that we So, this is the only property that we need. need. need. So, once we add this, we can click on So, once we add this, we can click on So, once we add this, we can click on add tool. add tool. add tool. Okay, function name must be less than 64 Okay, function name must be less than 64 Okay, function name must be less than 64 characters long and contain only alpha characters long and contain only alpha characters long and contain only alpha numeric, underscore, or hyphen. So, I'll numeric, underscore, or hyphen. So, I'll numeric, underscore, or hyphen. So, I'll have to give this one and then click on have to give this one and then click on have to give this one and then click on [music] add tool. [music] add tool. [music] add tool. Okay? Okay? Okay? Um Um Um that's all we need. Okay? And in the that's all we need. Okay? And in the that's all we need. Okay? And in the tools, I missed to tell one thing. If tools, I missed to tell one thing. If tools, I missed to tell one thing. If you enable something, then you can also you enable something, then you can also you enable something, then you can also customize this. Right? So, the name is customize this. Right? So, the name is customize this. Right? So, the name is this, description, you can give some this, description, you can give some this, description, you can give some description here, or if you go to show description here, or if you go to show description here, or if you go to show default, it'll actually show you. Skip a default, it'll actually show you. Skip a default, it'll actually show you. Skip a turn when the user explicitly indicates turn when the user explicitly indicates turn when the user explicitly indicates they need a moment to think or perform they need a moment to think or perform they need a moment to think or perform an action. Right? an action. Right? an action. Right? So, something like this. This is the So, something like this. This is the So, something like this. This is the default uh default uh default uh description. If you want, you can keep description. If you want, you can keep description. If you want, you can keep it. If you want, you can change it. it. If you want, you can change it. it. If you want, you can change it. Okay? So, you can also see you can Okay? So, you can also see you can Okay? So, you can also see you can disable interruptions. Okay? Select this disable interruptions. Okay? Select this disable interruptions. Okay? Select this box to disable interruptions while the box to disable interruptions while the box to disable interruptions while the tool is running. tool is running. tool is running. Okay? So, I'll just click on paste order Okay? So, I'll just click on paste order Okay? So, I'll just click on paste order [music] button. [music] button. [music] button. So, if you want, you can do that. I'll So, if you want, you can do that. I'll So, if you want, you can do that. I'll just click on cancel and disable this just click on cancel and disable this just click on cancel and disable this one now. one now. one now. So, once we are done with the settings, So, once we are done with the settings, So, once we are done with the settings, let's click on publish. let's click on publish. let's click on publish. Publish and let's test this up. Publish and let's test this up. Publish and let's test this up. Hello, welcome to Aurora Events. I'm Hello, welcome to Aurora Events. I'm Hello, welcome to Aurora Events. I'm Jess, and I'm here to help you plan your Jess, and I'm here to help you plan your Jess, and I'm here to help you plan your next event. Are you planning to next event. Are you planning to next event. Are you planning to host a wedding event or a corporate host a wedding event or a corporate host a wedding event or a corporate event or a birthday event? It's going to event or a birthday event? It's going to event or a birthday event? It's going to be a birthday event for our son who's be a birthday event for our son who's be a birthday event for our son who's turning 7 on April 7th, 2027, and his turning 7 on April 7th, 2027, and his turning 7 on April 7th, 2027, and his name is Aryan. name is Aryan. name is Aryan. And we are going to invite 75 guests. And we are going to invite 75 guests. And we are going to invite 75 guests. Let's plan it on Let's plan it on Let's plan it on uh Whitefield area, Bangalore. uh Whitefield area, Bangalore. uh Whitefield area, Bangalore. And uh it is going to be from 6:00 p.m. And uh it is going to be from 6:00 p.m. And uh it is going to be from 6:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. indoor event. indoor event. indoor event. That sounds like a wonderful birthday That sounds like a wonderful birthday That sounds like a wonderful birthday celebration for Aryan. 7 years old is celebration for Aryan. 7 years old is celebration for Aryan. 7 years old is such a fun age. To make sure I have all such a fun age. To make sure I have all such a fun age. To make sure I have all the details correct, could you please the details correct, could you please the details correct, could you please confirm the full date for Aryan's confirm the full date for Aryan's confirm the full date for Aryan's birthday party? birthday party? birthday party? Yeah, it's going to be 7th April 2026. Yeah, it's going to be 7th April 2026. Yeah, it's going to be 7th April 2026. And And And uh the theme is going to be space. uh the theme is going to be space. uh the theme is going to be space. A space theme for Aryan's 7th birthday A space theme for Aryan's 7th birthday A space theme for Aryan's 7th birthday sounds absolutely out of this world. I sounds absolutely out of this world. I sounds absolutely out of this world. I love it. So, just to recap, we [music] love it. So, just to recap, we [music] love it. So, just to recap, we [music] have name of the birthday person, Aryan have name of the birthday person, Aryan have name of the birthday person, Aryan age seven preferred, age seven preferred, age seven preferred, date April 7th, 2026, date April 7th, 2026, date April 7th, 2026, time 6:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m., estimated time 6:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m., estimated time 6:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m., estimated number of guests 75, city venue location number of guests 75, city venue location number of guests 75, city venue location preference Whitefield, Bangalore. preference Whitefield, Bangalore. preference Whitefield, Bangalore. Theme space indoor or outdoor preference Theme space indoor or outdoor preference Theme space indoor or outdoor preference indoor now. Could you please share your indoor now. Could you please share your indoor now. Could you please share your budget range for the party? budget range for the party? budget range for the party? And also, what's your contact email and And also, what's your contact email and And also, what's your contact email and phone number for follow-up? phone number for follow-up? phone number for follow-up? So, the budget is going to be 75,000 and So, the budget is going to be 75,000 and So, the budget is going to be 75,000 and the contact email is going to be the contact email is going to be the contact email is going to be &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; uh &gt;&gt; uh &gt;&gt; uh abcd@xyz.com, and the phone number is going to be and the phone number is going to be and the phone number is going to be 9876543210. Thank you so much for providing all Thank you so much for providing all Thank you so much for providing all those details. A budget of 75,000 for a those details. A budget of 75,000 for a those details. A budget of 75,000 for a space-themed party for Aryan sounds space-themed party for Aryan sounds space-themed party for Aryan sounds fantastic, and I've got your contact fantastic, and I've got your contact fantastic, and I've got your contact email and phone number. Just to confirm email and phone number. Just to confirm email and phone number. Just to confirm all the details are name of the birthday all the details are name of the birthday all the details are name of the birthday person, Aryan age seven person, Aryan age seven person, Aryan age seven preferred, preferred, preferred, date April 7th, 2026, date April 7th, 2026, date April 7th, 2026, time 6:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m., estimated time 6:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m., estimated time 6:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m., estimated number of guests 75, city venue location number of guests 75, city venue location number of guests 75, city venue location preference Whitefield, Bangalore. preference Whitefield, Bangalore. preference Whitefield, Bangalore. Theme space indoor or outdoor preference Theme space indoor or outdoor preference Theme space indoor or outdoor preference indoor budget range 75,000 contact email indoor budget range 75,000 contact email indoor budget range 75,000 contact email avc@xyz.com. avc@xyz.com. avc@xyz.com. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Contact number &gt;&gt; Contact number &gt;&gt; Contact number 9876543210. 9876543210. 9876543210. Aryan, Aryan, Aryan, I'm so excited to help you plan this I'm so excited to help you plan this I'm so excited to help you plan this amazing space adventure for Aryan. I'll amazing space adventure for Aryan. I'll amazing space adventure for Aryan. I'll get to work on some fantastic venue and get to work on some fantastic venue and get to work on some fantastic venue and entertainment options in Whitefield that entertainment options in Whitefield that entertainment options in Whitefield that fit your budget and theme. fit your budget and theme. fit your budget and theme. Yes, please. Yes, please. Yes, please. Wonderful. Based on your preferences, I Wonderful. Based on your preferences, I Wonderful. Based on your preferences, I have a fantastic option for you in have a fantastic option for you in have a fantastic option for you in Whitefield. The Bloom Garden Events, Whitefield. The Bloom Garden Events, Whitefield. The Bloom Garden Events, located at 12 ITPL Road, Whitefield, located at 12 ITPL Road, Whitefield, located at 12 ITPL Road, Whitefield, Bengaluru, would be a great fit. Yes, Bengaluru, would be a great fit. Yes, Bengaluru, would be a great fit. Yes, let's go ahead. farmhouse garden. let's go ahead. farmhouse garden. let's go ahead. farmhouse garden. My apologies. I got a little ahead of My apologies. I got a little ahead of My apologies. I got a little ahead of myself. Bloom Garden Events is actually myself. Bloom Garden Events is actually myself. Bloom Garden Events is actually an outdoor venue, and you mentioned an an outdoor venue, and you mentioned an an outdoor venue, and you mentioned an indoor preference. Let me quickly check indoor preference. Let me quickly check indoor preference. Let me quickly check for indoor venues in Whitefield that for indoor venues in Whitefield that for indoor venues in Whitefield that would be perfect for Aryan's would be perfect for Aryan's would be perfect for Aryan's space-themed party. I'll be right back space-themed party. I'll be right back space-themed party. I'll be right back with some better options. with some better options. with some better options. No, I think No, I think No, I think uh outdoor is fine. Go ahead. Oh, fantastic. That opens up some lovely Oh, fantastic. That opens up some lovely Oh, fantastic. That opens up some lovely possibilities. So, for an outdoor possibilities. So, for an outdoor possibilities. So, for an outdoor space-themed party for Aryan, I'd love space-themed party for Aryan, I'd love space-themed party for Aryan, I'd love to tell you more about Bloom Garden to tell you more about Bloom Garden to tell you more about Bloom Garden Events in Whitefield. It's located at 12 Events in Whitefield. It's located at 12 Events in Whitefield. It's located at 12 ITPL Road, Whitefield, Bengaluru. It's a ITPL Road, Whitefield, Bengaluru. It's a ITPL Road, Whitefield, Bengaluru. It's a beautiful farmhouse garden with a beautiful farmhouse garden with a beautiful farmhouse garden with a capacity of 150 guests, which is perfect capacity of 150 guests, which is perfect capacity of 150 guests, which is perfect for your 75 guests. The starting price for your 75 guests. The starting price for your 75 guests. The starting price is 60,000 rupees. And while catering is 60,000 rupees. And while catering is 60,000 rupees. And while catering isn't included, they do have [music] isn't included, they do have [music] isn't included, they do have [music] parking available. It's also parking available. It's also parking available. It's also pet-friendly and ideal for daytime pet-friendly and ideal for daytime pet-friendly and ideal for daytime garden parties with amenities like an garden parties with amenities like an garden parties with amenities like an open lawn, bonfire, generator backup, open lawn, bonfire, generator backup, open lawn, bonfire, generator backup, and a kids' play area. and a kids' play area. and a kids' play area. It has a rating of 4.2 out of 5. How It has a rating of 4.2 out of 5. How It has a rating of 4.2 out of 5. How does that sound as a potential option? does that sound as a potential option? does that sound as a potential option? Yes, go ahead. Great. So, Bloom Garden Events sounds Great. So, Bloom Garden Events sounds Great. So, Bloom Garden Events sounds like a promising option for Aryan's like a promising option for Aryan's like a promising option for Aryan's birthday. Now, to help you further, I birthday. Now, to help you further, I birthday. Now, to help you further, I can check the availability for April can check the availability for April can check the availability for April 7th, 2026, 7th, 2026, 7th, 2026, &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; from 6:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. at Bloom &gt;&gt; from 6:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. at Bloom &gt;&gt; from 6:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. at Bloom Garden Events. Would you like me to do Garden Events. Would you like me to do Garden Events. Would you like me to do that? Yes, please. that? Yes, please. that? Yes, please. Excellent. I've just initiated the Excellent. I've just initiated the Excellent. I've just initiated the booking request for Bloom Garden Events booking request for Bloom Garden Events booking request for Bloom Garden Events for April 7th, 2026, from 6:00 p.m. to for April 7th, 2026, from 6:00 p.m. to for April 7th, 2026, from 6:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. Our team will get back to you 10:00 p.m. Our team will get back to you 10:00 p.m. Our team will get back to you very soon regarding the availability and very soon regarding the availability and very soon regarding the availability and further steps. Is there anything else I further steps. Is there anything else I further steps. Is there anything else I can help you with today to make Aryan's can help you with today to make Aryan's can help you with today to make Aryan's space-themed birthday party absolutely space-themed birthday party absolutely space-themed birthday party absolutely stellar? stellar? stellar? Uh nothing else. So, is the booking Uh nothing else. So, is the booking Uh nothing else. So, is the booking done? The booking process has been initiated. The booking process has been initiated. The booking process has been initiated. Our team is now checking the Our team is now checking the Our team is now checking the availability for you at Bloom Garden availability for you at Bloom Garden availability for you at Bloom Garden Events for April 7th, 2026. Events for April 7th, 2026. Events for April 7th, 2026. You will receive a confirmation or You will receive a confirmation or You will receive a confirmation or further details very soon. [music] And further details very soon. [music] And further details very soon. [music] And if you go here, you can see that it is if you go here, you can see that it is if you go here, you can see that it is actually booked. Okay? Now, it has no actually booked. Okay? Now, it has no actually booked. Okay? Now, it has no title. title. title. Let's quickly check why. Let's quickly check why. Let's quickly check why. If we go to our editor If we go to our editor If we go to our editor and Book Me D. and Book Me D. and Book Me D. Right? So, we've not added the title. Right? So, we've not added the title. Right? So, we've not added the title. Okay? So, we've just told start and end Okay? So, we've just told start and end Okay? So, we've just told start and end time. So, we have to go to add fields time. So, we have to go to add fields time. So, we have to go to add fields and go to and go to and go to um um um summary. summary. summary. Okay, add this. And we also have to add Okay, add this. And we also have to add Okay, add this. And we also have to add Yes, summary and the description could Yes, summary and the description could Yes, summary and the description could be added. And if you add that, title be added. And if you add that, title be added. And if you add that, title will also be added. But you can see that will also be added. But you can see that will also be added. But you can see that it has actually linked to our it has actually linked to our it has actually linked to our uh what is it? calendar and this has uh what is it? calendar and this has uh what is it? calendar and this has been blocked. So, one of the things that been blocked. So, one of the things that been blocked. So, one of the things that I missed to show was to publish this and I missed to show was to publish this and I missed to show was to publish this and that's why I was showcasing it while I that's why I was showcasing it while I that's why I was showcasing it while I had initiated the call. had initiated the call. had initiated the call. So, please ensure that this is published So, please ensure that this is published So, please ensure that this is published because we are using webhook of the because we are using webhook of the because we are using webhook of the life. Okay? That is uh production URL. life. Okay? That is uh production URL. life. Okay? That is uh production URL. So, it has to be published before we So, it has to be published before we So, it has to be published before we call. And that's how you collect the call. And that's how you collect the call. And that's how you collect the information and share it in Google information and share it in Google information and share it in Google Sheets and also Sheets and also Sheets and also initiate the calendar booking [music] initiate the calendar booking [music] initiate the calendar booking [music] functionality. functionality. functionality. Of course, the agent didn't Of course, the agent didn't Of course, the agent didn't uh tell us that the booking has been uh tell us that the booking has been uh tell us that the booking has been blocked or anything of that sort because blocked or anything of that sort because blocked or anything of that sort because we have not uh added that prompt. Okay? we have not uh added that prompt. Okay? we have not uh added that prompt. Okay? But you can refine it and ensure that But you can refine it and ensure that But you can refine it and ensure that the agent actually confirms the booking the agent actually confirms the booking the agent actually confirms the booking is done and so on and so forth. is done and so on and so forth. is done and so on and so forth. So, So, So, that's how you can play around with that's how you can play around with that's how you can play around with bookings using ElevenLabs voice agent. bookings using ElevenLabs voice agent. bookings using ElevenLabs voice agent. If you found this helpful, please share If you found this helpful, please share If you found this helpful, please share it with at least one person. it with at least one person. it with at least one person. And thank you for watching. I will see And thank you for watching. I will see And thank you for watching. I will see you in the next one.
