I learned how to do data analysis with I learned how to do data analysis with I learned how to do data analysis with AI for you. I guess we can call it vibe AI for you. I guess we can call it vibe AI for you. I guess we can call it vibe analyzing. But really though, I took 11 analyzing. But really though, I took 11 analyzing. But really though, I took 11 courses on this topic. What can I say? I courses on this topic. What can I say? I courses on this topic. What can I say? I used to be a data scientist at Meta. I used to be a data scientist at Meta. I used to be a data scientist at Meta. I love data. I use data every single day. love data. I use data every single day. love data. I use data every single day. I'm going to save you the time and money I'm going to save you the time and money I'm going to save you the time and money that I spent buying these courses and that I spent buying these courses and that I spent buying these courses and give you the cliffos version of what I give you the cliffos version of what I give you the cliffos version of what I learned. As per usual, there'll be learned. As per usual, there'll be learned. As per usual, there'll be little quizzes throughout this video. little quizzes throughout this video. little quizzes throughout this video. So, pay attention. All right, let's go. So, pay attention. All right, let's go. So, pay attention. All right, let's go. A portion of this video is sponsored by A portion of this video is sponsored by A portion of this video is sponsored by LTX2. The outline of today's video is LTX2. The outline of today's video is LTX2. The outline of today's video is first I'm going to cover when is it first I'm going to cover when is it first I'm going to cover when is it useful to use AI for data analysis. Then useful to use AI for data analysis. Then useful to use AI for data analysis. Then we'll talk about the dig framework for we'll talk about the dig framework for we'll talk about the dig framework for how to approach analysis. But of course how to approach analysis. But of course how to approach analysis. But of course to make it all concrete we need some to make it all concrete we need some to make it all concrete we need some examples. So I'll then be showing you examples. So I'll then be showing you examples. So I'll then be showing you lots of examples. And finally I'll lots of examples. And finally I'll lots of examples. And finally I'll [music] explain how to take this even [music] explain how to take this even [music] explain how to take this even further and take your data analysis and further and take your data analysis and further and take your data analysis and build it out into dashboards or even AI build it out into dashboards or even AI build it out into dashboards or even AI applications. [music] I do want to make applications. [music] I do want to make applications. [music] I do want to make a note that a lot of the courses and a note that a lot of the courses and a note that a lot of the courses and examples are focused on using chatbt as examples are focused on using chatbt as examples are focused on using chatbt as the tool for data analysis. But that is the tool for data analysis. But that is the tool for data analysis. But that is not the case that you have to use not the case that you have to use not the case that you have to use chatbt. In fact, you can switch it off chatbt. In fact, you can switch it off chatbt. In fact, you can switch it off at Gemini and Claude would work the same at Gemini and Claude would work the same at Gemini and Claude would work the same way. In fact, sometimes they would way. In fact, sometimes they would way. In fact, sometimes they would actually work better. So, don't feel actually work better. So, don't feel actually work better. So, don't feel like you need to be married to a single like you need to be married to a single like you need to be married to a single tool. And I'll actually call out if tool. And I'll actually call out if tool. And I'll actually call out if there is a tool that I think would work there is a tool that I think would work there is a tool that I think would work even better. Okay, let's start off with even better. Okay, let's start off with even better. Okay, let's start off with when we should be considering using AI when we should be considering using AI when we should be considering using AI for data analysis. Well, from the course for data analysis. Well, from the course for data analysis. Well, from the course Chachi PT advanced data [music] Chachi PT advanced data [music] Chachi PT advanced data [music] analysis, Dr. Jules White, the analysis, Dr. Jules White, the analysis, Dr. Jules White, the instructor from Vanderbilt University instructor from Vanderbilt University instructor from Vanderbilt University has an acronym for this called achieve. has an acronym for this called achieve. has an acronym for this called achieve. He explains that there are five He explains that there are five He explains that there are five different areas that is useful for using different areas that is useful for using different areas that is useful for using AI in data analysis. Aiding human AI in data analysis. Aiding human AI in data analysis. Aiding human coordination, cutting out tedious task, coordination, cutting out tedious task, coordination, cutting out tedious task, help provide a safety net for humans, help provide a safety net for humans, help provide a safety net for humans, inspire better productivity and problem inspire better productivity and problem inspire better productivity and problem solving, and enable great ideas to scale solving, and enable great ideas to scale solving, and enable great ideas to scale faster, achieve. Aiding human faster, achieve. Aiding human faster, achieve. Aiding human coordination refers to helping people coordination refers to helping people coordination refers to helping people work better with each other because work better with each other because work better with each other because people actually tend to be quite messy, people actually tend to be quite messy, people actually tend to be quite messy, you know, and there's a lot of you know, and there's a lot of you know, and there's a lot of miscommunications. There's a lot of like miscommunications. There's a lot of like miscommunications. There's a lot of like back and forth between people. So, back and forth between people. So, back and forth between people. So, there's a lot of room for improvement there's a lot of room for improvement there's a lot of room for improvement here that AI can help with. Say, for here that AI can help with. Say, for here that AI can help with. Say, for example, you're in a meeting with a example, you're in a meeting with a example, you're in a meeting with a bunch of people and you have this bunch of people and you have this bunch of people and you have this meeting transcript. You can actually put meeting transcript. You can actually put meeting transcript. You can actually put it into AI and say, "Actal assistant. it into AI and say, "Actal assistant. it into AI and say, "Actal assistant. Read the following meeting transcript Read the following meeting transcript Read the following meeting transcript and provide me a summary of the key and provide me a summary of the key and provide me a summary of the key points of discussion." This is just an points of discussion." This is just an points of discussion." This is just an example. I'm sure you can think of a lot example. I'm sure you can think of a lot example. I'm sure you can think of a lot of other scenarios where there is a of other scenarios where there is a of other scenarios where there is a bunch of data that can be analyzed such bunch of data that can be analyzed such bunch of data that can be analyzed such that you can provide more clarity for that you can provide more clarity for that you can provide more clarity for humans. The second part of the framework humans. The second part of the framework humans. The second part of the framework is to cut out tedious task. Just as that is to cut out tedious task. Just as that is to cut out tedious task. Just as that suggests, it's best to let AI to be able suggests, it's best to let AI to be able suggests, it's best to let AI to be able to do things that are very repetitive to do things that are very repetitive to do things that are very repetitive and boring for people. For example, say and boring for people. For example, say and boring for people. For example, say you're hosting a workshop and you ask you're hosting a workshop and you ask you're hosting a workshop and you ask people to sign up for the workshop and people to sign up for the workshop and people to sign up for the workshop and provide different types of information provide different types of information provide different types of information like what their name is, what their like what their name is, what their like what their name is, what their occupation is, which department that occupation is, which department that occupation is, which department that they're in, what their interests are. they're in, what their interests are. they're in, what their interests are. Instead of having to go through this and Instead of having to go through this and Instead of having to go through this and manually analyze it, you can tell the AI manually analyze it, you can tell the AI manually analyze it, you can tell the AI that this is the list of people that that this is the list of people that that this is the list of people that registered for my workshop on prompt registered for my workshop on prompt registered for my workshop on prompt engineering and chatbt. Describe the engineering and chatbt. Describe the engineering and chatbt. Describe the data in this file. By the way, asking AI data in this file. By the way, asking AI data in this file. By the way, asking AI to describe data is is best practices to describe data is is best practices to describe data is is best practices which we'll cover a little bit later. which we'll cover a little bit later. which we'll cover a little bit later. But yes, so the AI will be like, okay, But yes, so the AI will be like, okay, But yes, so the AI will be like, okay, like you know, this file contains this like you know, this file contains this like you know, this file contains this type of information. It's a CSV file and type of information. It's a CSV file and type of information. It's a CSV file and it contains like timestamp, name, the it contains like timestamp, name, the it contains like timestamp, name, the email, the department, um this is a email, the department, um this is a email, the department, um this is a university workshop, how they're using university workshop, how they're using university workshop, how they're using chatbt and their tools already, the role chatbt and their tools already, the role chatbt and their tools already, the role that they hold, etc. You might notice that they hold, etc. You might notice that they hold, etc. You might notice that people are filling their department that people are filling their department that people are filling their department names in a lot of different variations. names in a lot of different variations. names in a lot of different variations. So you can actually ask the AI, there So you can actually ask the AI, there So you can actually ask the AI, there seems to be a lot of overlap between seems to be a lot of overlap between seems to be a lot of overlap between departments with alternate spellings. departments with alternate spellings. departments with alternate spellings. Can you list out all the departments and Can you list out all the departments and Can you list out all the departments and then do some intelligent grouping of then do some intelligent grouping of then do some intelligent grouping of them? And then you can ask it to create them? And then you can ask it to create them? And then you can ask it to create a bar chart showing the total number of a bar chart showing the total number of a bar chart showing the total number of registrations per department. This is registrations per department. This is registrations per department. This is the kind of data cleaning and the kind of data cleaning and the kind of data cleaning and visualization that is pretty mundane and visualization that is pretty mundane and visualization that is pretty mundane and AI is able to do this much more quickly. AI is able to do this much more quickly. AI is able to do this much more quickly. Third part of the framework is to help Third part of the framework is to help Third part of the framework is to help provide a safety net for humans. You see provide a safety net for humans. You see provide a safety net for humans. You see people often say like oh AI has a lot of people often say like oh AI has a lot of people often say like oh AI has a lot of hallucinations and that is true. AI does hallucinations and that is true. AI does hallucinations and that is true. AI does hallucinate but people hallucinate too. hallucinate but people hallucinate too. hallucinate but people hallucinate too. People make a lot of mistakes, like some People make a lot of mistakes, like some People make a lot of mistakes, like some really really dumb mistakes. I make dumb really really dumb mistakes. I make dumb really really dumb mistakes. I make dumb mistakes like literally constantly. mistakes like literally constantly. mistakes like literally constantly. Wrote my name wrong on a form yesterday Wrote my name wrong on a form yesterday Wrote my name wrong on a form yesterday for example. So that is why having AI as for example. So that is why having AI as for example. So that is why having AI as a backup is actually a really great a backup is actually a really great a backup is actually a really great idea. Say for example, you're on a idea. Say for example, you're on a idea. Say for example, you're on a business trip and you need to ask for a business trip and you need to ask for a business trip and you need to ask for a reimbursement. So you need to like reimbursement. So you need to like reimbursement. So you need to like generate some invoice thingy and then generate some invoice thingy and then generate some invoice thingy and then make sure you have all the fields make sure you have all the fields make sure you have all the fields covered. If you're anything like me, I covered. If you're anything like me, I covered. If you're anything like me, I am not very detail- oriented. I probably am not very detail- oriented. I probably am not very detail- oriented. I probably will make a really dumb mistake. So, as will make a really dumb mistake. So, as will make a really dumb mistake. So, as a safety net, you can actually upload a safety net, you can actually upload a safety net, you can actually upload this invoice into the AI along with the this invoice into the AI along with the this invoice into the AI along with the business expense policy and ask read business expense policy and ask read business expense policy and ask read each page of the attached business each page of the attached business each page of the attached business expense policy and see if the attached expense policy and see if the attached expense policy and see if the attached receipt complies with it. So many other receipt complies with it. So many other receipt complies with it. So many other examples of this. Every time you need to examples of this. Every time you need to examples of this. Every time you need to submit like an insurance claim, you need submit like an insurance claim, you need submit like an insurance claim, you need to like read some sort of document uh to like read some sort of document uh to like read some sort of document uh looking at like travel policy whatever looking at like travel policy whatever looking at like travel policy whatever like yeah so many examples of this. The like yeah so many examples of this. The like yeah so many examples of this. The next part of the framework for when to next part of the framework for when to next part of the framework for when to use AI for data analysis is the IEV use AI for data analysis is the IEV use AI for data analysis is the IEV which is inspire better problem solving which is inspire better problem solving which is inspire better problem solving and creativity. This is another thing. and creativity. This is another thing. and creativity. This is another thing. People always feel like AI is going to People always feel like AI is going to People always feel like AI is going to make people less creative and is going make people less creative and is going make people less creative and is going to take over creative things, but that to take over creative things, but that to take over creative things, but that is not the case. It's all about asking is not the case. It's all about asking is not the case. It's all about asking the right questions. Say, for example, the right questions. Say, for example, the right questions. Say, for example, you have a PowerPoint presentation that you have a PowerPoint presentation that you have a PowerPoint presentation that is really, really important. You can is really, really important. You can is really, really important. You can actually upload those slides into AI. actually upload those slides into AI. actually upload those slides into AI. Ask them to quickly summarize it and Ask them to quickly summarize it and Ask them to quickly summarize it and then ask it to act as a skeptic of then ask it to act as a skeptic of then ask it to act as a skeptic of everything I say in this presentation everything I say in this presentation everything I say in this presentation and find flaws, my assumptions, and find flaws, my assumptions, and find flaws, my assumptions, assertions, and other key points and assertions, and other key points and assertions, and other key points and then generate 10 hard questions for me. then generate 10 hard questions for me. then generate 10 hard questions for me. This is a way for you to actually force This is a way for you to actually force This is a way for you to actually force yourself to think about the questions yourself to think about the questions yourself to think about the questions that you could potentially be asked and that you could potentially be asked and that you could potentially be asked and come up with better ways and better come up with better ways and better come up with better ways and better solutions for answering them. People are solutions for answering them. People are solutions for answering them. People are actually very rigid creatures. We tend actually very rigid creatures. We tend actually very rigid creatures. We tend to think in a very specific way and it's to think in a very specific way and it's to think in a very specific way and it's very hard for us to actually expand past very hard for us to actually expand past very hard for us to actually expand past that. So using AI as a tool to help us that. So using AI as a tool to help us that. So using AI as a tool to help us expand our creativity is is actually expand our creativity is is actually expand our creativity is is actually really really helpful. And finally the really really helpful. And finally the really really helpful. And finally the last part of the framework for when you last part of the framework for when you last part of the framework for when you should be using AI for data analysis uh should be using AI for data analysis uh should be using AI for data analysis uh is the E, which is enable great ideas to is the E, which is enable great ideas to is the E, which is enable great ideas to scale faster. Let's go back to that scale faster. Let's go back to that scale faster. Let's go back to that workshop example. You're doing a workshop example. You're doing a workshop example. You're doing a workshop on prompt engineering and you workshop on prompt engineering and you workshop on prompt engineering and you have people coming from all types of have people coming from all types of have people coming from all types of different backgrounds um who are different backgrounds um who are different backgrounds um who are interested in all types of different interested in all types of different interested in all types of different things and all types of different things and all types of different things and all types of different levels. After you give the AI the signup levels. After you give the AI the signup levels. After you give the AI the signup form and analyze all the data about your form and analyze all the data about your form and analyze all the data about your participants, you want to create a cheat participants, you want to create a cheat participants, you want to create a cheat sheet for each of them that is most sheet for each of them that is most sheet for each of them that is most relevant to them. What you can actually relevant to them. What you can actually relevant to them. What you can actually do is ask the AI to map each attendee do is ask the AI to map each attendee do is ask the AI to map each attendee with their specific domain of interest with their specific domain of interest with their specific domain of interest and then generate a column called ideas and then generate a column called ideas and then generate a column called ideas that includes the corresponding that includes the corresponding that includes the corresponding idea/prompt idea/prompt idea/prompt um to put for their cheat sheet. This um to put for their cheat sheet. This um to put for their cheat sheet. This way now your CSV file for each attendee way now your CSV file for each attendee way now your CSV file for each attendee also contains a very specific prompt also contains a very specific prompt also contains a very specific prompt idea that is specific for that attendee. idea that is specific for that attendee. idea that is specific for that attendee. And then after the workshop, you can And then after the workshop, you can And then after the workshop, you can actually send them an email with their actually send them an email with their actually send them an email with their specific little cheat sheet. I'm sure specific little cheat sheet. I'm sure specific little cheat sheet. I'm sure you can see prior to AI, this would have you can see prior to AI, this would have you can see prior to AI, this would have been so hard to do if you have more than been so hard to do if you have more than been so hard to do if you have more than just like 10 attendees to be able to just like 10 attendees to be able to just like 10 attendees to be able to come up with like a custom cheat sheet come up with like a custom cheat sheet come up with like a custom cheat sheet for each person. So, whenever you're for each person. So, whenever you're for each person. So, whenever you're thinking about if you should use AI to thinking about if you should use AI to thinking about if you should use AI to do a certain analysis, you can think do a certain analysis, you can think do a certain analysis, you can think back to this acronym. Of course, I back to this acronym. Of course, I back to this acronym. Of course, I haven't yet covered exactly how it is haven't yet covered exactly how it is haven't yet covered exactly how it is that you should be approached to these that you should be approached to these that you should be approached to these analysis, which is what I'm going to be analysis, which is what I'm going to be analysis, which is what I'm going to be covering next. But first, let's do a little quiz. But first, let's do a little quiz. But first, let's do a little quiz. Please put your answers in the comments. Please put your answers in the comments. Please put your answers in the comments. This portion of the video is sponsored This portion of the video is sponsored This portion of the video is sponsored by LTX2, the new AI video engine for by LTX2, the new AI video engine for by LTX2, the new AI video engine for creative workflows. And this one creative workflows. And this one creative workflows. And this one honestly blew me away. What stood out to honestly blew me away. What stood out to honestly blew me away. What stood out to me isn't just the quality, it's how LTX2 me isn't just the quality, it's how LTX2 me isn't just the quality, it's how LTX2 can finally tell a story. And if you can finally tell a story. And if you can finally tell a story. And if you can't guess by my career choice, can't guess by my career choice, can't guess by my career choice, storytelling is is what I live for. Most storytelling is is what I live for. Most storytelling is is what I live for. Most AI video models just give you short AI video models just give you short AI video models just give you short looping clips. A few seconds that look looping clips. A few seconds that look looping clips. A few seconds that look great but don't really say much. LTX2 great but don't really say much. LTX2 great but don't really say much. LTX2 though can generate up to 15 seconds of though can generate up to 15 seconds of though can generate up to 15 seconds of continuous video with synchronized audio continuous video with synchronized audio continuous video with synchronized audio which means full monologues. which means full monologues. which means full monologues. &gt;&gt; Super villains also have feelings. &gt;&gt; Super villains also have feelings. &gt;&gt; Super villains also have feelings. &gt;&gt; Dialogues or even short scenes with &gt;&gt; Dialogues or even short scenes with &gt;&gt; Dialogues or even short scenes with music and natural sounds. [music] It's smooth, coherent, and feels It's smooth, coherent, and feels It's smooth, coherent, and feels cinematic. The kind of storytelling cinematic. The kind of storytelling cinematic. The kind of storytelling range that's missing from [music] AI range that's missing from [music] AI range that's missing from [music] AI video tools. As someone who's been video tools. As someone who's been video tools. As someone who's been creating content for over 5 years now, creating content for over 5 years now, creating content for over 5 years now, this one really impresses me. You can this one really impresses me. You can this one really impresses me. You can build short narratives, generate B-roll build short narratives, generate B-roll build short narratives, generate B-roll and snippets, or even cinematic and snippets, or even cinematic and snippets, or even cinematic transitions, all with a single prompt. transitions, all with a single prompt. transitions, all with a single prompt. You can now try out LTX2 to create your You can now try out LTX2 to create your You can now try out LTX2 to create your own AI videos. The link [music] is in own AI videos. The link [music] is in own AI videos. The link [music] is in the description. Thank you so much LTX2 the description. Thank you so much LTX2 the description. Thank you so much LTX2 for sponsoring this portion of the for sponsoring this portion of the for sponsoring this portion of the video. Now, back to the video. From the video. Now, back to the video. From the video. Now, back to the video. From the course, ChatBT Plus Excel, master data, course, ChatBT Plus Excel, master data, course, ChatBT Plus Excel, master data, make decisions, and tell stories. make decisions, and tell stories. make decisions, and tell stories. [music] There is a nice little acronym [music] There is a nice little acronym [music] There is a nice little acronym for how it is that you should be for how it is that you should be for how it is that you should be approaching data analysis [music] using approaching data analysis [music] using approaching data analysis [music] using AI called DIG, which stands for AI called DIG, which stands for AI called DIG, which stands for description, introspection, and goal description, introspection, and goal description, introspection, and goal setting. By the way, if you do have a setting. By the way, if you do have a setting. By the way, if you do have a little bit of background in data, like little bit of background in data, like little bit of background in data, like data science or data analysis, um it's data science or data analysis, um it's data science or data analysis, um it's basically the same as EDA, exploratory basically the same as EDA, exploratory basically the same as EDA, exploratory data analysis, but specifically for data analysis, but specifically for data analysis, but specifically for using AI. The first step of dig, which using AI. The first step of dig, which using AI. The first step of dig, which is describe, it's a way for you and the is describe, it's a way for you and the is describe, it's a way for you and the AI to explore the data together. [music] AI to explore the data together. [music] AI to explore the data together. [music] This step is very important because it This step is very important because it This step is very important because it helps both you and AI gain a familiarity helps both you and AI gain a familiarity helps both you and AI gain a familiarity for the data and to also notice if for the data and to also notice if for the data and to also notice if there's any issues with that data. This there's any issues with that data. This there's any issues with that data. This is going to help a lot with is going to help a lot with is going to help a lot with hallucinations and issues [music] down hallucinations and issues [music] down hallucinations and issues [music] down the road. So very similar to normal EDA the road. So very similar to normal EDA the road. So very similar to normal EDA processes, after you upload like a processes, after you upload like a processes, after you upload like a spreadsheet or whatever data it is that spreadsheet or whatever data it is that spreadsheet or whatever data it is that [music] you give to the AI, like let's [music] you give to the AI, like let's [music] you give to the AI, like let's just say like a spreadsheet in this just say like a spreadsheet in this just say like a spreadsheet in this case, you would ask the AI to list out case, you would ask the AI to list out case, you would ask the AI to list out the columns in the attached spreadsheet the columns in the attached spreadsheet the columns in the attached spreadsheet and show me a sample of the data in each and show me a sample of the data in each and show me a sample of the data in each column. For example, if your spreadsheet column. For example, if your spreadsheet column. For example, if your spreadsheet contains data about different roles um contains data about different roles um contains data about different roles um and different salaries, [music] the AI and different salaries, [music] the AI and different salaries, [music] the AI would be able to output and say, "Here would be able to output and say, "Here would be able to output and say, "Here are the columns for your spreadsheet are the columns for your spreadsheet are the columns for your spreadsheet along with a sample of the data for each along with a sample of the data for each along with a sample of the data for each [music] column." So the column name you [music] column." So the column name you [music] column." So the column name you could have like salary ID, job ID, max could have like salary ID, job ID, max could have like salary ID, job ID, max salary, med salary which is median salary, med salary which is median salary, med salary which is median salary, min salary, pay period, currency salary, min salary, pay period, currency salary, min salary, pay period, currency and compensation type. You can already and compensation type. You can already and compensation type. You can already notice that under max salary and min notice that under max salary and min notice that under max salary and min salary you have nan which is not salary you have nan which is not salary you have nan which is not available. This is important to note available. This is important to note available. This is important to note because hallucinations tend to happen because hallucinations tend to happen because hallucinations tend to happen when you have things like missing data when you have things like missing data when you have things like missing data or incorrectly formatted data. So if you or incorrectly formatted data. So if you or incorrectly formatted data. So if you see something like this, the first thing see something like this, the first thing see something like this, the first thing you actually want to do is to confirm you actually want to do is to confirm you actually want to do is to confirm that is it just that DAI [music] is not that is it just that DAI [music] is not that is it just that DAI [music] is not parsing your data correctly. So you parsing your data correctly. So you parsing your data correctly. So you actually want to go in and see like is actually want to go in and see like is actually want to go in and see like is it actually not available or is there it actually not available or is there it actually not available or is there like a parsing problem? And if there like a parsing problem? And if there like a parsing problem? And if there actually is a parsing problem, you want actually is a parsing problem, you want actually is a parsing problem, you want to then tell the AI, hey, you are to then tell the AI, hey, you are to then tell the AI, hey, you are parsing this incorrectly. This is parsing this incorrectly. This is parsing this incorrectly. This is actually how you should be parsing it. actually how you should be parsing it. actually how you should be parsing it. Or maybe the data is just not available. Or maybe the data is just not available. Or maybe the data is just not available. Then you just want to make a note of Then you just want to make a note of Then you just want to make a note of this for the future. We will get back to this for the future. We will get back to this for the future. We will get back to that. [music] But first, you actually that. [music] But first, you actually that. [music] But first, you actually want to do a few more random samples. want to do a few more random samples. want to do a few more random samples. Just ask your AI like take a couple more Just ask your AI like take a couple more Just ask your AI like take a couple more random samples of the data for each random samples of the data for each random samples of the data for each column. Make sure you understand the column. Make sure you understand the column. Make sure you understand the format and type of information in each format and type of information in each format and type of information in each column. What we're basically doing here column. What we're basically doing here column. What we're basically doing here is verifying that the data is being is verifying that the data is being is verifying that the data is being parsed correctly and the AI has correct parsed correctly and the AI has correct parsed correctly and the AI has correct understanding of each of these columns. understanding of each of these columns. understanding of each of these columns. You can even ask it what do you think You can even ask it what do you think You can even ask it what do you think each of these columns represent and it each of these columns represent and it each of these columns represent and it might tell you that salary ID appears to might tell you that salary ID appears to might tell you that salary ID appears to be a unique identifier for each entry. be a unique identifier for each entry. be a unique identifier for each entry. Job ID is likely unique identifier for Job ID is likely unique identifier for Job ID is likely unique identifier for jobs or position max salary, min salary jobs or position max salary, min salary jobs or position max salary, min salary and med salary not all entries have and med salary not all entries have and med salary not all entries have complete salary data etc etc. So this is complete salary data etc etc. So this is complete salary data etc etc. So this is a way for you to validate that the AI a way for you to validate that the AI a way for you to validate that the AI understands what's happening also that understands what's happening also that understands what's happening also that you understand what's happening. The you understand what's happening. The you understand what's happening. The best way to think about this is that best way to think about this is that best way to think about this is that your AI is a very competent but still your AI is a very competent but still your AI is a very competent but still very junior developer or data scientist very junior developer or data scientist very junior developer or data scientist or data analyst. So you need to make or data analyst. So you need to make or data analyst. So you need to make sure it understands what is the data sure it understands what is the data sure it understands what is the data that it's actually receiving. Otherwise that it's actually receiving. Otherwise that it's actually receiving. Otherwise any analysis that you do on top of this any analysis that you do on top of this any analysis that you do on top of this could potentially be wrong. So after you could potentially be wrong. So after you could potentially be wrong. So after you do this, you want to move on to the next do this, you want to move on to the next do this, you want to move on to the next step of the dig framework which is step of the dig framework which is step of the dig framework which is introspection. This is when you want the introspection. This is when you want the introspection. This is when you want the AI to start looking at the data that it AI to start looking at the data that it AI to start looking at the data that it finished describing [music] and think finished describing [music] and think finished describing [music] and think about the patterns and relationships about the patterns and relationships about the patterns and relationships that exist in the data. This is also that exist in the data. This is also that exist in the data. This is also another great way to catch any another great way to catch any another great way to catch any misconceptions that the AI may have. misconceptions that the AI may have. misconceptions that the AI may have. Notices were just being like very Notices were just being like very Notices were just being like very skeptical all the time. Very important. skeptical all the time. Very important. skeptical all the time. Very important. You can just ask tell me some You can just ask tell me some You can just ask tell me some interesting questions that could be interesting questions that could be interesting questions that could be answered with this data set and why they answered with this data set and why they answered with this data set and why they would be interesting. And it might come would be interesting. And it might come would be interesting. And it might come with some questions like is there a with some questions like is there a with some questions like is there a relationship between compensation type relationship between compensation type relationship between compensation type for example base salary and variability for example base salary and variability for example base salary and variability in salary ranges. It's saying why it's in salary ranges. It's saying why it's in salary ranges. It's saying why it's interesting is that understanding interesting is that understanding interesting is that understanding whether certain compensation types like whether certain compensation types like whether certain compensation types like bonuses or equity are more likely bonuses or equity are more likely bonuses or equity are more likely associated with higher salary ranges can associated with higher salary ranges can associated with higher salary ranges can help employees and employers make more help employees and employers make more help employees and employers make more informed decisions about how they informed decisions about how they informed decisions about how they structure pay packages. Here's a structure pay packages. Here's a structure pay packages. Here's a question that came up with that could be question that came up with that could be question that came up with that could be a red flag. The question is, are there a red flag. The question is, are there a red flag. The question is, are there any noticeable patterns in salary data any noticeable patterns in salary data any noticeable patterns in salary data for different currencies if additional for different currencies if additional for different currencies if additional currencies exist? So, when you see this, currencies exist? So, when you see this, currencies exist? So, when you see this, you want to think to yourself, oh, like, you want to think to yourself, oh, like, you want to think to yourself, oh, like, is there actually other currencies that is there actually other currencies that is there actually other currencies that exist? And you might want to double exist? And you might want to double exist? And you might want to double check yourself to see if if there's check yourself to see if if there's check yourself to see if if there's actually data that is not USD. In this actually data that is not USD. In this actually data that is not USD. In this case, there actually are no other case, there actually are no other case, there actually are no other currencies. So, that's when you want to currencies. So, that's when you want to currencies. So, that's when you want to tell the AI all currencies are actually tell the AI all currencies are actually tell the AI all currencies are actually listed in USD. [music] So, it knows that listed in USD. [music] So, it knows that listed in USD. [music] So, it knows that information moving forward. If you catch information moving forward. If you catch information moving forward. If you catch your AI asking questions like these or your AI asking questions like these or your AI asking questions like these or you're catch your AI like asking you're catch your AI like asking you're catch your AI like asking questions that you know cannot be questions that you know cannot be questions that you know cannot be answered by the data set and ask you to answered by the data set and ask you to answered by the data set and ask you to generate some more questions that can be generate some more questions that can be generate some more questions that can be answered from the data set. In this way answered from the data set. In this way answered from the data set. In this way you're really helping the AI and you're really helping the AI and you're really helping the AI and yourself make sure that you really yourself make sure that you really yourself make sure that you really understand what's happening in the data understand what's happening in the data understand what's happening in the data set. It's also actually quite a good set. It's also actually quite a good set. It's also actually quite a good exercise because sometimes AI will come exercise because sometimes AI will come exercise because sometimes AI will come up with different things and different up with different things and different up with different things and different analyses that you might have not have analyses that you might have not have analyses that you might have not have thought of doing. I know this might seem thought of doing. I know this might seem thought of doing. I know this might seem a little tedious and you just want to a little tedious and you just want to a little tedious and you just want to skip to like making graphs and charts skip to like making graphs and charts skip to like making graphs and charts and doing analysis, right? But do not and doing analysis, right? But do not and doing analysis, right? But do not skip [music] these steps, okay? Trust skip [music] these steps, okay? Trust skip [music] these steps, okay? Trust me. Because like that's the thing with me. Because like that's the thing with me. Because like that's the thing with data. It's one of those things where if data. It's one of those things where if data. It's one of those things where if you mess up, it will just propagate you mess up, it will just propagate you mess up, it will just propagate throughout your entire analysis. So it throughout your entire analysis. So it throughout your entire analysis. So it is really worth the effort to actually is really worth the effort to actually is really worth the effort to actually make sure that everything is understood make sure that everything is understood make sure that everything is understood correctly. And this is actually the same correctly. And this is actually the same correctly. And this is actually the same with humans too. It's not like an AI with humans too. It's not like an AI with humans too. It's not like an AI problem. Even when I was a data problem. Even when I was a data problem. Even when I was a data scientist, [music] I spent a significant scientist, [music] I spent a significant scientist, [music] I spent a significant amount of time doing exploratory data amount of time doing exploratory data amount of time doing exploratory data analysis, making sure that I understood analysis, making sure that I understood analysis, making sure that I understood exactly what was happening in data and exactly what was happening in data and exactly what was happening in data and clarifying all that information as well clarifying all that information as well clarifying all that information as well because I knew if I just like rush into because I knew if I just like rush into because I knew if I just like rush into things, I'll probably end up making a things, I'll probably end up making a things, I'll probably end up making a mistake and be very embarrassed when mistake and be very embarrassed when mistake and be very embarrassed when someone catches my mistake or worst case someone catches my mistake or worst case someone catches my mistake or worst case scenario get fired because I made a scenario get fired because I made a scenario get fired because I made a really dumb mistake and then, you know, really dumb mistake and then, you know, really dumb mistake and then, you know, lost the company a lot of money or lost the company a lot of money or lost the company a lot of money or something like that. Anyways, so after something like that. Anyways, so after something like that. Anyways, so after you do this, the third step of the you do this, the third step of the you do this, the third step of the [music] framework is goal setting. It's [music] framework is goal setting. It's [music] framework is goal setting. It's very important that your AI understands very important that your AI understands very important that your AI understands what it is that you're trying to what it is that you're trying to what it is that you're trying to achieve. Like if you just went like achieve. Like if you just went like achieve. Like if you just went like analyze this data, your AI is going to analyze this data, your AI is going to analyze this data, your AI is going to be like what what the heck like you know be like what what the heck like you know be like what what the heck like you know what does that even mean? What am I what does that even mean? What am I what does that even mean? What am I supposed to analyze? What's the result? supposed to analyze? What's the result? supposed to analyze? What's the result? So it's the same. You got to be like So it's the same. You got to be like So it's the same. You got to be like very clear about what the goal actually very clear about what the goal actually very clear about what the goal actually [music] is. So you could tell the AI, my [music] is. So you could tell the AI, my [music] is. So you could tell the AI, my goal is to answer a couple of these goal is to answer a couple of these goal is to answer a couple of these questions, the questions that you know questions, the questions that you know questions, the questions that you know it it [music] generated previously and it it [music] generated previously and it it [music] generated previously and turn them into a really exciting turn them into a really exciting turn them into a really exciting interesting report to post on LinkedIn. interesting report to post on LinkedIn. interesting report to post on LinkedIn. This really helps provide context This really helps provide context This really helps provide context because then your AI is able to do this because then your AI is able to do this because then your AI is able to do this analysis and then is able to do things analysis and then is able to do things analysis and then is able to do things like give you LinkedIn ideas how it is like give you LinkedIn ideas how it is like give you LinkedIn ideas how it is that you can put it together [music] in that you can put it together [music] in that you can put it together [music] in the form of LinkedIn. This is going to the form of LinkedIn. This is going to the form of LinkedIn. This is going to be very different if you were actually be very different if you were actually be very different if you were actually analyzing this data [music] analyzing this data [music] analyzing this data [music] in order to, you know, like do something in order to, you know, like do something in order to, you know, like do something very serious like generate like a report very serious like generate like a report very serious like generate like a report for your boss. This is also just part of for your boss. This is also just part of for your boss. This is also just part of good prompt engineering practices. So, good prompt engineering practices. So, good prompt engineering practices. So, if you do feel like you want to brush up if you do feel like you want to brush up if you do feel like you want to brush up your prompt engineering a little bit to your prompt engineering a little bit to your prompt engineering a little bit to be able to be more clear about what it be able to be more clear about what it be able to be more clear about what it is that you want, I do recommend that is that you want, I do recommend that is that you want, I do recommend that you check out a video that I have over you check out a video that I have over you check out a video that I have over here which covers the foundations of how here which covers the foundations of how here which covers the foundations of how to do good prompt engineering. So, check to do good prompt engineering. So, check to do good prompt engineering. So, check it out over here. Anyways, whenever you it out over here. Anyways, whenever you it out over here. Anyways, whenever you have a data set that you want AI to help have a data set that you want AI to help have a data set that you want AI to help you analyze, it would be really helpful you analyze, it would be really helpful you analyze, it would be really helpful for you to go through this dig for you to go through this dig for you to go through this dig framework. It is a really great framework. It is a really great framework. It is a really great foundation and you can build on top of foundation and you can build on top of foundation and you can build on top of this as well. [music] Now all the stuff this as well. [music] Now all the stuff this as well. [music] Now all the stuff that we talked about earlier uh is that we talked about earlier uh is that we talked about earlier uh is pretty standard for if you're doing any pretty standard for if you're doing any pretty standard for if you're doing any type of data analysis using like Excel, type of data analysis using like Excel, type of data analysis using like Excel, Python, SQL or whatever. It's just like Python, SQL or whatever. It's just like Python, SQL or whatever. It's just like maybe more convenient doing in a maybe more convenient doing in a maybe more convenient doing in a conversational fashion with AI. But conversational fashion with AI. But conversational fashion with AI. But there are certain things that you can do there are certain things that you can do there are certain things that you can do with AI that would be extremely with AI that would be extremely with AI that would be extremely difficult for you to do just using these difficult for you to do just using these difficult for you to do just using these traditional tools. Like for example, if traditional tools. Like for example, if traditional tools. Like for example, if you're job hunting right now and you you're job hunting right now and you you're job hunting right now and you have access to this data set, you could have access to this data set, you could have access to this data set, you could be thinking like, oh, like I'm looking be thinking like, oh, like I'm looking be thinking like, oh, like I'm looking for a job that is between like 50 to for a job that is between like 50 to for a job that is between like 50 to $80,000 based on the East Coast and $80,000 based on the East Coast and $80,000 based on the East Coast and specifically works with [music] wood. I specifically works with [music] wood. I specifically works with [music] wood. I don't know, something like that, right? don't know, something like that, right? don't know, something like that, right? So in this data, there is no specific So in this data, there is no specific So in this data, there is no specific section that's like works with section that's like works with section that's like works with wood/notwork with wood, you know, or wood/notwork with wood, you know, or wood/notwork with wood, you know, or [music] like materials that you're [music] like materials that you're [music] like materials that you're working with. And it also doesn't working with. And it also doesn't working with. And it also doesn't specify like is it east coast or west specify like is it east coast or west specify like is it east coast or west coast. It's just like the location like coast. It's just like the location like coast. It's just like the location like Chicago, [music] right? But because of Chicago, [music] right? But because of Chicago, [music] right? But because of Genai's capabilities, you're able to Genai's capabilities, you're able to Genai's capabilities, you're able to like filter through this data um in a like filter through this data um in a like filter through this data um in a way that's far more intelligent to be way that's far more intelligent to be way that's far more intelligent to be able to find the rules [music] that you able to find the rules [music] that you able to find the rules [music] that you could be potentially interested in. This could be potentially interested in. This could be potentially interested in. This would be so hard to do if you didn't would be so hard to do if you didn't would be so hard to do if you didn't have Genai. And later on in the video, I have Genai. And later on in the video, I have Genai. And later on in the video, I have a lot more examples which I'll show have a lot more examples which I'll show have a lot more examples which I'll show you uh like Genai specific really cool you uh like Genai specific really cool you uh like Genai specific really cool data analysis things that you can do. data analysis things that you can do. data analysis things that you can do. There's also one more thing that I There's also one more thing that I There's also one more thing that I thought was really cool in this module thought was really cool in this module thought was really cool in this module of the course, which is the idea of of the course, which is the idea of of the course, which is the idea of traceability and replication. I thought traceability and replication. I thought traceability and replication. I thought this was like super clever because a this was like super clever because a this was like super clever because a major issue that people face when doing major issue that people face when doing major issue that people face when doing traditional data analysis is that they traditional data analysis is that they traditional data analysis is that they would like come up with some sort of would like come up with some sort of would like come up with some sort of thing and then it would be stuck in like thing and then it would be stuck in like thing and then it would be stuck in like a Jupyter notebook or like whatever and a Jupyter notebook or like whatever and a Jupyter notebook or like whatever and it would actually be very difficult for it would actually be very difficult for it would actually be very difficult for other people to reproduce that analysis. other people to reproduce that analysis. other people to reproduce that analysis. [music] But with AI, you can actually [music] But with AI, you can actually [music] But with AI, you can actually ask AI to come up with a traceability ask AI to come up with a traceability ask AI to come up with a traceability document that allows other people to be document that allows other people to be document that allows other people to be able to perform the same analysis to able to perform the same analysis to able to perform the same analysis to validate the results. You [music] can validate the results. You [music] can validate the results. You [music] can ask let's create a traceability document ask let's create a traceability document ask let's create a traceability document to make sure that others can one know to make sure that others can one know to make sure that others can one know what data was used two how the analysis what data was used two how the analysis what data was used two how the analysis was performed and three threats to was performed and three threats to was performed and three threats to validity. We want a guide for someone validity. We want a guide for someone validity. We want a guide for someone else to be able to replicate and know else to be able to replicate and know else to be able to replicate and know the limitations of the analysis. You can the limitations of the analysis. You can the limitations of the analysis. You can you can save this traceability you can save this traceability you can save this traceability information as like a readme.md. Uh information as like a readme.md. Uh information as like a readme.md. Uh don't worry if you don't know what that don't worry if you don't know what that don't worry if you don't know what that is. It's just very common for software is. It's just very common for software is. It's just very common for software engineers to be able to store it this engineers to be able to store it this engineers to be able to store it this way but you can kind of store it like a way but you can kind of store it like a way but you can kind of store it like a word document whatever doesn't actually word document whatever doesn't actually word document whatever doesn't actually matter. And then for each analysis and matter. And then for each analysis and matter. And then for each analysis and visualization, you can actually ask it visualization, you can actually ask it visualization, you can actually ask it to write a [music] single Python script to write a [music] single Python script to write a [music] single Python script that performs the full analysis to that performs the full analysis to that performs the full analysis to produce the visualization and the produce the visualization and the produce the visualization and the results. I think it's a really really results. I think it's a really really results. I think it's a really really clever idea and really smart thing to do clever idea and really smart thing to do clever idea and really smart thing to do if you're doing any type of data if you're doing any type of data if you're doing any type of data analysis using AI. analysis using AI. analysis using AI. All right, time for our next little All right, time for our next little All right, time for our next little quiz. Please answer the questions on quiz. Please answer the questions on quiz. Please answer the questions on screen in the comments. Yay. Okay, we screen in the comments. Yay. Okay, we screen in the comments. Yay. Okay, we can move on to some examples. I'm really can move on to some examples. I'm really can move on to some examples. I'm really excited for this section. First example excited for this section. First example excited for this section. First example is super simple but is actually really is super simple but is actually really is super simple but is actually really helpful is it's pretty much like any helpful is it's pretty much like any helpful is it's pretty much like any type of small document you can just type of small document you can just type of small document you can just directly upload do dig on it and then directly upload do dig on it and then directly upload do dig on it and then have it proceed to analyze that have it proceed to analyze that have it proceed to analyze that information and transform it in whatever information and transform it in whatever information and transform it in whatever way like if you have structure data like way like if you have structure data like way like if you have structure data like say you have a CSV form that has like say you have a CSV form that has like say you have a CSV form that has like all the different types of inventory all the different types of inventory all the different types of inventory throughout the past few months you can throughout the past few months you can throughout the past few months you can ask it to filter it for different types ask it to filter it for different types ask it to filter it for different types of inventories you can ask it what are of inventories you can ask it what are of inventories you can ask it what are the trends in the inventories over time the trends in the inventories over time the trends in the inventories over time are there certain items that are are there certain items that are are there certain items that are becoming more popular certain items that becoming more popular certain items that becoming more popular certain items that are becoming less popular maybe you want are becoming less popular maybe you want are becoming less popular maybe you want to like remove those if there's too much to like remove those if there's too much to like remove those if there's too much of that in the inventory. You can even of that in the inventory. You can even of that in the inventory. You can even ask to come up with a predictive model ask to come up with a predictive model ask to come up with a predictive model to see what are the inventories that you to see what are the inventories that you to see what are the inventories that you should be stocking for the next few should be stocking for the next few should be stocking for the next few months so that you're able to optimize months so that you're able to optimize months so that you're able to optimize [music] the amount of inventory so you [music] the amount of inventory so you [music] the amount of inventory so you don't have too much and you also don't don't have too much and you also don't don't have too much and you also don't have too little. You can also do have too little. You can also do have too little. You can also do visualizations both static visualizations both static visualizations both static visualizations. You might want to make a visualizations. You might want to make a visualizations. You might want to make a bar [music] chart that's ranking all the bar [music] chart that's ranking all the bar [music] chart that's ranking all the different types of inventory that you different types of inventory that you different types of inventory that you have. You might want to make a time have. You might want to make a time have. You might want to make a time series graph over time. What are the series graph over time. What are the series graph over time. What are the changes inventory? And you can also make changes inventory? And you can also make changes inventory? And you can also make dashboards as well, interactive dashboards as well, interactive dashboards as well, interactive dashboards. for this specific one. Cloud dashboards. for this specific one. Cloud dashboards. for this specific one. Cloud as of [music] the filming of this video as of [music] the filming of this video as of [music] the filming of this video um is a lot better than the other models um is a lot better than the other models um is a lot better than the other models to create interactive dashboards. It to create interactive dashboards. It to create interactive dashboards. It also usually is the best at writing the also usually is the best at writing the also usually is the best at writing the code as well in order to do the analysis code as well in order to do the analysis code as well in order to do the analysis and it tends to hallucinate less. Again, and it tends to hallucinate less. Again, and it tends to hallucinate less. Again, this is at the time of this filming, this is at the time of this filming, this is at the time of this filming, [music] so I don't know if this is going [music] so I don't know if this is going [music] so I don't know if this is going to change in the future, but just FYI, to change in the future, but just FYI, to change in the future, but just FYI, AI data analysis with different media AI data analysis with different media AI data analysis with different media forms is also a really cool application. forms is also a really cool application. forms is also a really cool application. For example, you can have like a video For example, you can have like a video For example, you can have like a video and you can ask it to extract 10 [music] and you can ask it to extract 10 [music] and you can ask it to extract 10 [music] frames from this video evenly spaced out frames from this video evenly spaced out frames from this video evenly spaced out from 1 second apart. Then you can ask it from 1 second apart. Then you can ask it from 1 second apart. Then you can ask it to take these images, resize the images, to take these images, resize the images, to take these images, resize the images, make it like 300 pixels wide and say make it like 300 pixels wide and say make it like 300 pixels wide and say convert it to grayscale and increase convert it to grayscale and increase convert it to grayscale and increase contrast by 30%. You can ask it to do contrast by 30%. You can ask it to do contrast by 30%. You can ask it to do things like combining the images to things like combining the images to things like combining the images to animated GIFs that flip the to the next animated GIFs that flip the to the next animated GIFs that flip the to the next image at 1second intervals. You can ask image at 1second intervals. You can ask image at 1second intervals. You can ask you to turn the images into PowerPoint you to turn the images into PowerPoint you to turn the images into PowerPoint presentations and then catalog all of presentations and then catalog all of presentations and then catalog all of the images into a CSV file with the name the images into a CSV file with the name the images into a CSV file with the name of the image and the name of the movie of the image and the name of the movie of the image and the name of the movie file that the image was extracted from file that the image was extracted from file that the image was extracted from and the operations applied to it. So and the operations applied to it. So and the operations applied to it. So really really cool that you can really really cool that you can really really cool that you can manipulate uh multimedia using AI. Prior manipulate uh multimedia using AI. Prior manipulate uh multimedia using AI. Prior to AI, this would have been so difficult to AI, this would have been so difficult to AI, this would have been so difficult to do. Another example of data analysis to do. Another example of data analysis to do. Another example of data analysis using AI is by automating things using using AI is by automating things using using AI is by automating things using zip files. Zip files are very, very zip files. Zip files are very, very zip files. Zip files are very, very convenient and they're amazing because convenient and they're amazing because convenient and they're amazing because not only are you able to put a lot of not only are you able to put a lot of not only are you able to put a lot of different files into a single zip file, different files into a single zip file, different files into a single zip file, you're also able to maintain folder you're also able to maintain folder you're also able to maintain folder hierarchy in the zip files themselves, hierarchy in the zip files themselves, hierarchy in the zip files themselves, which means that you can actually zip which means that you can actually zip which means that you can actually zip together a bunch of different files together a bunch of different files together a bunch of different files together and ask the AI to mass analyze together and ask the AI to mass analyze together and ask the AI to mass analyze them all together. So you can have them all together. So you can have them all together. So you can have multiple Excel files that you're telling multiple Excel files that you're telling multiple Excel files that you're telling it to combine and search and do whatever it to combine and search and do whatever it to combine and search and do whatever with it. Then afterwards, you can build with it. Then afterwards, you can build with it. Then afterwards, you can build all back together and then send it back all back together and then send it back all back together and then send it back to you. Also, Grave, if you need help to you. Also, Grave, if you need help to you. Also, Grave, if you need help organizing different files, you can ask organizing different files, you can ask organizing different files, you can ask the AI, one, I want you to help figure the AI, one, I want you to help figure the AI, one, I want you to help figure out what is in them by opening and out what is in them by opening and out what is in them by opening and reading each one to create a summary. reading each one to create a summary. reading each one to create a summary. Two, I want you to propose a folder Two, I want you to propose a folder Two, I want you to propose a folder structure that would better organize the structure that would better organize the structure that would better organize the files. Three, I want you to propose files. Three, I want you to propose files. Three, I want you to propose better naming for each file using just A better naming for each file using just A better naming for each file using just A to Z and 0 to9, keeping the extensions. to Z and 0 to9, keeping the extensions. to Z and 0 to9, keeping the extensions. And four, when you have all of this And four, when you have all of this And four, when you have all of this done, show me your proposed folder done, show me your proposed folder done, show me your proposed folder structure and name. Then it's going to structure and name. Then it's going to structure and name. Then it's going to do that. And then finally, once you're do that. And then finally, once you're do that. And then finally, once you're happy with it, you can ask her to zip happy with it, you can ask her to zip happy with it, you can ask her to zip everything up again and then send it everything up again and then send it everything up again and then send it back to you and and voila, everything is back to you and and voila, everything is back to you and and voila, everything is well organized and beautiful. And the well organized and beautiful. And the well organized and beautiful. And the final example I'm going to show from the final example I'm going to show from the final example I'm going to show from the course is a little bit more advanced, course is a little bit more advanced, course is a little bit more advanced, but so cool. This is when you can but so cool. This is when you can but so cool. This is when you can actually turn conversations into actually turn conversations into actually turn conversations into software programs. Let me explain. So, software programs. Let me explain. So, software programs. Let me explain. So, say for example, you have like a say for example, you have like a say for example, you have like a sequence of analyses that you did, sequence of analyses that you did, sequence of analyses that you did, right? Like for example, maybe you have right? Like for example, maybe you have right? Like for example, maybe you have like some sort of movie and then you ask like some sort of movie and then you ask like some sort of movie and then you ask it to get like 10 frames from this movie it to get like 10 frames from this movie it to get like 10 frames from this movie spaced 1 second apart. uh maximized it, spaced 1 second apart. uh maximized it, spaced 1 second apart. uh maximized it, I don't know, like did some photo I don't know, like did some photo I don't know, like did some photo manipulations on it um and then combine manipulations on it um and then combine manipulations on it um and then combine them together and then generate some them together and then generate some them together and then generate some descriptions for it and then put them descriptions for it and then put them descriptions for it and then put them all together into a CSV [music] file. all together into a CSV [music] file. all together into a CSV [music] file. You can then ask the AI, turn this You can then ask the AI, turn this You can then ask the AI, turn this process into a Python program that I can process into a Python program that I can process into a Python program that I can download and run on my computer and download and run on my computer and download and run on my computer and provide the path to the documents as provide the path to the documents as provide the path to the documents as command line arguments. Zip up the command line arguments. Zip up the command line arguments. Zip up the program for me to download and then it program for me to download and then it program for me to download and then it can literally go and actually like write can literally go and actually like write can literally go and actually like write a script that performs all of [music] a script that performs all of [music] a script that performs all of [music] these different steps and then put them these different steps and then put them these different steps and then put them all together in an executable program. all together in an executable program. all together in an executable program. That is so cool. You can literally do That is so cool. You can literally do That is so cool. You can literally do this for any sequence of analyses that this for any sequence of analyses that this for any sequence of analyses that you do. You can just like automate it you do. You can just like automate it you do. You can just like automate it like that. At least for me, that blows like that. At least for me, that blows like that. At least for me, that blows my mind. That is so cool. my mind. That is so cool. my mind. That is so cool. [music] All right. All right. I can [music] All right. All right. I can [music] All right. All right. I can literally go on forever, but I'm gonna literally go on forever, but I'm gonna literally go on forever, but I'm gonna stop for this section for now and I'm stop for this section for now and I'm stop for this section for now and I'm going to put the next little quiz onto going to put the next little quiz onto going to put the next little quiz onto the screen. Please answer these the screen. Please answer these the screen. Please answer these questions and put them in the comments. questions and put them in the comments. questions and put them in the comments. Okay. So, I wanted to include this final Okay. So, I wanted to include this final Okay. So, I wanted to include this final section because I wanted to make sure section because I wanted to make sure section because I wanted to make sure that you understand that just doing the that you understand that just doing the that you understand that just doing the analysis using AI, you don't need to analysis using AI, you don't need to analysis using AI, you don't need to stop there. There's actually so much stop there. There's actually so much stop there. There's actually so much more that you can you can do on top of more that you can you can do on top of more that you can you can do on top of that. From the examples that we already that. From the examples that we already that. From the examples that we already seen, we [music] can take this data seen, we [music] can take this data seen, we [music] can take this data analysis and then use it to generate analysis and then use it to generate analysis and then use it to generate emails, use it to make like social emails, use it to make like social emails, use it to make like social posts, use it to generate reports, posts, use it to generate reports, posts, use it to generate reports, PowerPoint slides, even build software PowerPoint slides, even build software PowerPoint slides, even build software programs and dashboards. But that's not programs and dashboards. But that's not programs and dashboards. But that's not all. You can even build full-on all. You can even build full-on all. You can even build full-on applications based upon these analyses. applications based upon these analyses. applications based upon these analyses. And no, you don't actually need to know And no, you don't actually need to know And no, you don't actually need to know how to code. You can just use pipe how to code. You can just use pipe how to code. You can just use pipe coding. Say you've analyzed a lot of coding. Say you've analyzed a lot of coding. Say you've analyzed a lot of traffic data. You can actually make this traffic data. You can actually make this traffic data. You can actually make this into an application that analyzes into an application that analyzes into an application that analyzes real-time traffic data and then like I real-time traffic data and then like I real-time traffic data and then like I don't know gives alerts to people. uh don't know gives alerts to people. uh don't know gives alerts to people. uh where generates reports based upon where generates reports based upon where generates reports based upon traffic incidents. You can have traffic incidents. You can have traffic incidents. You can have application that's able to take videos application that's able to take videos application that's able to take videos and blur out people's faces or like and blur out people's faces or like and blur out people's faces or like different identifications within the different identifications within the different identifications within the video. Here's an example of an video. Here's an example of an video. Here's an example of an investment research AI agent uh that investment research AI agent uh that investment research AI agent uh that people who join our AI agents boot camp people who join our AI agents boot camp people who join our AI agents boot camp will build that has an entire database will build that has an entire database will build that has an entire database with information about investments and with information about investments and with information about investments and it has this interface where the user is it has this interface where the user is it has this interface where the user is able to ask it specific questions and it able to ask it specific questions and it able to ask it specific questions and it will analyze that data to generate will analyze that data to generate will analyze that data to generate certain types of responses, certain types of responses, certain types of responses, conversations and reports. Yeah, there conversations and reports. Yeah, there conversations and reports. Yeah, there is so much that you can do. Data truly is so much that you can do. Data truly is so much that you can do. Data truly is power and being able to analyze and is power and being able to analyze and is power and being able to analyze and harness that power by using AI just harness that power by using AI just harness that power by using AI just opens up so many possibilities. All opens up so many possibilities. All opens up so many possibilities. All right, [music] I'm going to stop here. right, [music] I'm going to stop here. right, [music] I'm going to stop here. If you do want to dive into how to If you do want to dive into how to If you do want to dive into how to actually build out these like actually build out these like actually build out these like applications, agents, and things like applications, agents, and things like applications, agents, and things like that, I'll link a few videos in the that, I'll link a few videos in the that, I'll link a few videos in the description that you can check out that description that you can check out that description that you can check out that goes into a lot more detail about how to goes into a lot more detail about how to goes into a lot more detail about how to do this. But for this video, I'm going do this. But for this video, I'm going do this. But for this video, I'm going [music] to end it for now. I really hope [music] to end it for now. I really hope [music] to end it for now. I really hope that this was a very helpful video for that this was a very helpful video for that this was a very helpful video for you and you have lots of ideas for how you and you have lots of ideas for how you and you have lots of ideas for how to analyze your data now using [music] to analyze your data now using [music] to analyze your data now using [music] AI. Vibe data analysis. As promised, AI. Vibe data analysis. As promised, AI. Vibe data analysis. As promised, here is the final little assessment. here is the final little assessment. here is the final little assessment. Please answer the questions on screen Please answer the questions on screen Please answer the questions on screen and put them into the comments. Thank and put them into the comments. Thank and put them into the comments. Thank you so much for watching until the end you so much for watching until the end you so much for watching until the end of this video and I will see you in the of this video and I will see you in the of this video and I will see you in the next video or live stream.
