Workflow Builder is a self-s served tool Workflow Builder is a self-s served tool Workflow Builder is a self-s served tool that empowers innovation teams to build that empowers innovation teams to build that empowers innovation teams to build their own AI powered workflows tailored their own AI powered workflows tailored their own AI powered workflows tailored to the way their organizations actually to the way their organizations actually to the way their organizations actually work. Let's build an example workflow work. Let's build an example workflow work. Let's build an example workflow that uses conditional logic to analyze a that uses conditional logic to analyze a that uses conditional logic to analyze a supply agreement and tailor the output supply agreement and tailor the output supply agreement and tailor the output based on whether you're representing the based on whether you're representing the based on whether you're representing the buyer or the supplier. buyer or the supplier. buyer or the supplier. The first step for any workflow is The first step for any workflow is The first step for any workflow is giving it a name, tags, and a giving it a name, tags, and a giving it a name, tags, and a description. This helps others description. This helps others description. This helps others understand what it does and how to find understand what it does and how to find understand what it does and how to find it once published. it once published. it once published. Click add step to start building your Click add step to start building your Click add step to start building your workflow. We'll start with a file upload workflow. We'll start with a file upload workflow. We'll start with a file upload block that asks the user to submit the block that asks the user to submit the block that asks the user to submit the agreement to analyze. You can specify agreement to analyze. You can specify agreement to analyze. You can specify both the number and type of files both the number and type of files both the number and type of files allowed. Give this file a descriptive allowed. Give this file a descriptive allowed. Give this file a descriptive label so you can easily reference it as label so you can easily reference it as label so you can easily reference it as context later in the workflow. Next, context later in the workflow. Next, context later in the workflow. Next, we'll add a selection list block that we'll add a selection list block that we'll add a selection list block that asks the user, are you representing the asks the user, are you representing the asks the user, are you representing the buyer or the supplier? We can use the buyer or the supplier? We can use the buyer or the supplier? We can use the conditional block to route the user conditional block to route the user conditional block to route the user based on their response. Each track can based on their response. Each track can based on their response. Each track can be designed to reflect how your firm be designed to reflect how your firm be designed to reflect how your firm approaches buyer and supplier side approaches buyer and supplier side approaches buyer and supplier side analysis. Let's build the buyer track analysis. Let's build the buyer track analysis. Let's build the buyer track first. We'll add a prompt block asking first. We'll add a prompt block asking first. We'll add a prompt block asking Harvey to identify the top 10 red flags Harvey to identify the top 10 red flags Harvey to identify the top 10 red flags for the buyer and to propose amendments for the buyer and to propose amendments for the buyer and to propose amendments that would improve buyer flexibility. that would improve buyer flexibility. that would improve buyer flexibility. You can structure this prompt to reflect You can structure this prompt to reflect You can structure this prompt to reflect the kinds of insights your firm the kinds of insights your firm the kinds of insights your firm typically surfaces in these agreements. typically surfaces in these agreements. typically surfaces in these agreements. We'll anchor the prompt in the supply We'll anchor the prompt in the supply We'll anchor the prompt in the supply agreement context. You have the agreement context. You have the agreement context. You have the flexibility to select the most flexibility to select the most flexibility to select the most appropriate model for the task or allow appropriate model for the task or allow appropriate model for the task or allow Harvey to optimize the choice for you. Harvey to optimize the choice for you. Harvey to optimize the choice for you. Let's label the resulting output buyer Let's label the resulting output buyer Let's label the resulting output buyer analysis. We end this track with a analysis. We end this track with a analysis. We end this track with a response block that displays the response block that displays the response block that displays the analysis to the user. Now, let's create analysis to the user. Now, let's create analysis to the user. Now, let's create the supplier track. This prompt asks the supplier track. This prompt asks the supplier track. This prompt asks Harvey to both identify where buyer Harvey to both identify where buyer Harvey to both identify where buyer obligations could be expanded and assess obligations could be expanded and assess obligations could be expanded and assess clauses where the supplier's clauses where the supplier's clauses where the supplier's responsibility could be limited. Here, responsibility could be limited. Here, responsibility could be limited. Here, we also can ask Harvey to suggest we also can ask Harvey to suggest we also can ask Harvey to suggest alternative language for warranty alternative language for warranty alternative language for warranty liability and indemnity clauses modeled liability and indemnity clauses modeled liability and indemnity clauses modeled after the language your firm prefers to after the language your firm prefers to after the language your firm prefers to use or recommend. In these scenarios, use or recommend. In these scenarios, use or recommend. In these scenarios, we'll again use the supply agreement as we'll again use the supply agreement as we'll again use the supply agreement as context and label the output supplier context and label the output supplier context and label the output supplier analysis. analysis. analysis. We'll finish this track with a response We'll finish this track with a response We'll finish this track with a response block to display the analysis block to display the analysis block to display the analysis before sharing. You can test your before sharing. You can test your before sharing. You can test your workflow end to end to ensure it workflow end to end to ensure it workflow end to end to ensure it reflects your firm's standards and reflects your firm's standards and reflects your firm's standards and delivers results aligned with your best delivers results aligned with your best delivers results aligned with your best practices. Let's run the workflow and practices. Let's run the workflow and practices. Let's run the workflow and see both paths in action. When buyer is see both paths in action. When buyer is see both paths in action. When buyer is selected, Harvey generates a clear list selected, Harvey generates a clear list selected, Harvey generates a clear list of red flags and proposed amendments, of red flags and proposed amendments, of red flags and proposed amendments, each backed by citations. You can easily each backed by citations. You can easily each backed by citations. You can easily export or share the results for further export or share the results for further export or share the results for further review. When supplier is selected, review. When supplier is selected, review. When supplier is selected, Harvey not only provides the same clause Harvey not only provides the same clause Harvey not only provides the same clause level analysis, but also offers refined level analysis, but also offers refined level analysis, but also offers refined language for warranties, liability, and language for warranties, liability, and language for warranties, liability, and indemnity clauses, plus a summary table indemnity clauses, plus a summary table indemnity clauses, plus a summary table for quick comparison and decision-m. for quick comparison and decision-m. for quick comparison and decision-m. You also control who can view, run, or You also control who can view, run, or You also control who can view, run, or edit each workflow, giving you full edit each workflow, giving you full edit each workflow, giving you full oversight of how it's used. oversight of how it's used. oversight of how it's used. When you're ready, hit publish to make When you're ready, hit publish to make When you're ready, hit publish to make it available across your organization. it available across your organization. it available across your organization. You can come back and update and refine You can come back and update and refine You can come back and update and refine your workflow anytime. That's just one your workflow anytime. That's just one your workflow anytime. That's just one example of the power of workflow example of the power of workflow example of the power of workflow builder. If you can define the process, builder. If you can define the process, builder. If you can define the process, you can build the workflow.
