uh fun paper, emergent hierarchical uh fun paper, emergent hierarchical uh fun paper, emergent hierarchical reasoning, kind of continues the thread reasoning, kind of continues the thread reasoning, kind of continues the thread that we've been talking about a couple that we've been talking about a couple that we've been talking about a couple weeks now. Um reflective of the fact weeks now. Um reflective of the fact weeks now. Um reflective of the fact that more and more people are kind of that more and more people are kind of that more and more people are kind of exploring hierarchies. Um exploring hierarchies. Um exploring hierarchies. Um makes a lot of sense why we would want makes a lot of sense why we would want makes a lot of sense why we would want to do this. Um hierarchies present a way to do this. Um hierarchies present a way to do this. Um hierarchies present a way to explore the reasoning space more to explore the reasoning space more to explore the reasoning space more efficiently, um more diversely. Um, they efficiently, um more diversely. Um, they efficiently, um more diversely. Um, they also seem to be reflective of human also seem to be reflective of human also seem to be reflective of human reasoning in some handwavy patterns. Um, reasoning in some handwavy patterns. Um, reasoning in some handwavy patterns. Um, and this is yet another approach. I and this is yet another approach. I and this is yet another approach. I think like all approaches before it, uh, think like all approaches before it, uh, think like all approaches before it, uh, we're going to find some things that we're going to find some things that we're going to find some things that that don't make the most sense, but I that don't make the most sense, but I that don't make the most sense, but I think overall I really like the paper. think overall I really like the paper. think overall I really like the paper. So, uh, hope you guys hope you guys So, uh, hope you guys hope you guys So, uh, hope you guys hope you guys enjoy it. Um, the link is in the enjoy it. Um, the link is in the enjoy it. Um, the link is in the Discord. Discord. Discord. Um, Um, Um, okay. So this was a paper um from HKUS okay. So this was a paper um from HKUS okay. So this was a paper um from HKUS Shingua University of Wateroo and like Shingua University of Wateroo and like Shingua University of Wateroo and like most of these reasoning papers they kind most of these reasoning papers they kind most of these reasoning papers they kind of start out by saying of start out by saying of start out by saying oh well the human hierarchically reasons oh well the human hierarchically reasons oh well the human hierarchically reasons as like here's like a vague picture of as like here's like a vague picture of as like here's like a vague picture of the human brain and we have kind of the the human brain and we have kind of the the human brain and we have kind of the prefrontal cortex that's being prefrontal cortex that's being prefrontal cortex that's being highlighted and then you know really the highlighted and then you know really the highlighted and then you know really the highest level of decision- making I have highest level of decision- making I have highest level of decision- making I have this problem um and they asked the this problem um and they asked the this problem um and they asked the question. How can we induce this in question. How can we induce this in question. How can we induce this in models? And like what does this tell us models? And like what does this tell us models? And like what does this tell us about models ability to solve problems about models ability to solve problems about models ability to solve problems and get problems correct and and and and get problems correct and and and and get problems correct and and and reason on their own? reason on their own? reason on their own? Um so Um so Um so first of all, their whole thing is kind first of all, their whole thing is kind first of all, their whole thing is kind of premised around of premised around of premised around kind of flat reasoning threads. So this kind of flat reasoning threads. So this kind of flat reasoning threads. So this is kind of a reasoning thread. We might is kind of a reasoning thread. We might is kind of a reasoning thread. We might be very familiar with uh a very standard be very familiar with uh a very standard be very familiar with uh a very standard reasoning thread from a model like Quen reasoning thread from a model like Quen reasoning thread from a model like Quen or something. And what they notice in or something. And what they notice in or something. And what they notice in this reasoning thread is that there are this reasoning thread is that there are this reasoning thread is that there are some phrases some phrases some phrases like these blue any any of the colored like these blue any any of the colored like these blue any any of the colored phrases are kind of indicative of what phrases are kind of indicative of what phrases are kind of indicative of what they call a plan. So these are planner they call a plan. So these are planner they call a plan. So these are planner tokens. Um and then the black tokens are tokens. Um and then the black tokens are tokens. Um and then the black tokens are kind of the execution of that plan. kind of the execution of that plan. kind of the execution of that plan. That's their basic premise um that if we That's their basic premise um that if we That's their basic premise um that if we could just identify could just identify could just identify which tokens kind of signal that the which tokens kind of signal that the which tokens kind of signal that the model is thinking hierarchically or model is thinking hierarchically or model is thinking hierarchically or thinking in a in in a planning oriented thinking in a in in a planning oriented thinking in a in in a planning oriented mode then we can do something to tweak mode then we can do something to tweak mode then we can do something to tweak their emergence or tweak their kind of their emergence or tweak their kind of their emergence or tweak their kind of greater greater explorations by the greater greater explorations by the greater greater explorations by the model. model. model. um um um they talk about a couple different kinds they talk about a couple different kinds they talk about a couple different kinds of plans, although they don't really of plans, although they don't really of plans, although they don't really touch on it for the whole rest of the touch on it for the whole rest of the touch on it for the whole rest of the paper, but um just to to help solidify paper, but um just to to help solidify paper, but um just to to help solidify this this notion. I mean, they talk this this notion. I mean, they talk this this notion. I mean, they talk about logical deductions. So, all of the about logical deductions. So, all of the about logical deductions. So, all of the light blue, you know, let's look at I light blue, you know, let's look at I light blue, you know, let's look at I noticed that are kind of planning tokens noticed that are kind of planning tokens noticed that are kind of planning tokens that indicate that the model is about to that indicate that the model is about to that indicate that the model is about to start doing some logical deduction. start doing some logical deduction. start doing some logical deduction. Um they talk about branching. So the Um they talk about branching. So the Um they talk about branching. So the darker blue are are kind of planning darker blue are are kind of planning darker blue are are kind of planning tokens that indicate that the model is tokens that indicate that the model is tokens that indicate that the model is about to try something different or about to try something different or about to try something different or maybe consider two different approaches maybe consider two different approaches maybe consider two different approaches at the same time. And then they also at the same time. And then they also at the same time. And then they also consider backtracking consider backtracking consider backtracking which is kind of a planning indication which is kind of a planning indication which is kind of a planning indication that the model is about to that the model is about to that the model is about to revise what it's been reasoning about, revise what it's been reasoning about, revise what it's been reasoning about, maybe take a couple steps back. Uh and maybe take a couple steps back. Uh and maybe take a couple steps back. Uh and then and then if you think about the then and then if you think about the then and then if you think about the search space, it's going to kind of go search space, it's going to kind of go search space, it's going to kind of go towards a different branch of the search towards a different branch of the search towards a different branch of the search space. Okay. So like that's that's their Okay. So like that's that's their Okay. So like that's that's their premise. I mean people talk about premise. I mean people talk about premise. I mean people talk about hierarchy in many different ways. So I hierarchy in many different ways. So I hierarchy in many different ways. So I think it's it's good to establish that think it's it's good to establish that think it's it's good to establish that this is their view of hierarchy that this is their view of hierarchy that this is their view of hierarchy that that we are not talking about a that we are not talking about a that we are not talking about a hierarchical hierarchical hierarchical you know variable generation process or you know variable generation process or you know variable generation process or something. We are just talking about something. We are just talking about something. We are just talking about some tokens are indicative of of plans some tokens are indicative of of plans some tokens are indicative of of plans and other tokens are indicative of and other tokens are indicative of and other tokens are indicative of executions. Now they have a couple of observations Now they have a couple of observations Now they have a couple of observations about like standard about like standard about like standard reasoning models before they they reasoning models before they they reasoning models before they they introduce their algorithms and these are introduce their algorithms and these are introduce their algorithms and these are all pretty interesting. So I think it's all pretty interesting. So I think it's all pretty interesting. So I think it's it's useful just to like go through it's useful just to like go through it's useful just to like go through their observations. I mean these are their observations. I mean these are their observations. I mean these are what they use to kind of premise the what they use to kind of premise the what they use to kind of premise the need for hierarchy. In general, what they will argue through In general, what they will argue through In general, what they will argue through this session section is that like the this session section is that like the this session section is that like the learning process in RLbased reasoning learning process in RLbased reasoning learning process in RLbased reasoning models follows two phases. models follows two phases. models follows two phases. The first phase which is these ones over The first phase which is these ones over The first phase which is these ones over here are are what they call uh here are are what they call uh here are are what they call uh procedural consolidation. procedural consolidation. procedural consolidation. So procedural consolidation they define So procedural consolidation they define So procedural consolidation they define as like the model is learning how to as like the model is learning how to as like the model is learning how to execute execute execute given a plan the model is is learning given a plan the model is is learning given a plan the model is is learning how to go forth and execute that plan. how to go forth and execute that plan. how to go forth and execute that plan. So like if the planner token says you So like if the planner token says you So like if the planner token says you know I need to backtrack I need to know I need to backtrack I need to know I need to backtrack I need to consider something else. The execution consider something else. The execution consider something else. The execution portion would then go off and consider portion would then go off and consider portion would then go off and consider that. that. that. And they show in a couple figures that And they show in a couple figures that And they show in a couple figures that we're going to get to that we can kind we're going to get to that we can kind we're going to get to that we can kind of observe this by looking at token of observe this by looking at token of observe this by looking at token level entropy. level entropy. level entropy. So in general their hypothesis is that So in general their hypothesis is that So in general their hypothesis is that as the entropy or as the the as the entropy or as the the as the entropy or as the the distribution becomes more diffuse over distribution becomes more diffuse over distribution becomes more diffuse over tokens that is an indication that like tokens that is an indication that like tokens that is an indication that like um well it's an indication that multiple um well it's an indication that multiple um well it's an indication that multiple things are happening but from an things are happening but from an things are happening but from an execution standpoint it's an exe it's an execution standpoint it's an exe it's an execution standpoint it's an exe it's an indication that the model does not know indication that the model does not know indication that the model does not know how to execute. how to execute. how to execute. But as the entropy drops or as the But as the entropy drops or as the But as the entropy drops or as the distribution becomes more spiky on a distribution becomes more spiky on a distribution becomes more spiky on a couple of tokens, um that's an couple of tokens, um that's an couple of tokens, um that's an indication that the model is learning indication that the model is learning indication that the model is learning how to execute. So it has less how to execute. So it has less how to execute. So it has less uncertainty about kind of how to go uncertainty about kind of how to go uncertainty about kind of how to go about the the the procedural steps. After this occurs, After this occurs, After this occurs, then they say the model is getting then they say the model is getting then they say the model is getting better at um strategic exploration. better at um strategic exploration. better at um strategic exploration. So, So, So, it's kind of a two-step process. First, it's kind of a two-step process. First, it's kind of a two-step process. First, we learn how to execute. And only after we learn how to execute. And only after we learn how to execute. And only after we learn how to execute do we then learn we learn how to execute do we then learn we learn how to execute do we then learn how to plan better and generate planning how to plan better and generate planning how to plan better and generate planning tokens better. tokens better. tokens better. And And And we're going to see some more specific we're going to see some more specific we're going to see some more specific plots later. This is kind of an plots later. This is kind of an plots later. This is kind of an illustration, but they're also going to illustration, but they're also going to illustration, but they're also going to look at entropy changes, entropy look at entropy changes, entropy look at entropy changes, entropy increases, but they're going to look at increases, but they're going to look at increases, but they're going to look at a different kind of entropy increase. So a different kind of entropy increase. So a different kind of entropy increase. So they're going to look at the entropy they're going to look at the entropy they're going to look at the entropy increase over just the planning tokens. increase over just the planning tokens. increase over just the planning tokens. And so their their observation is that And so their their observation is that And so their their observation is that like as entropy increases over the like as entropy increases over the like as entropy increases over the planning tokens, that's an indication planning tokens, that's an indication planning tokens, that's an indication that we're learning to explore more. So that we're learning to explore more. So that we're learning to explore more. So we're learning to consider different we're learning to consider different we're learning to consider different plans and we're learning to plan more at plans and we're learning to plan more at plans and we're learning to plan more at more different stages. more different stages. more different stages. Um Um Um yeah, so let's let's dive into the the yeah, so let's let's dive into the the yeah, so let's let's dive into the the actual results that they're presenting actual results that they're presenting actual results that they're presenting in this section. I mean, one more thing in this section. I mean, one more thing in this section. I mean, one more thing to say is that they kind of argue they to say is that they kind of argue they to say is that they kind of argue they make their case through correlations. So make their case through correlations. So make their case through correlations. So they say that this entropy decrease is they say that this entropy decrease is they say that this entropy decrease is correlated with this task accuracy correlated with this task accuracy correlated with this task accuracy increase. Um and they also say that the increase. Um and they also say that the increase. Um and they also say that the the entropy increase for planning tokens the entropy increase for planning tokens the entropy increase for planning tokens is correlated with is correlated with is correlated with sequence length increases in the sequence length increases in the sequence length increases in the generation. So this is a kind of a generation. So this is a kind of a generation. So this is a kind of a result as you recall from the R1 paper result as you recall from the R1 paper result as you recall from the R1 paper that that as RL continues the sequence that that as RL continues the sequence that that as RL continues the sequence length of the reasoning threads are length of the reasoning threads are length of the reasoning threads are increasing and so they they they're increasing and so they they they're increasing and so they they they're holding that up as evidence that that holding that up as evidence that that holding that up as evidence that that planning is increasing that we are planning is increasing that we are planning is increasing that we are taking more steps in the search space. taking more steps in the search space. taking more steps in the search space. Um and so that is this is the Um and so that is this is the Um and so that is this is the correlation that they use to kind of correlation that they use to kind of correlation that they use to kind of make their point about make their point about make their point about um planning tokens. Okay, so we've talked about planning Okay, so we've talked about planning Okay, so we've talked about planning tokens for a bit. Planning tokens versus tokens for a bit. Planning tokens versus tokens for a bit. Planning tokens versus execution tokens. execution tokens. execution tokens. The first thing to establish before we The first thing to establish before we The first thing to establish before we actually dive into real results. actually dive into real results. actually dive into real results. The first thing we need to establish is The first thing we need to establish is The first thing we need to establish is how do we actually identify planning how do we actually identify planning how do we actually identify planning tokens, right? tokens, right? tokens, right? So they call a planning token, they call So they call a planning token, they call So they call a planning token, they call this a strategic gram or a strategic this a strategic gram or a strategic this a strategic gram or a strategic engram. engram. engram. And as we saw before in the kind of And as we saw before in the kind of And as we saw before in the kind of colored phrases, colored phrases, colored phrases, um um um the strategic grams are the strategic grams are the strategic grams are engrams that indicate that we are trying engrams that indicate that we are trying engrams that indicate that we are trying to plan something. we're trying to take to plan something. we're trying to take to plan something. we're trying to take a higher level view uh to coordinate um a higher level view uh to coordinate um a higher level view uh to coordinate um the next set of execution tokens. So the next set of execution tokens. So the next set of execution tokens. So these are examples of strategic grams. these are examples of strategic grams. these are examples of strategic grams. So you know let's define a helpful sub So you know let's define a helpful sub So you know let's define a helpful sub problem. Let's backtrack and revise. And problem. Let's backtrack and revise. And problem. Let's backtrack and revise. And here are examples of regular and grams. here are examples of regular and grams. here are examples of regular and grams. Um you know plug this value into five * Um you know plug this value into five * Um you know plug this value into five * 5.5 * x is y. Um, 5.5 * x is y. Um, 5.5 * x is y. Um, and they kind of have a very like hacky and they kind of have a very like hacky and they kind of have a very like hacky way of describing engrams. And this is way of describing engrams. And this is way of describing engrams. And this is one of the more um or this is one of the one of the more um or this is one of the one of the more um or this is one of the less convincing parts of the paper. Uh, less convincing parts of the paper. Uh, less convincing parts of the paper. Uh, but you got to start from somewhere. So but you got to start from somewhere. So but you got to start from somewhere. So basically basically basically they they extract all engrams from all they they extract all engrams from all they they extract all engrams from all reasoning threads from successful reasoning threads from successful reasoning threads from successful reasoning threads. They take successful reasoning threads. They take successful reasoning threads. They take successful reasoning threads, they extract all reasoning threads, they extract all reasoning threads, they extract all engrams. engrams. engrams. Um I think their premise overall are Um I think their premise overall are Um I think their premise overall are that planning tokens are that planning tokens are that planning tokens are planning tokens are general across planning tokens are general across planning tokens are general across problems but execution tokens are problems but execution tokens are problems but execution tokens are specific to specific problems. So their specific to specific problems. So their specific to specific problems. So their hypothesis is that you can if you look hypothesis is that you can if you look hypothesis is that you can if you look at engrams that occur throughout at engrams that occur throughout at engrams that occur throughout reasoning threads reasoning threads reasoning threads then you will be identifying planning then you will be identifying planning then you will be identifying planning tokens you'll be identifying strategic tokens you'll be identifying strategic tokens you'll be identifying strategic tokens. tokens. tokens. Okay, so they take engrams across all Okay, so they take engrams across all Okay, so they take engrams across all reasoning threads, they embed them and reasoning threads, they embed them and reasoning threads, they embed them and they cluster them um just to say look they cluster them um just to say look they cluster them um just to say look there are different ways to express the there are different ways to express the there are different ways to express the same planning objective uh same planning objective uh same planning objective uh and and we can kind of generalize a and and we can kind of generalize a and and we can kind of generalize a little bit by by clustering. little bit by by clustering. little bit by by clustering. Um they don't really talk about how many Um they don't really talk about how many Um they don't really talk about how many clusters they use. Uh but yeah, imagine clusters they use. Uh but yeah, imagine clusters they use. Uh but yeah, imagine we can start to identify these clusters. we can start to identify these clusters. we can start to identify these clusters. Uh after that they take clusters that Uh after that they take clusters that Uh after that they take clusters that are kind of only present in the top 20% are kind of only present in the top 20% are kind of only present in the top 20% in the most that are most present the in the most that are most present the in the most that are most present the top 20% of of clusters top 20% of of clusters top 20% of of clusters um across all documents um across all documents um across all documents and then they just merge all of these and then they just merge all of these and then they just merge all of these engrams together. engrams together. engrams together. So the strategic gram set is composed of the strategic gram set is composed of the strategic gram set is composed of all engrams that are in the top 20% of all engrams that are in the top 20% of all engrams that are in the top 20% of clusters across documents. Um they don't do any validation Um they don't do any validation Um they don't do any validation but they do show kind of some of their but they do show kind of some of their but they do show kind of some of their engrams in the appendix and they are engrams in the appendix and they are engrams in the appendix and they are they're kind of engrams like this uh they're kind of engrams like this uh they're kind of engrams like this uh these kind of higher level engrams. So these kind of higher level engrams. So these kind of higher level engrams. So we kind of have to assume at some point we kind of have to assume at some point we kind of have to assume at some point that this is this is kind of uh a valid that this is this is kind of uh a valid that this is this is kind of uh a valid hypothesis. Okay. So now that we know like what Okay. So now that we know like what Okay. So now that we know like what strategic grams are and and how to strategic grams are and and how to strategic grams are and and how to differentiate strategic grams from differentiate strategic grams from differentiate strategic grams from execution level grams or non-strategic execution level grams or non-strategic execution level grams or non-strategic grams, we can look at grams, we can look at grams, we can look at entropy and perplexity over just these entropy and perplexity over just these entropy and perplexity over just these strategic grams compared with other strategic grams compared with other strategic grams compared with other grams. So these are their actual results. Um So these are their actual results. Um So these are their actual results. Um remember phase one is procedural remember phase one is procedural remember phase one is procedural consolidation. consolidation. consolidation. Phase one says that the entropy and the Phase one says that the entropy and the Phase one says that the entropy and the perplexity will decrease for all tokens perplexity will decrease for all tokens perplexity will decrease for all tokens and then it will stabilize. and then it will stabilize. and then it will stabilize. The general claim here is that this is The general claim here is that this is The general claim here is that this is the phase in which RL is learning how to the phase in which RL is learning how to the phase in which RL is learning how to execute. And so we kind of we see this we see And so we kind of we see this we see And so we kind of we see this we see this for both planning tokens as well as this for both planning tokens as well as this for both planning tokens as well as execution tokens. uh we see a decrease execution tokens. uh we see a decrease execution tokens. uh we see a decrease in perplexity in general and we also see in perplexity in general and we also see in perplexity in general and we also see a decreases in entropy a decreases in entropy a decreases in entropy um um um and pretty crucially kind of execution and pretty crucially kind of execution and pretty crucially kind of execution tokens for entropy they stay very low tokens for entropy they stay very low tokens for entropy they stay very low throughout the training process but in throughout the training process but in throughout the training process but in some cases the kind of ex entropy of the some cases the kind of ex entropy of the some cases the kind of ex entropy of the planning tokens will increase towards planning tokens will increase towards planning tokens will increase towards the end of the training Um so so so they say that token level entropy in they say that token level entropy in they say that token level entropy in general token level entropy is dominated general token level entropy is dominated general token level entropy is dominated by execution tokens just because there's by execution tokens just because there's by execution tokens just because there's a lot more execution tokens in overall a lot more execution tokens in overall a lot more execution tokens in overall in in the reasoning threads. Um and then they're going to make a claim and then they're going to make a claim and then they're going to make a claim later that kind of semantic entropy later that kind of semantic entropy later that kind of semantic entropy targets strategy. uh semantic entropy is targets strategy. uh semantic entropy is targets strategy. uh semantic entropy is they will define as entropy that is just they will define as entropy that is just they will define as entropy that is just targeted on the planning tokens. So this targeted on the planning tokens. So this targeted on the planning tokens. So this these curves are defined as semantic these curves are defined as semantic these curves are defined as semantic entropy the the red curves. entropy the the red curves. entropy the the red curves. I was a little confused for a second I was a little confused for a second I was a little confused for a second when I was trying to parse these plots when I was trying to parse these plots when I was trying to parse these plots um that perplexity and entropy were um that perplexity and entropy were um that perplexity and entropy were flipped because you know their general flipped because you know their general flipped because you know their general claim is that claim is that claim is that uh entropy over execution tokens uh entropy over execution tokens uh entropy over execution tokens decreases and then it's kind of a signal decreases and then it's kind of a signal decreases and then it's kind of a signal of consolidation of consolidation of consolidation uh which is which is totally valid. We uh which is which is totally valid. We uh which is which is totally valid. We can see that here. But then we can also can see that here. But then we can also can see that here. But then we can also see that perplexity stays higher than uh see that perplexity stays higher than uh see that perplexity stays higher than uh planning token perplexity throughout the planning token perplexity throughout the planning token perplexity throughout the entire curve. entire curve. entire curve. So that was a little confusing to me but So that was a little confusing to me but So that was a little confusing to me but but I take that as an indication that um but I take that as an indication that um but I take that as an indication that um kind of higher perplexity but lower kind of higher perplexity but lower kind of higher perplexity but lower entropy indicates spiky distributions. entropy indicates spiky distributions. entropy indicates spiky distributions. So you can have perplexity is all about So you can have perplexity is all about So you can have perplexity is all about kind of the chosen token. um how kind of the chosen token. um how kind of the chosen token. um how confused is the model about the actual confused is the model about the actual confused is the model about the actual next token that was observed. next token that was observed. next token that was observed. And And And if you have high perplexity, it can if you have high perplexity, it can if you have high perplexity, it can still mean that your distribution is still mean that your distribution is still mean that your distribution is concentrated on two or three or four concentrated on two or three or four concentrated on two or three or four tokens. tokens. tokens. That would be really low entropy if you That would be really low entropy if you That would be really low entropy if you have like a very heavy distribution on a have like a very heavy distribution on a have like a very heavy distribution on a couple of tokens. couple of tokens. couple of tokens. But you can still have high perplexity But you can still have high perplexity But you can still have high perplexity if if your your chosen token is a third if if your your chosen token is a third if if your your chosen token is a third or the fourth token, right? or the fourth token, right? or the fourth token, right? Um so if anything kind of this Um so if anything kind of this Um so if anything kind of this observation further solidifies the fact observation further solidifies the fact observation further solidifies the fact that like that like that like the probability distribution is becoming the probability distribution is becoming the probability distribution is becoming more and more concentrated uh in general more and more concentrated uh in general more and more concentrated uh in general um even if the the execution token maybe um even if the the execution token maybe um even if the the execution token maybe isn't always the most preferred token. Okay. So now in phase two, Okay. So now in phase two, Okay. So now in phase two, phase two is their strategic exploration phase two is their strategic exploration phase two is their strategic exploration phase. That's where they say the model phase. That's where they say the model phase. That's where they say the model learns to plan better and learns to learns to plan better and learns to learns to plan better and learns to explore the search space better. explore the search space better. explore the search space better. Um so they they draw this phase by Um so they they draw this phase by Um so they they draw this phase by saying that the semantic entropy saying that the semantic entropy saying that the semantic entropy or as we defined in the previous slide or as we defined in the previous slide or as we defined in the previous slide uh the entropy just over the planning uh the entropy just over the planning uh the entropy just over the planning tokens tokens tokens um the semantic entropy will increase um the semantic entropy will increase um the semantic entropy will increase which correlates to accuracy increasing and they show this in a couple different and they show this in a couple different and they show this in a couple different uh across a couple different models. Um uh across a couple different models. Um uh across a couple different models. Um and as you can see we do have a pretty and as you can see we do have a pretty and as you can see we do have a pretty clear correlation. Uh as semantic clear correlation. Uh as semantic clear correlation. Uh as semantic entropy increases you know accuracy is entropy increases you know accuracy is entropy increases you know accuracy is also increasing. Um sequence length is also increasing. Um sequence length is also increasing. Um sequence length is also increasing. Um also increasing. Um also increasing. Um and and and they kind of say like this is like this they kind of say like this is like this they kind of say like this is like this has been missed before. This has been has been missed before. This has been has been missed before. This has been missed by previous analyses because missed by previous analyses because missed by previous analyses because um because the entropy of other engrams um because the entropy of other engrams um because the entropy of other engrams has always stayed low. So if we just has always stayed low. So if we just has always stayed low. So if we just look at average entropy, it's it's way look at average entropy, it's it's way look at average entropy, it's it's way harder to see this this correlation. harder to see this this correlation. harder to see this this correlation. Um yeah, does that that make sense to yeah, does that that make sense to yeah, does that that make sense to everyone? &gt;&gt; Yes, it does. &gt;&gt; Yes, it does. &gt;&gt; Yes, it does. &gt;&gt; Okay. So &gt;&gt; Okay. So &gt;&gt; Okay. So So that's their depiction of what is So that's their depiction of what is So that's their depiction of what is happening in the reasoning process. Um, happening in the reasoning process. Um, happening in the reasoning process. Um, okay. This is just okay. This is just okay. This is just one of their final observation plots one of their final observation plots one of their final observation plots they're showing. they're showing. they're showing. Before everyone was just looking at the Before everyone was just looking at the Before everyone was just looking at the token entropy or token probability token entropy or token probability token entropy or token probability distribution. Um, this is always going distribution. Um, this is always going distribution. Um, this is always going to be dominated by to be dominated by to be dominated by common stop words um or or engrams that common stop words um or or engrams that common stop words um or or engrams that are that are are that are are that are uh very common. uh and so they will uh very common. uh and so they will uh very common. uh and so they will obscure the effects that we're trying to obscure the effects that we're trying to obscure the effects that we're trying to look at uh look at uh look at uh so whereas on the other hand if we're so whereas on the other hand if we're so whereas on the other hand if we're just looking at strategic grams and just looking at strategic grams and just looking at strategic grams and their frequency uh we will find much their frequency uh we will find much their frequency uh we will find much more interesting strategic grams and we more interesting strategic grams and we more interesting strategic grams and we will find um much more interesting kind will find um much more interesting kind will find um much more interesting kind of dynamics training dynamic and entropy of dynamics training dynamic and entropy of dynamics training dynamic and entropy dynamics over these strategic grams dynamics over these strategic grams dynamics over these strategic grams and Uh yeah. So so intuitively we've just been looking at the wrong we've just been looking at the wrong we've just been looking at the wrong thing this whole time is what they thing this whole time is what they thing this whole time is what they claim. Okay. So there are takeaways just to Okay. So there are takeaways just to Okay. So there are takeaways just to summarize this section. Procedural summarize this section. Procedural summarize this section. Procedural consolidation is is marked by a sharp consolidation is is marked by a sharp consolidation is is marked by a sharp decrease in complexity and token decrease in complexity and token decrease in complexity and token entropy. Um, the model quickly builds a entropy. Um, the model quickly builds a entropy. Um, the model quickly builds a reliable toolbox of procedural skills, reliable toolbox of procedural skills, reliable toolbox of procedural skills, allowing the frontier of performance allowing the frontier of performance allowing the frontier of performance improvement to shift to higher level improvement to shift to higher level improvement to shift to higher level strategy. By the way, their paper was so strategy. By the way, their paper was so strategy. By the way, their paper was so uh AI written, it wasn't even funny. uh AI written, it wasn't even funny. uh AI written, it wasn't even funny. There's like so many little AI written There's like so many little AI written There's like so many little AI written segments, you could tell. Anyway, segments, you could tell. Anyway, segments, you could tell. Anyway, takeaway two. Once the payoff from takeaway two. Once the payoff from takeaway two. Once the payoff from procedural consolidation diminishes, procedural consolidation diminishes, procedural consolidation diminishes, performance gains are driven primarily performance gains are driven primarily performance gains are driven primarily by exploring highle strategies. by exploring highle strategies. by exploring highle strategies. That was the phase two that we looked That was the phase two that we looked That was the phase two that we looked at. Um, finally, takeaway number three, at. Um, finally, takeaway number three, at. Um, finally, takeaway number three, aggregate token level token level aggregate token level token level aggregate token level token level entropy kind of obscures the point. So, entropy kind of obscures the point. So, entropy kind of obscures the point. So, it's token level entropy is dominated by it's token level entropy is dominated by it's token level entropy is dominated by lower level execution tokens. So, as the lower level execution tokens. So, as the lower level execution tokens. So, as the model becomes more confident, the model becomes more confident, the model becomes more confident, the entropy in these tokens naturally entropy in these tokens naturally entropy in these tokens naturally decreases and our global average is decreases and our global average is decreases and our global average is totally thrown off by these tokens. So, totally thrown off by these tokens. So, totally thrown off by these tokens. So, we've been looking at the wrong thing we've been looking at the wrong thing we've been looking at the wrong thing this whole time. which now leads them to propose their which now leads them to propose their which now leads them to propose their hikra algorithm. The hiker algorithm is very simple. The hiker algorithm is very simple. The hiker algorithm is very simple. This is standard GRPO This is standard GRPO This is standard GRPO uh where the advantage function the uh where the advantage function the uh where the advantage function the advantage function over a trajectory is advantage function over a trajectory is advantage function over a trajectory is calculated by the the reward of that calculated by the the reward of that calculated by the the reward of that trajectory minus the group of a bunch of trajectory minus the group of a bunch of trajectory minus the group of a bunch of the group average of a bunch of the group average of a bunch of the group average of a bunch of different trajectories, right? Bunch of different trajectories, right? Bunch of different trajectories, right? Bunch of different roll out 10 trajectories uh different roll out 10 trajectories uh different roll out 10 trajectories uh for your question. Um calculate the for your question. Um calculate the for your question. Um calculate the reward average over those trajectories. reward average over those trajectories. reward average over those trajectories. you have gpo. you have gpo. you have gpo. They make a very very simple They make a very very simple They make a very very simple adjustment to gpo. adjustment to gpo. adjustment to gpo. They just say in general that if your They just say in general that if your They just say in general that if your token is in a semantic gram set is in token is in a semantic gram set is in token is in a semantic gram set is in the set of semantic grams the set of semantic grams the set of semantic grams then then then add this absolute value. add this absolute value. add this absolute value. Um so they they set alpha to 0 2. So Um so they they set alpha to 0 2. So Um so they they set alpha to 0 2. So like add 20% of the absolute value of like add 20% of the absolute value of like add 20% of the absolute value of your advantage. your advantage. your advantage. Otherwise use your regular advantage. Otherwise use your regular advantage. Otherwise use your regular advantage. What does this do? Well, if if your What does this do? Well, if if your What does this do? Well, if if your token is a strategic grammar token is a strategic grammar token is a strategic grammar and your reward is one if you got the and your reward is one if you got the and your reward is one if you got the problem correct, then you'll have a problem correct, then you'll have a problem correct, then you'll have a higher advantage. You'll have a more higher advantage. You'll have a more higher advantage. You'll have a more positive advantage. If you got the positive advantage. If you got the positive advantage. If you got the problem incorrect, uh you're just going problem incorrect, uh you're just going problem incorrect, uh you're just going to have a less negative advantage um to have a less negative advantage um to have a less negative advantage um because it's still the absolute zero uh because it's still the absolute zero uh because it's still the absolute zero uh the absolute value. Uh I just want to walk through an Uh I just want to walk through an Uh I just want to walk through an example quickly. So let's say we have example quickly. So let's say we have example quickly. So let's say we have three trajectories three trajectories three trajectories um um um you know for the same question. This you know for the same question. This you know for the same question. This trajectory ultimately was correct and trajectory ultimately was correct and trajectory ultimately was correct and these two were wrong. these two were wrong. these two were wrong. Our standard GRPO Our standard GRPO Our standard GRPO uh we we would take the reward for each uh we we would take the reward for each uh we we would take the reward for each one. So one 0 0 here minus the group one. So one 0 0 here minus the group one. So one 0 0 here minus the group average the group average for all three average the group average for all three average the group average for all three is 1/3. is 1/3. is 1/3. And so we would get an advantage of 2/3 And so we would get an advantage of 2/3 And so we would get an advantage of 2/3 2/3 for the first one/3 2/3 for the first one/3 2/3 for the first one/3 for the next two. for the next two. for the next two. Um Um Um and our so our batch total advantage and our so our batch total advantage and our so our batch total advantage across all five tokens would be 3.33 across all five tokens would be 3.33 across all five tokens would be 3.33 1.67 1.67 1.67 1.67 1.67 1.67 right pretty standard stuff. right pretty standard stuff. right pretty standard stuff. Now Now Now let's say that these two steps these two let's say that these two steps these two let's say that these two steps these two tokens let's plan steps branch and tokens let's plan steps branch and tokens let's plan steps branch and rethink and backtrack rethink and backtrack rethink and backtrack are semanticgrams then these tokens would have then these tokens would have then these tokens would have correspondingly more correspondingly more correspondingly more more advantage in all cases. So in the more advantage in all cases. So in the more advantage in all cases. So in the positive case they would have a little positive case they would have a little positive case they would have a little bit more positive advantage. In the bit more positive advantage. In the bit more positive advantage. In the negative cases they would have a little negative cases they would have a little negative cases they would have a little bit less negative advantage. Does that make sense to everyone? Um yeah actually this image was Um yeah actually this image was Um yeah actually this image was generated by uh GBT. So it was pretty generated by uh GBT. So it was pretty generated by uh GBT. So it was pretty cool. This was not in the paper. Okay, so the takeaways Okay, so the takeaways Okay, so the takeaways um this is from the paper. The takeaways um this is from the paper. The takeaways um this is from the paper. The takeaways the policy is incentivized to explore the policy is incentivized to explore the policy is incentivized to explore the subspace of strategic plans more the subspace of strategic plans more the subspace of strategic plans more thoroughly. thoroughly. thoroughly. This leads to faster discovery of This leads to faster discovery of This leads to faster discovery of effective reasoning patterns and when effective reasoning patterns and when effective reasoning patterns and when these strategies yield high rewards, the these strategies yield high rewards, the these strategies yield high rewards, the amplified average ensures they are amplified average ensures they are amplified average ensures they are strongly reinforced. strongly reinforced. strongly reinforced. So, I think that this is, you know, I I So, I think that this is, you know, I I So, I think that this is, you know, I I want to pause on these takeaways for want to pause on these takeaways for want to pause on these takeaways for like one second. Um, cuz when I was like one second. Um, cuz when I was like one second. Um, cuz when I was reading this paper and I I was like reading this paper and I I was like reading this paper and I I was like reasoning through their HRA algorithm, I reasoning through their HRA algorithm, I reasoning through their HRA algorithm, I was thinking, well, wouldn't this just was thinking, well, wouldn't this just was thinking, well, wouldn't this just like influence like influence like influence just more planning tokens in general? just more planning tokens in general? just more planning tokens in general? And couldn't this have a negative And couldn't this have a negative And couldn't this have a negative effect? Like, couldn't this just lead us effect? Like, couldn't this just lead us effect? Like, couldn't this just lead us to spend so much time planning like to spend so much time planning like to spend so much time planning like overall because we're just rewarding overall because we're just rewarding overall because we're just rewarding them more? Um, but I think that point them more? Um, but I think that point them more? Um, but I think that point number three really addresses that number three really addresses that number three really addresses that because because because yes, it will lead you to plan more, but yes, it will lead you to plan more, but yes, it will lead you to plan more, but then when those plans are correct, then when those plans are correct, then when those plans are correct, they'll get even more advantage. So, um, they'll get even more advantage. So, um, they'll get even more advantage. So, um, they'll continue to kind of be they'll continue to kind of be they'll continue to kind of be reinforced um when they actually help reinforced um when they actually help reinforced um when they actually help you. you. you. Uh, yeah. So maybe maybe in the future Uh, yeah. So maybe maybe in the future Uh, yeah. So maybe maybe in the future if they could extend this to have even if they could extend this to have even if they could extend this to have even more reward for positive rewards versus more reward for positive rewards versus more reward for positive rewards versus less reward for uh negative less reward for uh negative less reward for uh negative trajectories, maybe that would help even trajectories, maybe that would help even trajectories, maybe that would help even further reinforce the the amplified further reinforce the the amplified further reinforce the the amplified advantage. But um for now this appears advantage. But um for now this appears advantage. But um for now this appears to work when you set alpha to 2. They didn't do much exploration around They didn't do much exploration around They didn't do much exploration around alpha to my to my knowledge. They just alpha to my to my knowledge. They just alpha to my to my knowledge. They just kind of set it at 2. Uh but kind of set it at 2. Uh but kind of set it at 2. Uh but yeah, it seems to work. Okay, so for the results in general, they're finding increases in general, they're finding increases in general, they're finding increases over standard GRPO. over standard GRPO. over standard GRPO. So, you know, and actually quite large So, you know, and actually quite large So, you know, and actually quite large increases. increases. increases. Um, it appears that their largest increases it appears that their largest increases it appears that their largest increases are, are, are, unless I'm mistaken, I mean, it looks unless I'm mistaken, I mean, it looks unless I'm mistaken, I mean, it looks like their largest increases in general like their largest increases in general like their largest increases in general are on base models. are on base models. are on base models. Um, rather than the instruct models. Um, rather than the instruct models. Um, rather than the instruct models. Um, Um, Um, although that's not always true, but although that's not always true, but although that's not always true, but like it could just be an indication that like it could just be an indication that like it could just be an indication that that maybe there's something else that maybe there's something else that maybe there's something else happening in the instruct models that happening in the instruct models that happening in the instruct models that they're not really capturing. Um they're not really capturing. Um they're not really capturing. Um yeah, I think Llama is the only model yeah, I think Llama is the only model yeah, I think Llama is the only model where they had some where they had some where they had some um um um decreases across multiple categories. decreases across multiple categories. decreases across multiple categories. Maybe they also had a decrease across Maybe they also had a decrease across Maybe they also had a decrease across Olympiads here in Quen. Um but they're Olympiads here in Quen. Um but they're Olympiads here in Quen. Um but they're going to talk about kind of why llama going to talk about kind of why llama going to talk about kind of why llama was an issue. Uh and their basic was an issue. Uh and their basic was an issue. Uh and their basic takeaway was like, you know, llama was takeaway was like, you know, llama was takeaway was like, you know, llama was kind of so bad that it couldn't even get kind of so bad that it couldn't even get kind of so bad that it couldn't even get off the ground um in many cases. So like off the ground um in many cases. So like off the ground um in many cases. So like you see overall these scores are a lot you see overall these scores are a lot you see overall these scores are a lot lower and they say like yeah if you lower and they say like yeah if you lower and they say like yeah if you can't even plan in the first place if can't even plan in the first place if can't even plan in the first place if you can't even execute in the first you can't even execute in the first you can't even execute in the first place then like these two-stage training place then like these two-stage training place then like these two-stage training dynamics are just never going to occur. Um they have some multimodal reasoning Um they have some multimodal reasoning Um they have some multimodal reasoning benchmarks which is fun just to show benchmarks which is fun just to show benchmarks which is fun just to show that this also occurs in vision models. that this also occurs in vision models. that this also occurs in vision models. I guess that's a bit of a surprise. I I guess that's a bit of a surprise. I I guess that's a bit of a surprise. I mean we would expect mean we would expect mean we would expect that strategic grams in general would that strategic grams in general would that strategic grams in general would would influence planning and language would influence planning and language would influence planning and language model language only models visual models model language only models visual models model language only models visual models a little bit less clear to me where the a little bit less clear to me where the a little bit less clear to me where the hierarchy comes in or maybe just the hierarchy comes in or maybe just the hierarchy comes in or maybe just the planning tokens in general um are still planning tokens in general um are still planning tokens in general um are still a very important part but like yeah they a very important part but like yeah they a very important part but like yeah they are also seeing improvements for are also seeing improvements for are also seeing improvements for multimodal reasoning Um okay so then they have a couple of Um okay so then they have a couple of Um okay so then they have a couple of different kind of analyses of their different kind of analyses of their different kind of analyses of their results which I found pretty results which I found pretty results which I found pretty interesting. interesting. interesting. Um Um Um so for this first analysis they use GPD4 so for this first analysis they use GPD4 so for this first analysis they use GPD4 to analyze reasoning threads and to analyze reasoning threads and to analyze reasoning threads and categorize categorize categorize errors that are happening in the errors that are happening in the errors that are happening in the reasoning thread. reasoning thread. reasoning thread. In general uh their point here is that In general uh their point here is that In general uh their point here is that errors in planning and strategy are errors in planning and strategy are errors in planning and strategy are decreasing. decreasing. decreasing. So they they observe that across three So they they observe that across three So they they observe that across three different models. Um and then Quinn 2.5 different models. Um and then Quinn 2.5 different models. Um and then Quinn 2.5 is kind of an anomaly because yes the is kind of an anomaly because yes the is kind of an anomaly because yes the planning and strategy errors are planning and strategy errors are planning and strategy errors are decreasing but also decreasing but also decreasing but also the other kinds of errors they don't the other kinds of errors they don't the other kinds of errors they don't decrease as well. They also are decrease as well. They also are decrease as well. They also are increasing a little bit. increasing a little bit. increasing a little bit. Um Um Um and if you notice I mean they're the and if you notice I mean they're the and if you notice I mean they're the error count for for in general is very error count for for in general is very error count for for in general is very high for quen 2.5. And they kind of make high for quen 2.5. And they kind of make high for quen 2.5. And they kind of make the point that uh execution errors don't the point that uh execution errors don't the point that uh execution errors don't decrease because maybe the error rate decrease because maybe the error rate decrease because maybe the error rate for plans is too high to trickle down for plans is too high to trickle down for plans is too high to trickle down into execution improvements. If you have into execution improvements. If you have into execution improvements. If you have an incorrect plan, it doesn't matter how an incorrect plan, it doesn't matter how an incorrect plan, it doesn't matter how well you are executing, you are still well you are executing, you are still well you are executing, you are still going to get a negative reward. Their second observation is that uh that targeted exploration is a lot that targeted exploration is a lot that targeted exploration is a lot better than indiscriminant exploration. better than indiscriminant exploration. better than indiscriminant exploration. So what are they showing here? So So what are they showing here? So So what are they showing here? So they're showing that uh their algorithm they're showing that uh their algorithm they're showing that uh their algorithm leads to more exploration quicker than leads to more exploration quicker than leads to more exploration quicker than GRPO does. GRPO does. GRPO does. Um, Um, Um, and that this is directly correlated to and that this is directly correlated to and that this is directly correlated to validation accuracy. So, So, So, yeah, I'm not I'm not sure why they yeah, I'm not I'm not sure why they yeah, I'm not I'm not sure why they don't continue GRPO don't continue GRPO don't continue GRPO longer. Um, cuz it would be interesting longer. Um, cuz it would be interesting longer. Um, cuz it would be interesting to see how this curve continues to to see how this curve continues to to see how this curve continues to change over time. Um but yeah, we just change over time. Um but yeah, we just change over time. Um but yeah, we just have to take this like delta that we have to take this like delta that we have to take this like delta that we observe emerging as proof that at least observe emerging as proof that at least observe emerging as proof that at least until training step until training step until training step 170 or 80 that our validation accuracy 170 or 80 that our validation accuracy 170 or 80 that our validation accuracy is very tightly correlated with our is very tightly correlated with our is very tightly correlated with our semantic entropy. semantic entropy. semantic entropy. Again remember semantic entropy is Again remember semantic entropy is Again remember semantic entropy is defined as entropy over the strategic defined as entropy over the strategic defined as entropy over the strategic grams specifically and not over any grams specifically and not over any grams specifically and not over any other grams that are generated. Their next exploration around this Their next exploration around this Their next exploration around this targeted versus indiscriminant targeted versus indiscriminant targeted versus indiscriminant exploration exploration exploration um is the observation that um is the observation that um is the observation that entropy regularization just doesn't entropy regularization just doesn't entropy regularization just doesn't work. So work. So work. So entropy regularization is a baseline entropy regularization is a baseline entropy regularization is a baseline that other people have tried um when that other people have tried um when that other people have tried um when they've made similar observations they've made similar observations they've made similar observations they've said okay entropy is important they've said okay entropy is important they've said okay entropy is important what can we do to increase our entropy what can we do to increase our entropy what can we do to increase our entropy um let's increase a regularization term um let's increase a regularization term um let's increase a regularization term so that we kind of in ensure that so that we kind of in ensure that so that we kind of in ensure that entropy stays high overall uh but what entropy stays high overall uh but what entropy stays high overall uh but what previous work has done has been to previous work has done has been to previous work has done has been to target this across all tokens target this across all tokens target this across all tokens right so that's that's a good baseline right so that's that's a good baseline right so that's that's a good baseline for them to compare the effects of their for them to compare the effects of their for them to compare the effects of their targeted exploration because like you targeted exploration because like you targeted exploration because like you know as entropy over all B over all know as entropy over all B over all know as entropy over all B over all tokens um kind of increases tokens um kind of increases tokens um kind of increases you know that's that's uh that's also you know that's that's uh that's also you know that's that's uh that's also going to increase entropy over execution going to increase entropy over execution going to increase entropy over execution tokens tokens tokens and so we can see that these light blue and so we can see that these light blue and so we can see that these light blue lines which are entropy regularization lines which are entropy regularization lines which are entropy regularization they're pretty they're almost the same they're pretty they're almost the same they're pretty they're almost the same as as as baseline GRPO baseline GRPO baseline GRPO um um um in terms of uh validation accuracy and in terms of uh validation accuracy and in terms of uh validation accuracy and certainly symmetric entropy. Uh certainly symmetric entropy. Uh certainly symmetric entropy. Uh whereas kind of when we target our whereas kind of when we target our whereas kind of when we target our entropy increases to just the strategic entropy increases to just the strategic entropy increases to just the strategic RAMs then we are seeing higher RAMs then we are seeing higher RAMs then we are seeing higher validation accuracies. Let's see this validation accuracies. Let's see this validation accuracies. Let's see this pass at 8 is kind of muddled. I guess pass at 8 is kind of muddled. I guess pass at 8 is kind of muddled. I guess they're trying to show that the um it they're trying to show that the um it they're trying to show that the um it doesn't really affect training dynamics doesn't really affect training dynamics doesn't really affect training dynamics uh because training dynamics are still uh because training dynamics are still uh because training dynamics are still kind of they're kind of equivalent for kind of they're kind of equivalent for kind of they're kind of equivalent for all methods. all methods. all methods. uh token entropy. uh token entropy. uh token entropy. Yeah. So, this makes sense because Yeah. So, this makes sense because Yeah. So, this makes sense because um if we're going to regularize entropy, um if we're going to regularize entropy, um if we're going to regularize entropy, of course, we're going to expect the of course, we're going to expect the of course, we're going to expect the token entropy overall to be higher um token entropy overall to be higher um token entropy overall to be higher um over all tokens. Um remember, stage one over all tokens. Um remember, stage one over all tokens. Um remember, stage one is kind of this uh learning how to is kind of this uh learning how to is kind of this uh learning how to execute stage. execute stage. execute stage. So, it's going to take us longer to So, it's going to take us longer to So, it's going to take us longer to learn how to execute and then we're just learn how to execute and then we're just learn how to execute and then we're just not really going to learn how to plan. not really going to learn how to plan. not really going to learn how to plan. Whereas Hikra Whereas Hikra Whereas Hikra helps us learn how to execute quickly helps us learn how to execute quickly helps us learn how to execute quickly and then our token entropy B just and then our token entropy B just and then our token entropy B just increases again again because we are increases again again because we are increases again again because we are learning how to explore and plan better. Um okay uh I think this is one of the Um okay uh I think this is one of the Um okay uh I think this is one of the last ones. Semantic entropy is where last ones. Semantic entropy is where last ones. Semantic entropy is where exploration continues. exploration continues. exploration continues. So So So they are trying to show here that like they are trying to show here that like they are trying to show here that like your token accuracy can collapse. Um your token entropy can collapse. Uh so your token entropy can collapse. Uh so your token entropy can collapse. Uh so this is your overall token entropy. Um this is your overall token entropy. Um this is your overall token entropy. Um but your semantic entropy can increase but your semantic entropy can increase but your semantic entropy can increase and yeah pretty obvious um based on what and yeah pretty obvious um based on what and yeah pretty obvious um based on what they've shown before. they've shown before. they've shown before. Um Um Um yeah, what to say? I guess yeah, what to say? I guess yeah, what to say? I guess yeah I guess I kind of wonder this token yeah I guess I kind of wonder this token yeah I guess I kind of wonder this token entropy is cut off at training sub 150 entropy is cut off at training sub 150 entropy is cut off at training sub 150 whereas the token entropy over here whereas the token entropy over here whereas the token entropy over here does change pretty dramatically does change pretty dramatically does change pretty dramatically after 150. after 150. after 150. Um Um Um but yeah I just assume that like after but yeah I just assume that like after but yeah I just assume that like after this is when their semantic entropy is this is when their semantic entropy is this is when their semantic entropy is starting to dominate the entropy starting to dominate the entropy starting to dominate the entropy overall. Okay. And then the final point that they Okay. And then the final point that they Okay. And then the final point that they want to make um want to make um want to make um is like another comment on previous is like another comment on previous is like another comment on previous research. research. research. So So So again they want to make the point that again they want to make the point that again they want to make the point that their strategic grams are helpful. Um their strategic grams are helpful. Um their strategic grams are helpful. Um they say that previous research has they say that previous research has they say that previous research has looked at high entropy tokens in general looked at high entropy tokens in general looked at high entropy tokens in general and in general we need to acknowledge and in general we need to acknowledge and in general we need to acknowledge that like that like that like they say all planning tokens are high they say all planning tokens are high they say all planning tokens are high entropy entropy entropy but not all high entropy tokens are but not all high entropy tokens are but not all high entropy tokens are planning tokens. planning tokens. planning tokens. So they show this example here where So they show this example here where So they show this example here where um the blue is just high entropy tokens um the blue is just high entropy tokens um the blue is just high entropy tokens that are not planning tokens. that are not planning tokens. that are not planning tokens. The red is I guess planning tokens that The red is I guess planning tokens that The red is I guess planning tokens that are not especially high entropy. And are not especially high entropy. And are not especially high entropy. And then the shared are planning tokens that then the shared are planning tokens that then the shared are planning tokens that are also high entropy. are also high entropy. are also high entropy. Um Um Um and they show this again. Um yeah um and they show this again. Um yeah um and they show this again. Um yeah um here are the proportions of high entropy here are the proportions of high entropy here are the proportions of high entropy planning tokens. planning tokens. planning tokens. So in general entropy of planning tokens So in general entropy of planning tokens So in general entropy of planning tokens increases before and after training increases before and after training increases before and after training in a in most of their models um or stays in a in most of their models um or stays in a in most of their models um or stays the same. the same. the same. But the proportion of high interest But the proportion of high interest But the proportion of high interest tokens that are planning tokens um yeah tokens that are planning tokens um yeah tokens that are planning tokens um yeah doesn't necessarily increase. It kind of doesn't necessarily increase. It kind of doesn't necessarily increase. It kind of decreases in a couple it increases in in decreases in a couple it increases in in decreases in a couple it increases in in a couple um a couple um a couple um right so a majority of our functionally right so a majority of our functionally right so a majority of our functionally defined planning tokens are also high defined planning tokens are also high defined planning tokens are also high entropy but the reverse is not true. entropy but the reverse is not true. entropy but the reverse is not true. Most high entropy tokens are not Most high entropy tokens are not Most high entropy tokens are not planning tokens. Okay. So, uh yeah, that's that's the Okay. So, uh yeah, that's that's the Okay. So, uh yeah, that's that's the last that's the last slide. Um any last that's the last slide. Um any last that's the last slide. Um any questions? I just wanted to ask uh and note to I just wanted to ask uh and note to I just wanted to ask uh and note to compare and contrast with beyond 8020 compare and contrast with beyond 8020 compare and contrast with beyond 8020 paper which was specifically targeting paper which was specifically targeting paper which was specifically targeting high entropy tokens. But I guess the high entropy tokens. But I guess the high entropy tokens. But I guess the last two slides uh really gave the last two slides uh really gave the last two slides uh really gave the answer to that question where they are answer to that question where they are answer to that question where they are aware of that research and they say like aware of that research and they say like aware of that research and they say like hey our method for identifying those hey our method for identifying those hey our method for identifying those pivot tokens is better than their pivot tokens is better than their pivot tokens is better than their method. And uh I really like this uh uh method. And uh I really like this uh uh method. And uh I really like this uh uh diagram which was like fourth slide from diagram which was like fourth slide from diagram which was like fourth slide from the last I think 23. No 22. the last I think 23. No 22. the last I think 23. No 22. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So the left one uh left most uh uh &gt;&gt; Yeah. So the left one uh left most uh uh &gt;&gt; Yeah. So the left one uh left most uh uh graph on this slide I think it gives graph on this slide I think it gives graph on this slide I think it gives like really because they are defining like really because they are defining like really because they are defining strategic uh strategic RAMs without strategic uh strategic RAMs without strategic uh strategic RAMs without using entropy at all and then they're using entropy at all and then they're using entropy at all and then they're targeting them and their entropy targeting them and their entropy targeting them and their entropy increases. &gt;&gt; It just seems like pretty pretty telling &gt;&gt; It just seems like pretty pretty telling &gt;&gt; It just seems like pretty pretty telling uh as far as the training dynamics go. uh as far as the training dynamics go. uh as far as the training dynamics go. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's a good point. I mean, Yeah, it's a good point. I mean, Yeah, it's a good point. I mean, we could argue with their technique for we could argue with their technique for we could argue with their technique for identifying strategic grams, but it has identifying strategic grams, but it has identifying strategic grams, but it has nothing to do with entropy and logically nothing to do with entropy and logically nothing to do with entropy and logically they seem to make sense. Um, just kind they seem to make sense. Um, just kind they seem to make sense. Um, just kind of as a spot check. Um, and then yeah, of as a spot check. Um, and then yeah, of as a spot check. Um, and then yeah, their entropy does increase. So, I think their entropy does increase. So, I think their entropy does increase. So, I think I think I found this kind of pretty I think I found this kind of pretty I think I found this kind of pretty compelling. compelling. compelling. I'd love to see I mean, this does I I'd love to see I mean, this does I I'd love to see I mean, this does I think highlight an interesting training think highlight an interesting training think highlight an interesting training phenomenon. I would love to see better phenomenon. I would love to see better phenomenon. I would love to see better methods for identifying strategic grams. methods for identifying strategic grams. methods for identifying strategic grams. Um Um Um maybe because we could kind of like this maybe because we could kind of like this maybe because we could kind of like this really depends really depends really depends this really depends on the distribution this really depends on the distribution this really depends on the distribution of your training data or your your of your training data or your your of your training data or your your reasoning data like you could easily reasoning data like you could easily reasoning data like you could easily imagine clusters that emerge. If you if imagine clusters that emerge. If you if imagine clusters that emerge. If you if you if you have like a very you if you have like a very you if you have like a very mixed data set, but maybe it's dominated mixed data set, but maybe it's dominated mixed data set, but maybe it's dominated by chess problems or or a certain kind by chess problems or or a certain kind by chess problems or or a certain kind of math problem, you can imagine of math problem, you can imagine of math problem, you can imagine clusters that emerge that are actually clusters that emerge that are actually clusters that emerge that are actually execution clusters that aren't actually execution clusters that aren't actually execution clusters that aren't actually strategic clusters. So like you have to strategic clusters. So like you have to strategic clusters. So like you have to be there's there's a lot of special be there's there's a lot of special be there's there's a lot of special sauce here in how they identify their sauce here in how they identify their sauce here in how they identify their strategic grounds. Um and I think strategic grounds. Um and I think strategic grounds. Um and I think uh future work that maybe takes a more uh future work that maybe takes a more uh future work that maybe takes a more principled approach like what does it principled approach like what does it principled approach like what does it mean to be strategic or planning mean to be strategic or planning mean to be strategic or planning oriented I think could could really oriented I think could could really oriented I think could could really maybe improve this even further. But maybe improve this even further. But maybe improve this even further. But yeah, for this this um set of strategic yeah, for this this um set of strategic yeah, for this this um set of strategic grams and for this problem, I think that grams and for this problem, I think that grams and for this problem, I think that that yeah, Demetri, you make a good that yeah, Demetri, you make a good that yeah, Demetri, you make a good point that that this is this is kind of point that that this is this is kind of point that that this is this is kind of cool that they see this emerge. And in the procedure for identifying uh And in the procedure for identifying uh And in the procedure for identifying uh strategic RAMs, are they using uh the strategic RAMs, are they using uh the strategic RAMs, are they using uh the base or extract models or uh are they base or extract models or uh are they base or extract models or uh are they using vanilla gpo tuned model to build using vanilla gpo tuned model to build using vanilla gpo tuned model to build the traces from which they extract uh the traces from which they extract uh the traces from which they extract uh the engrams? the engrams? the engrams? &gt;&gt; Uh that's a good question. Um &gt;&gt; Uh that's a good question. Um &gt;&gt; Uh that's a good question. Um I don't I don't quite recall. I think um yeah, I can get back to you on this. Um there were a couple of missing details there were a couple of missing details there were a couple of missing details in general, but I'll I'll do it. I'll in general, but I'll I'll do it. I'll in general, but I'll I'll do it. I'll I'll look I'll Yeah, I don't think that I'll look I'll Yeah, I don't think that I'll look I'll Yeah, I don't think that they mention it actually they mention it actually they mention it actually or maybe it's in the appendix, but but or maybe it's in the appendix, but but or maybe it's in the appendix, but but I'll I'll get back to you on that I'll I'll get back to you on that I'll I'll get back to you on that question. Okay. And and a kind of question. Okay. And and a kind of question. Okay. And and a kind of similar question. So in the very similar question. So in the very similar question. So in the very beginning there was multiple uh charts beginning there was multiple uh charts beginning there was multiple uh charts comparing the entropy and accuracy and comparing the entropy and accuracy and comparing the entropy and accuracy and perplexity. Oh yeah these ones. So are perplexity. Oh yeah these ones. So are perplexity. Oh yeah these ones. So are these ones derived from the hyperra these ones derived from the hyperra these ones derived from the hyperra method or vanilla JPO? method or vanilla JPO? method or vanilla JPO? &gt;&gt; Um these are supposed to illustrate &gt;&gt; Um these are supposed to illustrate &gt;&gt; Um these are supposed to illustrate vanilla reasoning properties. Uh I think vanilla reasoning properties. Uh I think vanilla reasoning properties. Uh I think they're just illustrations. I mean they're just illustrations. I mean they're just illustrations. I mean they're kind of like their they are the they're kind of like their they are the they're kind of like their they are the first cover photo. So first cover photo. So first cover photo. So &gt;&gt; okay &gt;&gt; okay &gt;&gt; okay &gt;&gt; I think that this is just an &gt;&gt; I think that this is just an &gt;&gt; I think that this is just an illustration of what they are trying to illustration of what they are trying to illustration of what they are trying to show. Um there's one thing I should show. Um there's one thing I should show. Um there's one thing I should mention is that like they kind of make mention is that like they kind of make mention is that like they kind of make the point that this is the ability to the point that this is the ability to the point that this is the ability to plan and the ability to be hierarchical plan and the ability to be hierarchical plan and the ability to be hierarchical is they start with the premise that that is they start with the premise that that is they start with the premise that that is learned during pre-training. So the is learned during pre-training. So the is learned during pre-training. So the pre-training models have seen enough pre-training models have seen enough pre-training models have seen enough instances of humans doing planning and instances of humans doing planning and instances of humans doing planning and reasoning um that they already have this reasoning um that they already have this reasoning um that they already have this ability but they say that the RL process ability but they say that the RL process ability but they say that the RL process is just trying to make this ability come is just trying to make this ability come is just trying to make this ability come out um and that we can see this uh in out um and that we can see this uh in out um and that we can see this uh in these plots but like the these plots but like the these plots but like the yeah but we can have better ways to to yeah but we can have better ways to to yeah but we can have better ways to to get this get this ability to actually get this get this ability to actually get this get this ability to actually come out of train. Okay. And then uh later of course they Okay. And then uh later of course they Okay. And then uh later of course they do have comparison plots of GRPO versus do have comparison plots of GRPO versus do have comparison plots of GRPO versus H highra of uh how uh entropy of H highra of uh how uh entropy of H highra of uh how uh entropy of strategic tokens versus all tokens strategic tokens versus all tokens strategic tokens versus all tokens changes. So that that makes sense. changes. So that that makes sense. changes. So that that makes sense. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I would note in general like &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I would note in general like &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I would note in general like I am I am I am I mean look looking at these again where I mean look looking at these again where I mean look looking at these again where okay so the entropy for the execution okay so the entropy for the execution okay so the entropy for the execution token stays very low throughout which is token stays very low throughout which is token stays very low throughout which is fine that's what we expect but it does fine that's what we expect but it does fine that's what we expect but it does make me like kind of confused about make me like kind of confused about make me like kind of confused about these plots over here where their token these plots over here where their token these plots over here where their token level entropy in general like goes way level entropy in general like goes way level entropy in general like goes way up. up. up. Um Um Um I assume maybe it's just the maybe Quen I assume maybe it's just the maybe Quen I assume maybe it's just the maybe Quen 2.57 base is like a little different but 2.57 base is like a little different but 2.57 base is like a little different but like they do make the argument they try like they do make the argument they try like they do make the argument they try to make the argument in the beginning to make the argument in the beginning to make the argument in the beginning that like uh overall token entropy is that like uh overall token entropy is that like uh overall token entropy is swamping out everything that we observe swamping out everything that we observe swamping out everything that we observe with semantic entropy. So like I am I'm with semantic entropy. So like I am I'm with semantic entropy. So like I am I'm confused why this this like really confused why this this like really confused why this this like really shoots up over here. shoots up over here. shoots up over here. &gt;&gt; Um what does validation accuracy here? &gt;&gt; Um what does validation accuracy here? &gt;&gt; Um what does validation accuracy here? uh it's just their their their uh it's just their their their uh it's just their their their reward I guess on the on the validation reward I guess on the on the validation reward I guess on the on the validation set. So set. So set. So yeah, if they're looking at math yeah, if they're looking at math yeah, if they're looking at math problems, it's like how often do they problems, it's like how often do they problems, it's like how often do they get the math problems correct? get the math problems correct? get the math problems correct? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So there's almost no difference &gt;&gt; Yeah. So there's almost no difference &gt;&gt; Yeah. So there's almost no difference between it and and the others. between it and and the others. between it and and the others. And there there's a huge difference in And there there's a huge difference in And there there's a huge difference in semantic entropy and semantic entropy and semantic entropy and token entropy. token entropy. token entropy. Um yeah, I mean this it looks like a Um yeah, I mean this it looks like a Um yeah, I mean this it looks like a small difference, right? But like I small difference, right? But like I small difference, right? But like I don't know they also are showing don't know they also are showing don't know they also are showing kind of these kind of these kind of these these plus five points of increase plus these plus five points of increase plus these plus five points of increase plus six points of increase and that does six points of increase and that does six points of increase and that does count as like a big difference in the count as like a big difference in the count as like a big difference in the literature, right? literature, right? literature, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So I don't know if you squint &gt;&gt; So I don't know if you squint &gt;&gt; So I don't know if you squint I guess I guess I guess I guess it is like &gt;&gt; this is also quen 2.57b. And what do &gt;&gt; this is also quen 2.57b. And what do &gt;&gt; this is also quen 2.57b. And what do they see? Quint 2.5 they see? Quint 2.5 they see? Quint 2.5 7B. Yeah, it's it's kind of in range. 7B. Yeah, it's it's kind of in range. 7B. Yeah, it's it's kind of in range. Plus two plus three on this table. Quinn 3 4B looks so on this table. Quinn 3 4B looks so on this table. Quinn 3 4B looks so impressive compared to impressive compared to impressive compared to a llama 8B and 4B is fairly small. Makes a llama 8B and 4B is fairly small. Makes a llama 8B and 4B is fairly small. Makes me want to experiment with it because me want to experiment with it because me want to experiment with it because you can literally do these experiments you can literally do these experiments you can literally do these experiments at home with 4B model. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They really they get good Yeah. Yeah. They really they get good Yeah. Yeah. They really they get good good results and even good results on good results and even good results on good results and even good results on top of uh results are already very high top of uh results are already very high top of uh results are already very high at least. Yeah, I would echo your concerns about Yeah, I would echo your concerns about Yeah, I would echo your concerns about their their their validate or their choice of strategic validate or their choice of strategic validate or their choice of strategic versus versus versus um low-level tokens. It reminds me of um low-level tokens. It reminds me of um low-level tokens. It reminds me of that seal paper I I did the steerable that seal paper I I did the steerable that seal paper I I did the steerable vector where they chose vector where they chose vector where they chose reflection reflection reflection execution and execution and execution and &gt;&gt; oh yeah &gt;&gt; oh yeah &gt;&gt; oh yeah &gt;&gt; uh tokens &gt;&gt; uh tokens &gt;&gt; uh tokens &gt;&gt; and then injected a steerable vector to &gt;&gt; and then injected a steerable vector to &gt;&gt; and then injected a steerable vector to yeah guide guide it using Laura yeah guide guide it using Laura yeah guide guide it using Laura and you can almost choose anything they and you can almost choose anything they and you can almost choose anything they chose was yeah strategic. But if they put that yeah strategic. But if they put that yeah strategic. But if they put that line anywhere else, what would what line anywhere else, what would what line anywhere else, what would what would the results be? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I remember that. &gt;&gt; Um or or if they just optimized like &gt;&gt; Um or or if they just optimized like &gt;&gt; Um or or if they just optimized like because they they're adding the penalty, because they they're adding the penalty, because they they're adding the penalty, right? If if they just added that or right? If if they just added that or right? If if they just added that or they added the reward. If they just they added the reward. If they just they added the reward. If they just added that reward to backtracking or if added that reward to backtracking or if added that reward to backtracking or if they just added that reward to they just added that reward to they just added that reward to logistical logistical logistical reflections, reflections, reflections, how would that how would that how would that influence it as opposed to Yeah. influence it as opposed to Yeah. influence it as opposed to Yeah. grouping all those three into grouping all those three into grouping all those three into strategic? strategic? strategic? &gt;&gt; It's a good point. Yeah. Yeah. They &gt;&gt; It's a good point. Yeah. Yeah. They &gt;&gt; It's a good point. Yeah. Yeah. They don't even they don't even have methods don't even they don't even have methods don't even they don't even have methods to identify um logical deductions, to identify um logical deductions, to identify um logical deductions, batcheing or branching. Um these are batcheing or branching. Um these are batcheing or branching. Um these are just an LLM could do it easily. An just an LLM could do it easily. An just an LLM could do it easily. An embedding model or yeah something could embedding model or yeah something could embedding model or yeah something could could do that quite truthfully. could do that quite truthfully. could do that quite truthfully. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. Right. I do think that um &gt;&gt; Right. Right. Right. I do think that um &gt;&gt; Right. Right. Right. I do think that um kind of some some like clear follow on kind of some some like clear follow on kind of some some like clear follow on this would be to refine the strategic this would be to refine the strategic this would be to refine the strategic graet and like it's kind of e it would graet and like it's kind of e it would graet and like it's kind of e it would be really easy to do that with an LLM. be really easy to do that with an LLM. be really easy to do that with an LLM. Uh Uh Uh but I yeah talking about your steering but I yeah talking about your steering but I yeah talking about your steering vectors paper I also was thinking that vectors paper I also was thinking that vectors paper I also was thinking that kind of I just wonder what kinds of kind of I just wonder what kinds of kind of I just wonder what kinds of planning steps happen that are not planning steps happen that are not planning steps happen that are not directly executed in the tokens. Um I directly executed in the tokens. Um I directly executed in the tokens. Um I think that I think that yeah maybe parts think that I think that yeah maybe parts think that I think that yeah maybe parts of planning are not directly expressed of planning are not directly expressed of planning are not directly expressed or maybe aren't yet being expressed in or maybe aren't yet being expressed in or maybe aren't yet being expressed in these reasoning models as tokens. But these reasoning models as tokens. But these reasoning models as tokens. But but yeah, I think that yeah, I think you but yeah, I think that yeah, I think you but yeah, I think that yeah, I think you raised a good point like they could they raised a good point like they could they raised a good point like they could they could look at each one of these could look at each one of these could look at each one of these individually or something else. individually or something else. individually or something else. Uh that paper I think the main finding Uh that paper I think the main finding Uh that paper I think the main finding was was was reflection tokens and transition tokens reflection tokens and transition tokens reflection tokens and transition tokens when the model went off when the model went off when the model went off um yeah going down a bad path those got um yeah going down a bad path those got um yeah going down a bad path those got very high. So they wanted to reduce very high. So they wanted to reduce very high. So they wanted to reduce those. And so here those. And so here those. And so here if it's going down a a bad path then if it's going down a a bad path then if it's going down a a bad path then obviously the geo the yeah the chain of obviously the geo the yeah the chain of obviously the geo the yeah the chain of thought is increasing thought is increasing thought is increasing but but but also I would probably say reflection and also I would probably say reflection and also I would probably say reflection and transition tokens are are strategic transition tokens are are strategic transition tokens are are strategic tokens so they would be increasing tokens so they would be increasing tokens so they would be increasing as well. as well. as well. So it So it So it &gt;&gt; is it is it a different conclusion from &gt;&gt; is it is it a different conclusion from &gt;&gt; is it is it a different conclusion from from this that they saw well I guess from this that they saw well I guess from this that they saw well I guess that on that paper they studied that on that paper they studied that on that paper they studied difficulty of problems here they didn't difficulty of problems here they didn't difficulty of problems here they didn't look at problem difficulty or or cases look at problem difficulty or or cases look at problem difficulty or or cases where they went off track where they went off track where they went off track &gt;&gt; um yeah that's that's a really good &gt;&gt; um yeah that's that's a really good &gt;&gt; um yeah that's that's a really good point I mean I think I would say two point I mean I think I would say two point I mean I think I would say two things one is that things one is that things one is that um I don't think that just like um I don't think that just like um I don't think that just like intuitively I don't think that intuitively I don't think that intuitively I don't think that reflection tokens would get captured in reflection tokens would get captured in reflection tokens would get captured in this process this process this process because you really have to depend on because you really have to depend on because you really have to depend on like these tokens are are among the most like these tokens are are among the most like these tokens are are among the most common grams across problems. common grams across problems. common grams across problems. So if they're like you know reflecting So if they're like you know reflecting So if they're like you know reflecting about a specific execution thread, I about a specific execution thread, I about a specific execution thread, I would expect them to be a little bit would expect them to be a little bit would expect them to be a little bit more specific and maybe they wouldn't more specific and maybe they wouldn't more specific and maybe they wouldn't appear in the top 20%. appear in the top 20%. appear in the top 20%. Uh that being said, yeah, they didn't Uh that being said, yeah, they didn't Uh that being said, yeah, they didn't look at problem difficulty. Um look at problem difficulty. Um look at problem difficulty. Um but I would Okay, the last comment that but I would Okay, the last comment that but I would Okay, the last comment that I want to make on that is like is point I want to make on that is like is point I want to make on that is like is point number three. So number three. So number three. So they're not just they're not just they're not just they're not just they're not just they're not just encouraging more of these tokens where I encouraging more of these tokens where I encouraging more of these tokens where I feel like maybe unless I'm incorrect I feel like maybe unless I'm incorrect I feel like maybe unless I'm incorrect I feel like the steering paper was just feel like the steering paper was just feel like the steering paper was just trying to encourage less of those trying to encourage less of those trying to encourage less of those tokens. tokens. tokens. What these guys are doing is that What these guys are doing is that What these guys are doing is that they're trying to encourage more of they're trying to encourage more of they're trying to encourage more of these tokens but also learn the right these tokens but also learn the right these tokens but also learn the right way to use those tokens. way to use those tokens. way to use those tokens. So like they're trying to generate them So like they're trying to generate them So like they're trying to generate them more but then reward the ones that are more but then reward the ones that are more but then reward the ones that are correct or the ones that are part of correct or the ones that are part of correct or the ones that are part of correct threads. correct threads. correct threads. And there's they're trying to say over And there's they're trying to say over And there's they're trying to say over time that that's going to lead to time that that's going to lead to time that that's going to lead to something more nuanced that's going to something more nuanced that's going to something more nuanced that's going to lead to kind of a better understanding lead to kind of a better understanding lead to kind of a better understanding of exploration and planning strategies of exploration and planning strategies of exploration and planning strategies and all of that. Does that make sense? Yeah, it does. And Does that make sense? Yeah, it does. And Does that make sense? Yeah, it does. And and it is a division between high level and it is a division between high level and it is a division between high level and low level where mid track like high and low level where mid track like high and low level where mid track like high level obviously at the beginning of the level obviously at the beginning of the level obviously at the beginning of the reasoning process you're thinking more reasoning process you're thinking more reasoning process you're thinking more high level and how to do it but you also high level and how to do it but you also high level and how to do it but you also do it in the middle of the reasoning do it in the middle of the reasoning do it in the middle of the reasoning process as well. process as well. process as well. So you want to encourage it at an A So you want to encourage it at an A So you want to encourage it at an A time.
