In this video, you're going to learn how In this video, you're going to learn how In this video, you're going to learn how you can build a AI agent from scratch, you can build a AI agent from scratch, you can build a AI agent from scratch, create a REST API, and we're going to be create a REST API, and we're going to be create a REST API, and we're going to be building a Docker file to create a building a Docker file to create a building a Docker file to create a container that we are going to be container that we are going to be container that we are going to be deploying to production. Our AI agent deploying to production. Our AI agent deploying to production. Our AI agent will be able to use three different will be able to use three different will be able to use three different tools to do unit conversions for us. Let tools to do unit conversions for us. Let tools to do unit conversions for us. Let me show you what is the final me show you what is the final me show you what is the final experience. We're going to be using a experience. We're going to be using a experience. We're going to be using a sample query. This is now connected to sample query. This is now connected to sample query. This is now connected to our production API. And here I'm going our production API. And here I'm going our production API. And here I'm going to say I need to convert 10 mi to to say I need to convert 10 mi to to say I need to convert 10 mi to kilometers and 150 lbs to kilog. And as kilometers and 150 lbs to kilog. And as kilometers and 150 lbs to kilog. And as you can see, the agent actually used two you can see, the agent actually used two you can see, the agent actually used two different tools convert distance and different tools convert distance and different tools convert distance and convert weight to give us the final convert weight to give us the final convert weight to give us the final result of 10 mi is equal to 16.09 km result of 10 mi is equal to 16.09 km result of 10 mi is equal to 16.09 km etc. Let's see how we can build all of etc. Let's see how we can build all of etc. Let's see how we can build all of this. So what exactly is an AI agent? this. So what exactly is an AI agent? this. So what exactly is an AI agent? One of the definitions here given in One of the definitions here given in One of the definitions here given in Simon Wilson's web block by Solomon Simon Wilson's web block by Solomon Simon Wilson's web block by Solomon hikes is an agent is an OM wrecking its hikes is an agent is an OM wrecking its hikes is an agent is an OM wrecking its environment in a whoop or another one environment in a whoop or another one environment in a whoop or another one that I really like as well is tools in a that I really like as well is tools in a that I really like as well is tools in a whoop. This is one given from entropic. whoop. This is one given from entropic. whoop. This is one given from entropic. This is another way to present the same This is another way to present the same This is another way to present the same idea of loom in a whoop. Here you can idea of loom in a whoop. Here you can idea of loom in a whoop. Here you can see that we have a user on the left and see that we have a user on the left and see that we have a user on the left and some sort of environment on the right some sort of environment on the right some sort of environment on the right and within the agent itself or within and within the agent itself or within and within the agent itself or within the brains of the agent if you will. At the brains of the agent if you will. At the brains of the agent if you will. At the center of it is an OM. This can be the center of it is an OM. This can be the center of it is an OM. This can be other model as well. Here you can see other model as well. Here you can see other model as well. Here you can see that this LM is getting input from a that this LM is getting input from a that this LM is getting input from a chat history. This is somewhat of an chat history. This is somewhat of an chat history. This is somewhat of an optional. And this LM will have access optional. And this LM will have access optional. And this LM will have access to a set of tools. In our case, we're to a set of tools. In our case, we're to a set of tools. In our case, we're going to be having tools for unit going to be having tools for unit going to be having tools for unit conversion. Once the two calls are conversion. Once the two calls are conversion. Once the two calls are actually returning some information, actually returning some information, actually returning some information, this information is going to be returned this information is going to be returned this information is going to be returned back to the LOM and based on this back to the LOM and based on this back to the LOM and based on this information, the LOM will take a information, the LOM will take a information, the LOM will take a decision. Okay, I'm done with the task decision. Okay, I'm done with the task decision. Okay, I'm done with the task that the user have asked me about or do that the user have asked me about or do that the user have asked me about or do I need to do some other processing in I need to do some other processing in I need to do some other processing in order to fulfill the request from the order to fulfill the request from the order to fulfill the request from the user? If a query is something like okay user? If a query is something like okay user? If a query is something like okay convert 50 kg to pounds then we're going convert 50 kg to pounds then we're going convert 50 kg to pounds then we're going to be using a single two and the will to be using a single two and the will to be using a single two and the will only call the convert kilog to pounds only call the convert kilog to pounds only call the convert kilog to pounds too or the vice versa of course then too or the vice versa of course then too or the vice versa of course then this tool is going to be returning uh this tool is going to be returning uh this tool is going to be returning uh some result and since this is going to some result and since this is going to some result and since this is going to be the end of the interaction and the m be the end of the interaction and the m be the end of the interaction and the m decides that then the is going to return decides that then the is going to return decides that then the is going to return an answer to the user and Now this swoop an answer to the user and Now this swoop an answer to the user and Now this swoop is going to be closed. Of course the OM is going to be closed. Of course the OM is going to be closed. Of course the OM can also interact with the chat history can also interact with the chat history can also interact with the chat history as an optional parameter and from there as an optional parameter and from there as an optional parameter and from there it is going to be able to have more it is going to be able to have more it is going to be able to have more interaction and more understanding about interaction and more understanding about interaction and more understanding about the conversation. If you want to get the conversation. If you want to get the conversation. If you want to get access to the complete source code that access to the complete source code that access to the complete source code that I'm going to go through this video and I'm going to go through this video and I'm going to go through this video and you want to get a complete AI you want to get a complete AI you want to get a complete AI engineering boot camp, go and subscribe engineering boot camp, go and subscribe engineering boot camp, go and subscribe to Mox Pro. There you can find a to Mox Pro. There you can find a to Mox Pro. There you can find a materials that are starting from basics materials that are starting from basics materials that are starting from basics of Python learning classical machine of Python learning classical machine of Python learning classical machine learning and statistics understanding learning and statistics understanding learning and statistics understanding deeper PyTorch. Then you're going to go deeper PyTorch. Then you're going to go deeper PyTorch. Then you're going to go through how you can write your prompts through how you can write your prompts through how you can write your prompts and even create CAS ARX AI agents and and even create CAS ARX AI agents and and even create CAS ARX AI agents and agentic workflows. So if you want to agentic workflows. So if you want to agentic workflows. So if you want to become a better AI engineer today, go become a better AI engineer today, go become a better AI engineer today, go and subscribe to AMAX for Pro. Thank and subscribe to AMAX for Pro. Thank and subscribe to AMAX for Pro. Thank you. I have the project open in my wok you. I have the project open in my wok you. I have the project open in my wok cursor instance and here on the left you cursor instance and here on the left you cursor instance and here on the left you can see all the dependencies that we're can see all the dependencies that we're can see all the dependencies that we're going to be requiring. We are going to going to be requiring. We are going to going to be requiring. We are going to be using lang chain and lang chain be using lang chain and lang chain be using lang chain and lang chain google ji and oama in this wo google ji and oama in this wo google ji and oama in this wo environment. I'm going to be using Oama environment. I'm going to be using Oama environment. I'm going to be using Oama to run the local OM and when we deploy to run the local OM and when we deploy to run the local OM and when we deploy the model to production I'm going to be the model to production I'm going to be the model to production I'm going to be using Gemini 2.5 flush to use the model using Gemini 2.5 flush to use the model using Gemini 2.5 flush to use the model as an LM. The more notable environment as an LM. The more notable environment as an LM. The more notable environment dependencies are the fast API that we're dependencies are the fast API that we're dependencies are the fast API that we're going to be using for our REST going to be using for our REST going to be using for our REST application and I'm going to be using application and I'm going to be using application and I'm going to be using MFU to show you how you can do actual MFU to show you how you can do actual MFU to show you how you can do actual observability and tracing of your observability and tracing of your observability and tracing of your lchain. AI agent. Our very first agent lchain. AI agent. Our very first agent lchain. AI agent. Our very first agent is going to be using just a single tool is going to be using just a single tool is going to be using just a single tool and we are going to be adding a single and we are going to be adding a single and we are going to be adding a single user message that the agent is going to user message that the agent is going to user message that the agent is going to be working with. Here we're going to see be working with. Here we're going to see be working with. Here we're going to see what an implementation of a agent or what an implementation of a agent or what an implementation of a agent or tools in a whoop actually looks like. tools in a whoop actually looks like. tools in a whoop actually looks like. And you can see the flow for this agent. And you can see the flow for this agent. And you can see the flow for this agent. You can see that we are doing a while You can see that we are doing a while You can see that we are doing a while through. So it is an infinite loop. uh through. So it is an infinite loop. uh through. So it is an infinite loop. uh based on that the AOM is going to decide based on that the AOM is going to decide based on that the AOM is going to decide whether or not it is going to stop the whether or not it is going to stop the whether or not it is going to stop the execution. Then you're going to see that execution. Then you're going to see that execution. Then you're going to see that we are invoking the model with the we are invoking the model with the we are invoking the model with the current history that we have. Then we're current history that we have. Then we're current history that we have. Then we're going to be adding the response of the going to be adding the response of the going to be adding the response of the model to the history. Print out the model to the history. Print out the model to the history. Print out the content of the response. And if we don't content of the response. And if we don't content of the response. And if we don't have any two calls, we're going to be have any two calls, we're going to be have any two calls, we're going to be stopping the flow of the execution. stopping the flow of the execution. stopping the flow of the execution. Otherwise, we're going to be iterating Otherwise, we're going to be iterating Otherwise, we're going to be iterating over the two calls and for each two that over the two calls and for each two that over the two calls and for each two that the model actually want to call. We are the model actually want to call. We are the model actually want to call. We are going to be calling this tool and adding going to be calling this tool and adding going to be calling this tool and adding the response as a message to the the response as a message to the the response as a message to the history. So now that you know what this history. So now that you know what this history. So now that you know what this whoop look like, let us go through the whoop look like, let us go through the whoop look like, let us go through the actual implementation. The first thing actual implementation. The first thing actual implementation. The first thing that you see here is that this convert that you see here is that this convert that you see here is that this convert weight to let me show you what this weight to let me show you what this weight to let me show you what this does. This is a simple function that is does. This is a simple function that is does. This is a simple function that is using the lang chain tool that is using the lang chain tool that is using the lang chain tool that is imported right here from the top. And imported right here from the top. And imported right here from the top. And this tool is very simple. As you can see this tool is very simple. As you can see this tool is very simple. As you can see the implementation says though it is the implementation says though it is the implementation says though it is going to get a value as an input from going to get a value as an input from going to get a value as an input from units and two units which are these two units and two units which are these two units and two units which are these two variables from the string kingdom that variables from the string kingdom that variables from the string kingdom that we have created here. And based on that we have created here. And based on that we have created here. And based on that it is going to do the actual conversion it is going to do the actual conversion it is going to do the actual conversion of the from unit to the two unit. The of the from unit to the two unit. The of the from unit to the two unit. The next important thing here is the prompt next important thing here is the prompt next important thing here is the prompt for our agent. This is going to be the for our agent. This is going to be the for our agent. This is going to be the system prompt that we're going to be system prompt that we're going to be system prompt that we're going to be adding at the first and then we're going adding at the first and then we're going adding at the first and then we're going to be adding the question that we want to be adding the question that we want to be adding the question that we want the user to answer here at the bottom of the user to answer here at the bottom of the user to answer here at the bottom of it. So you can see the format of this it. So you can see the format of this it. So you can see the format of this prompt. Uh we are essentially telling prompt. Uh we are essentially telling prompt. Uh we are essentially telling the model that it want to be using the the model that it want to be using the the model that it want to be using the tools that we're going to be providing tools that we're going to be providing tools that we're going to be providing and the conversion needs to be happening and the conversion needs to be happening and the conversion needs to be happening with the tools. Then this is given a row with the tools. Then this is given a row with the tools. Then this is given a row and a task. So the row is that it is a and a task. So the row is that it is a and a task. So the row is that it is a digital conversion agent and the task is digital conversion agent and the task is digital conversion agent and the task is to help the users make conversions to help the users make conversions to help the users make conversions between different values. So this is the between different values. So this is the between different values. So this is the prompt and after we get this prompt you prompt and after we get this prompt you prompt and after we get this prompt you can see here that we are creating this can see here that we are creating this can see here that we are creating this list of available tools. We're going to list of available tools. We're going to list of available tools. We're going to be doing this map that is mapping from be doing this map that is mapping from be doing this map that is mapping from the name to the tool function that we're the name to the tool function that we're the name to the tool function that we're going to be calling. Then we are going to be calling. Then we are going to be calling. Then we are initializing a chat model from initializing a chat model from initializing a chat model from langchain. And as you can see here, we langchain. And as you can see here, we langchain. And as you can see here, we are using a model provided of for the are using a model provided of for the are using a model provided of for the model itself I'm using.38 billion model itself I'm using.38 billion model itself I'm using.38 billion parameter model. This runs pretty well parameter model. This runs pretty well parameter model. This runs pretty well on even not so good machines. And from on even not so good machines. And from on even not so good machines. And from there you can see that we are actually there you can see that we are actually there you can see that we are actually binding the tools to the model. So we binding the tools to the model. So we binding the tools to the model. So we are passing the available tools. In this are passing the available tools. In this are passing the available tools. In this case, this is just the convert weight case, this is just the convert weight case, this is just the convert weight tool to our model. And now that we have tool to our model. And now that we have tool to our model. And now that we have this model, we're going to be creating this model, we're going to be creating this model, we're going to be creating the actual history. The history itself the actual history. The history itself the actual history. The history itself is going to be a single message that is going to be a single message that is going to be a single message that we're going to be using the prompt that we're going to be using the prompt that we're going to be using the prompt that I've shown you with the question that I've shown you with the question that I've shown you with the question that we're going to be embedding within the we're going to be embedding within the we're going to be embedding within the prompt. And this will be how many pounds prompt. And this will be how many pounds prompt. And this will be how many pounds are in 83 kg. Then we're going to be are in 83 kg. Then we're going to be are in 83 kg. Then we're going to be running the whoop right here. And at the running the whoop right here. And at the running the whoop right here. And at the end you see that we are actually calling end you see that we are actually calling end you see that we are actually calling this main function. Back in the this main function. Back in the this main function. Back in the terminal, let me run the agent. And you terminal, let me run the agent. And you terminal, let me run the agent. And you can see the first thinking output since can see the first thinking output since can see the first thinking output since we're using quentry which is a reasoning we're using quentry which is a reasoning we're using quentry which is a reasoning model. Here you can see that the model model. Here you can see that the model model. Here you can see that the model wants to call the function convert wants to call the function convert wants to call the function convert weight and the response itself. You can weight and the response itself. You can weight and the response itself. You can see that the user is presented with the see that the user is presented with the see that the user is presented with the response 83 kg is equivalent to 183 response 83 kg is equivalent to 183 response 83 kg is equivalent to 183 around that pounds. This conversion uses around that pounds. This conversion uses around that pounds. This conversion uses the standard factor of 1 kilg is equal the standard factor of 1 kilg is equal the standard factor of 1 kilg is equal to 2.2 lb. So you can see here within to 2.2 lb. So you can see here within to 2.2 lb. So you can see here within the thinking response that the model the thinking response that the model the thinking response that the model actually has called the convert weight actually has called the convert weight actually has called the convert weight function and this is the response that function and this is the response that function and this is the response that it got based on that. Of course, this is it got based on that. Of course, this is it got based on that. Of course, this is a very rudimentary output. Let's see how a very rudimentary output. Let's see how a very rudimentary output. Let's see how we can improve on that. We've seen a we can improve on that. We've seen a we can improve on that. We've seen a very simplistic AI agent and one of the very simplistic AI agent and one of the very simplistic AI agent and one of the important things that we've seen is that important things that we've seen is that important things that we've seen is that the model seems to be calling a tool and the model seems to be calling a tool and the model seems to be calling a tool and returning a correct response for us. Of returning a correct response for us. Of returning a correct response for us. Of course, this can be vastly improved and course, this can be vastly improved and course, this can be vastly improved and this will be now done into the next this will be now done into the next this will be now done into the next file. Here you can see that this is file. Here you can see that this is file. Here you can see that this is called a single to agent and here we're called a single to agent and here we're called a single to agent and here we're actually going to be able to take input actually going to be able to take input actually going to be able to take input from the user and based on that input from the user and based on that input from the user and based on that input we're going to be able to call the agent we're going to be able to call the agent we're going to be able to call the agent multiple times within a and on top of multiple times within a and on top of multiple times within a and on top of that we are also going to be able to that we are also going to be able to that we are also going to be able to stream the results. So this file right stream the results. So this file right stream the results. So this file right here, it is going to be using a lot more here, it is going to be using a lot more here, it is going to be using a lot more imports since we're going to be building imports since we're going to be building imports since we're going to be building a lot more functionality. And this time a lot more functionality. And this time a lot more functionality. And this time we're going to be using a full-fledged we're going to be using a full-fledged we're going to be using a full-fledged system prompt. Here you can see the system prompt. Here you can see the system prompt. Here you can see the prompt itself. It is very similar to prompt itself. It is very similar to prompt itself. It is very similar to what we had before, but this time I'm what we had before, but this time I'm what we had before, but this time I'm also giving it a bit more encouragement also giving it a bit more encouragement also giving it a bit more encouragement to use the tool itself. And I have also to use the tool itself. And I have also to use the tool itself. And I have also a list of tools. In this case, this you a list of tools. In this case, this you a list of tools. In this case, this you going to be just the convert weight to going to be just the convert weight to going to be just the convert weight to and then I'm saying that your final and then I'm saying that your final and then I'm saying that your final output must be a single conversational output must be a single conversational output must be a single conversational concise text response formatted in concise text response formatted in concise text response formatted in markdown. Then you can see that we have markdown. Then you can see that we have markdown. Then you can see that we have two more data classes. Those are going two more data classes. Those are going two more data classes. Those are going to be used for the response that the to be used for the response that the to be used for the response that the agent is going to be giving us during agent is going to be giving us during agent is going to be giving us during the streaming of the output the content the streaming of the output the content the streaming of the output the content chunk and then a two execution. So here chunk and then a two execution. So here chunk and then a two execution. So here we're also going to be able to output we're also going to be able to output we're also going to be able to output the tool call and the tool response. The the tool call and the tool response. The the tool call and the tool response. The convert weight uh tool is identical to convert weight uh tool is identical to convert weight uh tool is identical to the previous one and we have pretty much the previous one and we have pretty much the previous one and we have pretty much the same setup with uh creating the the same setup with uh creating the the same setup with uh creating the model binding the tools and creating a model binding the tools and creating a model binding the tools and creating a history but this time around we're going history but this time around we're going history but this time around we're going to be using a system message for the to be using a system message for the to be using a system message for the system prompt. And then we have our system prompt. And then we have our system prompt. And then we have our agentic loop which uh is going to be a agentic loop which uh is going to be a agentic loop which uh is going to be a function called ask. So this function is function called ask. So this function is function called ask. So this function is going to start by adding the user going to start by adding the user going to start by adding the user message to the history and then we are message to the history and then we are message to the history and then we are going to be having a limit of max going to be having a limit of max going to be having a limit of max iterations of our whoop. So even if this iterations of our whoop. So even if this iterations of our whoop. So even if this agent goes a bit longer, we're going to agent goes a bit longer, we're going to agent goes a bit longer, we're going to be able to essentially stop the whoop be able to essentially stop the whoop be able to essentially stop the whoop from continuing forever. And for each from continuing forever. And for each from continuing forever. And for each iteration within this Whoop, we're going iteration within this Whoop, we're going iteration within this Whoop, we're going to be adding the history or passing the to be adding the history or passing the to be adding the history or passing the history to the M. And then we're going history to the M. And then we're going history to the M. And then we're going to be calling dot stream method on the to be calling dot stream method on the to be calling dot stream method on the lang chain instance of this model. And lang chain instance of this model. And lang chain instance of this model. And for each chunk we're going to be for each chunk we're going to be for each chunk we're going to be yielding the response of the content. yielding the response of the content. yielding the response of the content. And if the chunk actually contains a to And if the chunk actually contains a to And if the chunk actually contains a to call, we are going to be storing this call, we are going to be storing this call, we are going to be storing this within our list. Once we have a final within our list. Once we have a final within our list. Once we have a final response, I'm also going to be storing response, I'm also going to be storing response, I'm also going to be storing the final and complete response to the the final and complete response to the the final and complete response to the history along with the two codes. And if history along with the two codes. And if history along with the two codes. And if we don't have any two calls, we're going we don't have any two calls, we're going we don't have any two calls, we're going to be returning from this function. to be returning from this function. to be returning from this function. Otherwise, I'm going to be calling the Otherwise, I'm going to be calling the Otherwise, I'm going to be calling the two call. This is very similar to what two call. This is very similar to what two call. This is very similar to what we had before. Also, I'm going to be we had before. Also, I'm going to be we had before. Also, I'm going to be using this response of two execution. using this response of two execution. using this response of two execution. Here, we're going to be walking the tool Here, we're going to be walking the tool Here, we're going to be walking the tool name, the arguments, and the result of name, the arguments, and the result of name, the arguments, and the result of the two execution. Then, we're going to the two execution. Then, we're going to the two execution. Then, we're going to be incrementing the number of be incrementing the number of be incrementing the number of iterations. And if this loops goes iterations. And if this loops goes iterations. And if this loops goes outside of this, we are going to be outside of this, we are going to be outside of this, we are going to be raising an error that says that the raising an error that says that the raising an error that says that the maximum iterations are reached. maximum iterations are reached. maximum iterations are reached. So for the COI, this is going to be a So for the COI, this is going to be a So for the COI, this is going to be a bit better. Uh we are going to be having bit better. Uh we are going to be having bit better. Uh we are going to be having this input that is going to be provided this input that is going to be provided this input that is going to be provided by the rich console which is a library by the rich console which is a library by the rich console which is a library that we're going to be using. And here that we're going to be using. And here that we're going to be using. And here you can see that we have also some form you can see that we have also some form you can see that we have also some form of live output of the information and of live output of the information and of live output of the information and we're going to be working the content we're going to be working the content we're going to be working the content chunk and then we're going to be also chunk and then we're going to be also chunk and then we're going to be also printing the tool execution itself along printing the tool execution itself along printing the tool execution itself along with the updated version of the with the updated version of the with the updated version of the response. Back in the terminal, let's response. Back in the terminal, let's response. Back in the terminal, let's now test our new agent. And I'm going to now test our new agent. And I'm going to now test our new agent. And I'm going to be using the same response. And here you be using the same response. And here you be using the same response. And here you can see now that the response is can see now that the response is can see now that the response is actually being streamed to us. You can actually being streamed to us. You can actually being streamed to us. You can also now see that the tool call has been also now see that the tool call has been also now see that the tool call has been called and you can see the actual inputs called and you can see the actual inputs called and you can see the actual inputs from unit kilogram to units pounds with from unit kilogram to units pounds with from unit kilogram to units pounds with a value of 83 and you can see the output a value of 83 and you can see the output a value of 83 and you can see the output of the tool itself. Then you're going to of the tool itself. Then you're going to of the tool itself. Then you're going to see that uh the agent is actually see that uh the agent is actually see that uh the agent is actually thinking on top of the result of that. thinking on top of the result of that. thinking on top of the result of that. And at the end you see the result that And at the end you see the result that And at the end you see the result that the AI agent is giving. 83 kg is the AI agent is giving. 83 kg is the AI agent is giving. 83 kg is equivalent to 182.98 equivalent to 182.98 equivalent to 182.98 lb. Our next agent is going to be able lb. Our next agent is going to be able lb. Our next agent is going to be able to call multiple tools and we are going to call multiple tools and we are going to call multiple tools and we are going to be increasing the difficulty here. to be increasing the difficulty here. to be increasing the difficulty here. The most notable differences here are The most notable differences here are The most notable differences here are that we're going to be adding two new that we're going to be adding two new that we're going to be adding two new tools. convert distance and convert tools. convert distance and convert tools. convert distance and convert temperature. So as you can imagine we temperature. So as you can imagine we temperature. So as you can imagine we have now other units the distance unit have now other units the distance unit have now other units the distance unit and the temperature unit. The functions and the temperature unit. The functions and the temperature unit. The functions or the tools themsel are very similar to or the tools themsel are very similar to or the tools themsel are very similar to what we had before. There are just what we had before. There are just what we had before. There are just simple conversion tools. And the simple conversion tools. And the simple conversion tools. And the importance of initializing this is that importance of initializing this is that importance of initializing this is that we are going to be providing the we are going to be providing the we are going to be providing the different tools to the agent right here. different tools to the agent right here. different tools to the agent right here. The rest of the code remains exactly the The rest of the code remains exactly the The rest of the code remains exactly the same. Let's run the agent. And this time same. Let's run the agent. And this time same. Let's run the agent. And this time we're going to be using this. How many we're going to be using this. How many we're going to be using this. How many pounds are in 83 kg and 10 km in miles. pounds are in 83 kg and 10 km in miles. pounds are in 83 kg and 10 km in miles. So here you can see that the model is So here you can see that the model is So here you can see that the model is starting to think and uh we are going to starting to think and uh we are going to starting to think and uh we are going to be able to see how it is going to call be able to see how it is going to call be able to see how it is going to call the tools and these are the two codes. the tools and these are the two codes. the tools and these are the two codes. know that uh this time those two codes know that uh this time those two codes know that uh this time those two codes were added and called once after were added and called once after were added and called once after another. another. another. And here you can see the final response. And here you can see the final response. And here you can see the final response. Here are your conversions. 83 kg 183 lb Here are your conversions. 83 kg 183 lb Here are your conversions. 83 kg 183 lb and 10 km 6.21 mi. Our next improvement and 10 km 6.21 mi. Our next improvement and 10 km 6.21 mi. Our next improvement is going to be a tracing addition with is going to be a tracing addition with is going to be a tracing addition with using MLO. MLO nicely integrates with LC using MLO. MLO nicely integrates with LC using MLO. MLO nicely integrates with LC chain. And you can see here that I'm chain. And you can see here that I'm chain. And you can see here that I'm setting up the ML4 tracking URI. I'm setting up the ML4 tracking URI. I'm setting up the ML4 tracking URI. I'm going to start the server in a bit. And going to start the server in a bit. And going to start the server in a bit. And then we're going to be setting the then we're going to be setting the then we're going to be setting the experiment name unit conversion agent. experiment name unit conversion agent. experiment name unit conversion agent. And all the magic is pretty much And all the magic is pretty much And all the magic is pretty much happening here. MFO.lankchain.outwalk. To run this example, we need to start To run this example, we need to start To run this example, we need to start the MFO server first. And once this is the MFO server first. And once this is the MFO server first. And once this is running, we can use our agent tracing running, we can use our agent tracing running, we can use our agent tracing file in order to redo the same thing. file in order to redo the same thing. file in order to redo the same thing. And note that when you run this, you're And note that when you run this, you're And note that when you run this, you're going to see experiment with name unit going to see experiment with name unit going to see experiment with name unit conversion agent that does not exist. conversion agent that does not exist. conversion agent that does not exist. And this going to be creating the And this going to be creating the And this going to be creating the experiment for us. Let's try the same experiment for us. Let's try the same experiment for us. Let's try the same query right here. query right here. query right here. And you can see that we're getting the And you can see that we're getting the And you can see that we're getting the same output. Nothing is changing. Once same output. Nothing is changing. Once same output. Nothing is changing. Once the run is complete, you can go to your the run is complete, you can go to your the run is complete, you can go to your MF4 UI and you should be able to see MF4 UI and you should be able to see MF4 UI and you should be able to see this unit conversion agent. Now when you this unit conversion agent. Now when you this unit conversion agent. Now when you go to the traces, you should see the go to the traces, you should see the go to the traces, you should see the output of the responses. And for output of the responses. And for output of the responses. And for example, if you come over here, you see example, if you come over here, you see example, if you come over here, you see that the agent is starting with the that the agent is starting with the that the agent is starting with the available tools. You can see their available tools. You can see their available tools. You can see their descriptions, arguments, etc. and you're descriptions, arguments, etc. and you're descriptions, arguments, etc. and you're going to be able to see the system going to be able to see the system going to be able to see the system prompt from the agent. Uh then you're prompt from the agent. Uh then you're prompt from the agent. Uh then you're going to be able to see the calls that going to be able to see the calls that going to be able to see the calls that the actual agent has done. How many the actual agent has done. How many the actual agent has done. How many pounds are in 83 kg and 10 km in miles. pounds are in 83 kg and 10 km in miles. pounds are in 83 kg and 10 km in miles. So you can also see the response from So you can also see the response from So you can also see the response from the tool itself. And if you go to the the tool itself. And if you go to the the tool itself. And if you go to the other traces, you can go throughout the other traces, you can go throughout the other traces, you can go throughout the complete implementation to call. These complete implementation to call. These complete implementation to call. These are the two results and finally you're are the two results and finally you're are the two results and finally you're going to be able to see the complete going to be able to see the complete going to be able to see the complete trace of the AI agent within your MFO trace of the AI agent within your MFO trace of the AI agent within your MFO instance. So in this way you can do instance. So in this way you can do instance. So in this way you can do tracing for your models and see tracing for your models and see tracing for your models and see completely what is happening under the completely what is happening under the completely what is happening under the hood when your AI agents are running in hood when your AI agents are running in hood when your AI agents are running in development environment and production development environment and production development environment and production environment. The final addition to our environment. The final addition to our environment. The final addition to our AI agent project is going to be the AI agent project is going to be the AI agent project is going to be the conversion of our simple walking agent conversion of our simple walking agent conversion of our simple walking agent to a fullborn rest API. And for that to a fullborn rest API. And for that to a fullborn rest API. And for that we're going to be using fast API. We are we're going to be using fast API. We are we're going to be using fast API. We are going to be providing just a single going to be providing just a single going to be providing just a single endpoint and this is going to be the ask endpoint and this is going to be the ask endpoint and this is going to be the ask endpoint. You can see here that this is endpoint. You can see here that this is endpoint. You can see here that this is an asynchronous function since we're an asynchronous function since we're an asynchronous function since we're going to be streaming the responses back going to be streaming the responses back going to be streaming the responses back to the client. In order to make this to the client. In order to make this to the client. In order to make this query work and this endpoint work, we're query work and this endpoint work, we're query work and this endpoint work, we're going to be using server send events and going to be using server send events and going to be using server send events and we're going to be returning a streaming we're going to be returning a streaming we're going to be returning a streaming response from our fast API application. response from our fast API application. response from our fast API application. type of text events stream and we're type of text events stream and we're type of text events stream and we're going to be using a now new function going to be using a now new function going to be using a now new function called response generator. Within this called response generator. Within this called response generator. Within this function, we're going to be returning function, we're going to be returning function, we're going to be returning different JSON parameters and uh data different JSON parameters and uh data different JSON parameters and uh data points. So, our client is going to be points. So, our client is going to be points. So, our client is going to be able to work with those. The new able to work with those. The new able to work with those. The new workhorse that is going to be able to workhorse that is going to be able to workhorse that is going to be able to convert our internal AI agent into a convert our internal AI agent into a convert our internal AI agent into a streamable REST API application is going streamable REST API application is going streamable REST API application is going to be this function called generate to be this function called generate to be this function called generate response. And in here you can see that response. And in here you can see that response. And in here you can see that this function is actually converting the this function is actually converting the this function is actually converting the two executions and content chunks into two executions and content chunks into two executions and content chunks into JSON responses that are going to be JSON responses that are going to be JSON responses that are going to be returned to the user. And uh you can see returned to the user. And uh you can see returned to the user. And uh you can see here that for the text content itself here that for the text content itself here that for the text content itself we're going to be returning just the we're going to be returning just the we're going to be returning just the context of the chunk. And for the two context of the chunk. And for the two context of the chunk. And for the two we're going to be returning uh two we're going to be returning uh two we're going to be returning uh two execution type with two name arguments execution type with two name arguments execution type with two name arguments result and the formatted two info which result and the formatted two info which result and the formatted two info which is going to be presented to the user. is going to be presented to the user. is going to be presented to the user. this root endpoint which is going to be this root endpoint which is going to be this root endpoint which is going to be used as a documentation for this API and used as a documentation for this API and used as a documentation for this API and uh we're going to be using uicorn to run uh we're going to be using uicorn to run uh we're going to be using uicorn to run the rest application itself. Another new the rest application itself. Another new the rest application itself. Another new thing about this fast API implementation thing about this fast API implementation thing about this fast API implementation compared to the previous ones is that compared to the previous ones is that compared to the previous ones is that now we are going to be using environment now we are going to be using environment now we are going to be using environment variables that we're going to be passing variables that we're going to be passing variables that we're going to be passing as a model name and a model provider. as a model name and a model provider. as a model name and a model provider. Since when we deploy this on a Since when we deploy this on a Since when we deploy this on a production environment, we're going to production environment, we're going to production environment, we're going to be using Gemini instead of a woama be using Gemini instead of a woama be using Gemini instead of a woama environment. This is my current WOC environment. This is my current WOC environment. This is my current WOC environment which we're going to be environment which we're going to be environment which we're going to be using for our WO development. And in using for our WO development. And in using for our WO development. And in this case, you can see that I'm still this case, you can see that I'm still this case, you can see that I'm still going to be using 38 billion parameter going to be using 38 billion parameter going to be using 38 billion parameter model along with an 01 provider. And model along with an 01 provider. And model along with an 01 provider. And we're going to be running the local host we're going to be running the local host we're going to be running the local host API on port 8,000. To run the rest API on port 8,000. To run the rest API on port 8,000. To run the rest server, we're going to be just starting server, we're going to be just starting server, we're going to be just starting our script. And this will start uvicorn our script. And this will start uvicorn our script. And this will start uvicorn server on our local host. And if you server on our local host. And if you server on our local host. And if you visit your local host on port 8,000, visit your local host on port 8,000, visit your local host on port 8,000, you're going to see the root endpoint. you're going to see the root endpoint. you're going to see the root endpoint. And if you go to swash docs, you're And if you go to swash docs, you're And if you go to swash docs, you're going to be able to see this nice going to be able to see this nice going to be able to see this nice swagger UI in which you're going to be swagger UI in which you're going to be swagger UI in which you're going to be able to see the two endpoints for the able to see the two endpoints for the able to see the two endpoints for the ask and then for the root endpoint with ask and then for the root endpoint with ask and then for the root endpoint with the rest API running. I am also going to the rest API running. I am also going to the rest API running. I am also going to be using our API client. This is a very be using our API client. This is a very be using our API client. This is a very simple COI application and this is going simple COI application and this is going simple COI application and this is going to be using the rest server. So I'm to be using the rest server. So I'm to be using the rest server. So I'm going to be passing this sample query. I going to be passing this sample query. I going to be passing this sample query. I need to convert 10 miles to kilometers need to convert 10 miles to kilometers need to convert 10 miles to kilometers and 150 pounds to kilograms. And now you and 150 pounds to kilograms. And now you and 150 pounds to kilograms. And now you can observe the streaming from your can observe the streaming from your can observe the streaming from your local rest API. Here on the bottom you local rest API. Here on the bottom you local rest API. Here on the bottom you can see the query that we have actually can see the query that we have actually can see the query that we have actually provided to the server and also we are provided to the server and also we are provided to the server and also we are sealing uh the two walks along with the sealing uh the two walks along with the sealing uh the two walks along with the output of the thinking of the agent output of the thinking of the agent output of the thinking of the agent and finally we are seeing the complete and finally we are seeing the complete and finally we are seeing the complete response along with another option to response along with another option to response along with another option to run another query. You can go ahead and run another query. You can go ahead and run another query. You can go ahead and deploy the fast API application as is, deploy the fast API application as is, deploy the fast API application as is, but I prefer to package it into a docker but I prefer to package it into a docker but I prefer to package it into a docker file. So, it is going to be able to much file. So, it is going to be able to much file. So, it is going to be able to much easier deployments. And in this case, easier deployments. And in this case, easier deployments. And in this case, I'm going to be using a multi-stage I'm going to be using a multi-stage I'm going to be using a multi-stage build. What this means is that I'm going build. What this means is that I'm going build. What this means is that I'm going to be having essentially one container to be having essentially one container to be having essentially one container for building the dependencies for the for building the dependencies for the for building the dependencies for the application and another one that is application and another one that is application and another one that is going to be actually shipped to going to be actually shipped to going to be actually shipped to production. This type of builds allows production. This type of builds allows production. This type of builds allows you to have a much bigger image for the you to have a much bigger image for the you to have a much bigger image for the building environment and only the things building environment and only the things building environment and only the things that you need and the dependencies that that you need and the dependencies that that you need and the dependencies that you need are going to be shipped to you need are going to be shipped to you need are going to be shipped to production and use a lot less storage. production and use a lot less storage. production and use a lot less storage. So in this case I'm going to be starting So in this case I'm going to be starting So in this case I'm going to be starting with Python 3.12 slim as a builder base with Python 3.12 slim as a builder base with Python 3.12 slim as a builder base and from there I'm going to be creating and from there I'm going to be creating and from there I'm going to be creating a working directory up. We're going to a working directory up. We're going to a working directory up. We're going to be updating and installing the build be updating and installing the build be updating and installing the build essentials and curl for this underlying essentials and curl for this underlying essentials and curl for this underlying Ubuntu environment. And from there, I'm Ubuntu environment. And from there, I'm Ubuntu environment. And from there, I'm going to be adding a new user called app going to be adding a new user called app going to be adding a new user called app user since I don't want to use the root user since I don't want to use the root user since I don't want to use the root user that is going to be installing the user that is going to be installing the user that is going to be installing the dependencies. Then I'm going to be dependencies. Then I'm going to be dependencies. Then I'm going to be adding a UV. So UV is going to be our adding a UV. So UV is going to be our adding a UV. So UV is going to be our package manager. I'm going to be copying package manager. I'm going to be copying package manager. I'm going to be copying the pi project and the UV work file to the pi project and the UV work file to the pi project and the UV work file to the current app directory. And then I'm the current app directory. And then I'm the current app directory. And then I'm going to be installing the dependencies going to be installing the dependencies going to be installing the dependencies from there. Since we have the build from there. Since we have the build from there. Since we have the build complete, I'm going to be using again complete, I'm going to be using again complete, I'm going to be using again the same slim instance as runtime. And the same slim instance as runtime. And the same slim instance as runtime. And from there, you can see that I'm also from there, you can see that I'm also from there, you can see that I'm also going to be installing the system going to be installing the system going to be installing the system dependencies, adding the user, and then dependencies, adding the user, and then dependencies, adding the user, and then I'm going to be getting the virtual I'm going to be getting the virtual I'm going to be getting the virtual environment that UV have also already environment that UV have also already environment that UV have also already provided for us. I'm going to be copying provided for us. I'm going to be copying provided for us. I'm going to be copying all our application code, which is are all our application code, which is are all our application code, which is are going to be the py files. I'm going to going to be the py files. I'm going to going to be the py files. I'm going to be using again the app user and I'm be using again the app user and I'm be using again the app user and I'm going to be running a health check that going to be running a health check that going to be running a health check that is going to be every 30 seconds we are is going to be every 30 seconds we are is going to be every 30 seconds we are going to be hitting essentially the root going to be hitting essentially the root going to be hitting essentially the root endpoint of this server that we're going endpoint of this server that we're going endpoint of this server that we're going to be running and from there we're going to be running and from there we're going to be running and from there we're going to be running our own script in order to to be running our own script in order to to be running our own script in order to run our woko docker container build I'm run our woko docker container build I'm run our woko docker container build I'm going to be using a docker compose and going to be using a docker compose and going to be using a docker compose and since I want our docker compose to be since I want our docker compose to be since I want our docker compose to be actually calling my wokama instance that actually calling my wokama instance that actually calling my wokama instance that I'm going to be running on my host I'm going to be running on my host I'm going to be running on my host machine. I'm going to be using a machine. I'm going to be using a machine. I'm going to be using a environment variable here all host and environment variable here all host and environment variable here all host and this is going to be pointing to host this is going to be pointing to host this is going to be pointing to host docker internal and I'm going to be docker internal and I'm going to be docker internal and I'm going to be setting here the environment variables setting here the environment variables setting here the environment variables with the port the host the model name with the port the host the model name with the port the host the model name and the provider also I'm going to be and the provider also I'm going to be and the provider also I'm going to be running the health check right here with running the health check right here with running the health check right here with our docker files and docker composer we our docker files and docker composer we our docker files and docker composer we can now use docker compose up this will can now use docker compose up this will can now use docker compose up this will go ahead and run the complete build once go ahead and run the complete build once go ahead and run the complete build once your build is complete. You should have your build is complete. You should have your build is complete. You should have your Unicorn running and this should your Unicorn running and this should your Unicorn running and this should also be available from your local host. also be available from your local host. also be available from your local host. Also, you should see the health checks Also, you should see the health checks Also, you should see the health checks running periodically and within your running periodically and within your running periodically and within your docker instance, you should have the docker instance, you should have the docker instance, you should have the container running AI agent from scratch. container running AI agent from scratch. container running AI agent from scratch. Also, you should be able to have this AI Also, you should be able to have this AI Also, you should be able to have this AI agent from scratch image as well. And agent from scratch image as well. And agent from scratch image as well. And when you go to your local host port 8000 when you go to your local host port 8000 when you go to your local host port 8000 swash docs, you should also see the rest swash docs, you should also see the rest swash docs, you should also see the rest API documentation. Nothing should be API documentation. Nothing should be API documentation. Nothing should be changed from the previous fast API wo changed from the previous fast API wo changed from the previous fast API wo room. Now that we have our docker file, room. Now that we have our docker file, room. Now that we have our docker file, we can use it to deploy our AI agent to we can use it to deploy our AI agent to we can use it to deploy our AI agent to production. And in this case, I'm going production. And in this case, I'm going production. And in this case, I'm going to be using render for that. I'm not to be using render for that. I'm not to be using render for that. I'm not sponsored or in any way affiliated with sponsored or in any way affiliated with sponsored or in any way affiliated with the company, but they do provide a free the company, but they do provide a free the company, but they do provide a free tier option that you can use in order to tier option that you can use in order to tier option that you can use in order to deploy your Docker files. And in this deploy your Docker files. And in this deploy your Docker files. And in this case, I'm going to be adding our Docker case, I'm going to be adding our Docker case, I'm going to be adding our Docker file to their web services. Of course, file to their web services. Of course, file to their web services. Of course, you need to have an account and this is you need to have an account and this is you need to have an account and this is free at least for now to register. Once free at least for now to register. Once free at least for now to register. Once you have your render account and you are you have your render account and you are you have your render account and you are within your dashboard within here you within your dashboard within here you within your dashboard within here you can set the deploy a web service button can set the deploy a web service button can set the deploy a web service button and you need to authorize access to your and you need to authorize access to your and you need to authorize access to your GitHub repository. This will be the ML GitHub repository. This will be the ML GitHub repository. This will be the ML expert io AI agent from scratch. Once expert io AI agent from scratch. Once expert io AI agent from scratch. Once you click this you'll be able to specify you click this you'll be able to specify you click this you'll be able to specify the name of the project. This is a the name of the project. This is a the name of the project. This is a docker. This is automatically detected docker. This is automatically detected docker. This is automatically detected by the environment. Uh here I'm going to by the environment. Uh here I'm going to by the environment. Uh here I'm going to be selecting the free tier and this be selecting the free tier and this be selecting the free tier and this should be enough for our instance. And should be enough for our instance. And should be enough for our instance. And now you need to specify the environment now you need to specify the environment now you need to specify the environment variables that we're going to be using. variables that we're going to be using. variables that we're going to be using. Since I'm going to be using a Gemini for Since I'm going to be using a Gemini for Since I'm going to be using a Gemini for this production environment, I'm going this production environment, I'm going this production environment, I'm going to specify a Google API key. Also here to specify a Google API key. Also here to specify a Google API key. Also here within the model name, you can see that within the model name, you can see that within the model name, you can see that I'm using Gemini 2.5 Flash. The model I'm using Gemini 2.5 Flash. The model I'm using Gemini 2.5 Flash. The model provider is Google Gen AI. The port is provider is Google Gen AI. The port is provider is Google Gen AI. The port is 8,000 and the host is 4 zeros. So now 8,000 and the host is 4 zeros. So now 8,000 and the host is 4 zeros. So now that you have set up all of this, you that you have set up all of this, you that you have set up all of this, you can click deploy web service can click deploy web service can click deploy web service and you will be presented with this and you will be presented with this and you will be presented with this build. And after a couple of minutes, build. And after a couple of minutes, build. And after a couple of minutes, your deploy should be live. When you go your deploy should be live. When you go your deploy should be live. When you go to your render URL on production, you to your render URL on production, you to your render URL on production, you should see exactly the same API should see exactly the same API should see exactly the same API documentation that we had before. And documentation that we had before. And documentation that we had before. And for example, you can try to call the for example, you can try to call the for example, you can try to call the root endpoint and you should double root endpoint and you should double root endpoint and you should double check that this is actually now check that this is actually now check that this is actually now returning the root response. And you can returning the root response. And you can returning the root response. And you can see here the request URL that we did see here the request URL that we did see here the request URL that we did back within my API client application. back within my API client application. back within my API client application. I'm going to be changing the local host I'm going to be changing the local host I'm going to be changing the local host URL to the one that we're going to be URL to the one that we're going to be URL to the one that we're going to be using to production. And now we can using to production. And now we can using to production. And now we can start the API client. Let's try our start the API client. Let's try our start the API client. Let's try our sample query as well here. And note that sample query as well here. And note that sample query as well here. And note that this time since we are using Gemini 2.5 this time since we are using Gemini 2.5 this time since we are using Gemini 2.5 flush, you just see the two calls which flush, you just see the two calls which flush, you just see the two calls which should be exactly the same. And you should be exactly the same. And you should be exactly the same. And you should also see the response from Gemini should also see the response from Gemini should also see the response from Gemini 2.5 wash. And you can also see that this 2.5 wash. And you can also see that this 2.5 wash. And you can also see that this is much faster compared to our WCO3 is much faster compared to our WCO3 is much faster compared to our WCO3 instance. So this is it for this video. instance. So this is it for this video. instance. So this is it for this video. We've built a complete AI agent from We've built a complete AI agent from We've built a complete AI agent from scratch starting with a very simple one scratch starting with a very simple one scratch starting with a very simple one that used just a single tool. Then we that used just a single tool. Then we that used just a single tool. Then we have added streaming and a rest API. We have added streaming and a rest API. We have added streaming and a rest API. We also built additional tools and created also built additional tools and created also built additional tools and created a docker container that we have deployed a docker container that we have deployed a docker container that we have deployed to production. Thank you for watching to production. Thank you for watching to production. Thank you for watching guys. Please like, share, and subscribe. guys. Please like, share, and subscribe. guys. Please like, share, and subscribe. Also join the Discord channel that I'm Also join the Discord channel that I'm Also join the Discord channel that I'm going to link down into the description going to link down into the description going to link down into the description of this video. Also, if you want access of this video. Also, if you want access of this video. Also, if you want access to the complete source code that I've to the complete source code that I've to the complete source code that I've shown you throughout this video, go and shown you throughout this video, go and shown you throughout this video, go and subscribe to Aboxer Pro. There you can subscribe to Aboxer Pro. There you can subscribe to Aboxer Pro. There you can also find a complete AI engineering boot also find a complete AI engineering boot also find a complete AI engineering boot camp. Let me know if you want to see camp. Let me know if you want to see camp. Let me know if you want to see other improvements to our AI agent and other improvements to our AI agent and other improvements to our AI agent and I'll see you in the next one. Bye.
