Hello and welcome to this short video Hello and welcome to this short video Hello and welcome to this short video where I want to talk about the value of where I want to talk about the value of where I want to talk about the value of an agent. an agent. an agent. So what is the value? Well, from a very So what is the value? Well, from a very So what is the value? Well, from a very high level perspective, it's the high level perspective, it's the high level perspective, it's the difference between benefits and costs. difference between benefits and costs. difference between benefits and costs. Now let's move to the context of copilot Now let's move to the context of copilot Now let's move to the context of copilot studio or the agents that we create studio or the agents that we create studio or the agents that we create there. And you can easily see from the there. And you can easily see from the there. And you can easily see from the analytics tab what are the costs. So in analytics tab what are the costs. So in analytics tab what are the costs. So in our term the credits consumed and what our term the credits consumed and what our term the credits consumed and what are the savings. Now that that's super are the savings. Now that that's super are the savings. Now that that's super high level. Let's dig a bit deeper how high level. Let's dig a bit deeper how high level. Let's dig a bit deeper how you arrive at these numbers. And the you arrive at these numbers. And the you arrive at these numbers. And the website you can um use to find up out website you can um use to find up out website you can um use to find up out about the credits consumed is um this about the credits consumed is um this about the credits consumed is um this one the billing rates and management one the billing rates and management one the billing rates and management where you see that different kind of where you see that different kind of where you see that different kind of answers cost different amounts of answers cost different amounts of answers cost different amounts of credits. And if you are interested in credits. And if you are interested in credits. And if you are interested in the monetary site have a look at um the the monetary site have a look at um the the monetary site have a look at um the co-pilot pricing. As a rule of thumb co-pilot pricing. As a rule of thumb co-pilot pricing. As a rule of thumb let's say um one credit consumed is like let's say um one credit consumed is like let's say um one credit consumed is like something like a scent. Yeah. So in my something like a scent. Yeah. So in my something like a scent. Yeah. So in my example, um if I say that that's a example, um if I say that that's a example, um if I say that that's a scent, then I spent $174 scent, then I spent $174 scent, then I spent $174 in my case. Yeah, the saving is $1,170. in my case. Yeah, the saving is $1,170. in my case. Yeah, the saving is $1,170. So there's a big difference. So the So there's a big difference. So the So there's a big difference. So the value in my example is of course value in my example is of course value in my example is of course positive. But let's have a look at the positive. But let's have a look at the positive. But let's have a look at the savings. How do you arrive at the savings. How do you arrive at the savings. How do you arrive at the savings? Yeah. And there are two savings? Yeah. And there are two savings? Yeah. And there are two options. One is for each run when options. One is for each run when options. One is for each run when something happens in your copilot studio something happens in your copilot studio something happens in your copilot studio agent you can calculate a saving or you agent you can calculate a saving or you agent you can calculate a saving or you can be more specific and use the savings can be more specific and use the savings can be more specific and use the savings per tool and that's what I did. So I per tool and that's what I did. So I per tool and that's what I did. So I have different tools here and for each have different tools here and for each have different tools here and for each tool I calculated the time that is saved tool I calculated the time that is saved tool I calculated the time that is saved if I use this tool and the money that is if I use this tool and the money that is if I use this tool and the money that is saved from this time. So that's saved from this time. So that's saved from this time. So that's basically what you have to specify. Now basically what you have to specify. Now basically what you have to specify. Now a big question is how do you arrive at a big question is how do you arrive at a big question is how do you arrive at these numbers? How do you get a clue how these numbers? How do you get a clue how these numbers? How do you get a clue how much working time you saved, how much much working time you saved, how much much working time you saved, how much money you saved? And well the answer is money you saved? And well the answer is money you saved? And well the answer is you need different tools for that. Yeah, you need different tools for that. Yeah, you need different tools for that. Yeah, one tool that you can use is of course one tool that you can use is of course one tool that you can use is of course activity based costing. That's something activity based costing. That's something activity based costing. That's something from finance and accounting and that from finance and accounting and that from finance and accounting and that helps you breaking it down how much time helps you breaking it down how much time helps you breaking it down how much time does a certain process take and how much does a certain process take and how much does a certain process take and how much money you save. And of course, process money you save. And of course, process money you save. And of course, process mining is also a tool that can help you mining is also a tool that can help you mining is also a tool that can help you with that. Yeah. If you need more with that. Yeah. If you need more with that. Yeah. If you need more information, um, have a look at my old information, um, have a look at my old information, um, have a look at my old blog post. Yeah. Um, in Wikipedia, you blog post. Yeah. Um, in Wikipedia, you blog post. Yeah. Um, in Wikipedia, you can find something about activity based can find something about activity based can find something about activity based costing. And if you have access, have a costing. And if you have access, have a costing. And if you have access, have a look at our Dynamics 365 EIP system that look at our Dynamics 365 EIP system that look at our Dynamics 365 EIP system that allows you implementing this activity allows you implementing this activity allows you implementing this activity based costing. And for process mining, based costing. And for process mining, based costing. And for process mining, well, um, have a look at Power Automate. well, um, have a look at Power Automate. well, um, have a look at Power Automate. Um, it's part of it. Yeah. and give it a Um, it's part of it. Yeah. and give it a Um, it's part of it. Yeah. and give it a try and see what you can do and get out try and see what you can do and get out try and see what you can do and get out of that. Yeah. And this gives you of that. Yeah. And this gives you of that. Yeah. And this gives you basically this benefits and cost for basically this benefits and cost for basically this benefits and cost for your agent. But well, now we had a look your agent. But well, now we had a look your agent. But well, now we had a look at what I call the monetary side of our at what I call the monetary side of our at what I call the monetary side of our cost benefit analysis. But there's more. cost benefit analysis. But there's more. cost benefit analysis. But there's more. Of course, we have also something that Of course, we have also something that Of course, we have also something that is nonmonetary. Let's have a quick look. is nonmonetary. Let's have a quick look. is nonmonetary. Let's have a quick look. What is that? And well, you might have What is that? And well, you might have What is that? And well, you might have seen this. If you scroll down to the seen this. If you scroll down to the seen this. If you scroll down to the analytics page, yeah, you see something analytics page, yeah, you see something analytics page, yeah, you see something like effectiveness, the usage of like effectiveness, the usage of like effectiveness, the usage of different tools. Um, then here you have different tools. Um, then here you have different tools. Um, then here you have the satisfaction. Um, kind of some up the satisfaction. Um, kind of some up the satisfaction. Um, kind of some up and down that people give. Yeah. So, and down that people give. Yeah. So, and down that people give. Yeah. So, this also helps you to analyze, hey, how this also helps you to analyze, hey, how this also helps you to analyze, hey, how is the how is my agent doing? And there is the how is my agent doing? And there is the how is my agent doing? And there is more if you really want from a is more if you really want from a is more if you really want from a technical perspective. Yeah, you can technical perspective. Yeah, you can technical perspective. Yeah, you can also link it to application insights to also link it to application insights to also link it to application insights to see more analytics from a technical see more analytics from a technical see more analytics from a technical perspective. That's not our focus. Yeah, perspective. That's not our focus. Yeah, perspective. That's not our focus. Yeah, but we rather focus on um the monetary but we rather focus on um the monetary but we rather focus on um the monetary the economic side of it. But now after the economic side of it. But now after the economic side of it. But now after all this talking, let's have a look at all this talking, let's have a look at all this talking, let's have a look at my demo machine um how you can set up my demo machine um how you can set up my demo machine um how you can set up and configure things. Okay, so I'm here in my agent in the Okay, so I'm here in my agent in the Okay, so I'm here in my agent in the analytics page. Yeah. And what you see analytics page. Yeah. And what you see analytics page. Yeah. And what you see here is basically the credits used and here is basically the credits used and here is basically the credits used and the money saved. Yeah. So um that's the money saved. Yeah. So um that's the money saved. Yeah. So um that's basically the the starting point for basically the the starting point for basically the the starting point for your value analysis. If you need more your value analysis. If you need more your value analysis. If you need more details, yeah, you can always um dig details, yeah, you can always um dig details, yeah, you can always um dig down into it. Yeah, there are always the down into it. Yeah, there are always the down into it. Yeah, there are always the C details um elements. So in my case, I C details um elements. So in my case, I C details um elements. So in my case, I can see here the billing trend, the cost can see here the billing trend, the cost can see here the billing trend, the cost distribution and so on. Yeah. Um from a distribution and so on. Yeah. Um from a distribution and so on. Yeah. Um from a savings perspective, if we scroll up savings perspective, if we scroll up savings perspective, if we scroll up again um here you can also see details again um here you can also see details again um here you can also see details of the money that was saved. Yeah. And of the money that was saved. Yeah. And of the money that was saved. Yeah. And if you want to configure it, yeah, you if you want to configure it, yeah, you if you want to configure it, yeah, you can come here, click edit, and then you can come here, click edit, and then you can come here, click edit, and then you can define the savings per tool. And can define the savings per tool. And can define the savings per tool. And that's what I mentioned in um the that's what I mentioned in um the that's what I mentioned in um the PowerPoint where you need to define, PowerPoint where you need to define, PowerPoint where you need to define, hey, what is the working time saved? hey, what is the working time saved? hey, what is the working time saved? What is the money saved? Yeah. Um then What is the money saved? Yeah. Um then What is the money saved? Yeah. Um then if you scroll down a bit you can see if you scroll down a bit you can see if you scroll down a bit you can see here um yeah the pass what is the here um yeah the pass what is the here um yeah the pass what is the outcome how many runs I had yeah um what outcome how many runs I had yeah um what outcome how many runs I had yeah um what is the answer quality and so on and here is the answer quality and so on and here is the answer quality and so on and here you have to be a bit careful um because you have to be a bit careful um because you have to be a bit careful um because it says um to get here the answer rating it says um to get here the answer rating it says um to get here the answer rating quality you need a minimum of 10 answers quality you need a minimum of 10 answers quality you need a minimum of 10 answers per day so if you do not have that then per day so if you do not have that then per day so if you do not have that then you see something what I see but if you you see something what I see but if you you see something what I see but if you regularly use it then you can see that. regularly use it then you can see that. regularly use it then you can see that. And of course you have also details here And of course you have also details here And of course you have also details here where you can see um what happened and where you can see um what happened and where you can see um what happened and um so on and further down we have um so on and further down we have um so on and further down we have knowledge sources used, triggers used knowledge sources used, triggers used knowledge sources used, triggers used and so on and so forth and also how and so on and so forth and also how and so on and so forth and also how [snorts] happy the people are with your [snorts] happy the people are with your [snorts] happy the people are with your agent. Yeah, all of that helps you um agent. Yeah, all of that helps you um agent. Yeah, all of that helps you um getting details. Now if you want to getting details. Now if you want to getting details. Now if you want to learn more about all of that, have a learn more about all of that, have a learn more about all of that, have a look at this site here. It's on look at this site here. It's on look at this site here. It's on Microsoft learn analytics overview. it Microsoft learn analytics overview. it Microsoft learn analytics overview. it explains the different elements. explains the different elements. explains the different elements. Um the other thing that I want to Um the other thing that I want to Um the other thing that I want to mention is about the billing. Yeah. So mention is about the billing. Yeah. So mention is about the billing. Yeah. So in my case I created this um agent in a in my case I created this um agent in a in my case I created this um agent in a specific environment and in this specific environment and in this specific environment and in this environment I have here a specific environment I have here a specific environment I have here a specific billing plan. Yeah. So this billing plan billing plan. Yeah. So this billing plan billing plan. Yeah. So this billing plan allows me to get a pay as you go allows me to get a pay as you go allows me to get a pay as you go billing. Now I set up something billing. Now I set up something billing. Now I set up something specific. specific. specific. So if we go one step further into the So if we go one step further into the So if we go one step further into the licensing part copilot studio and then I licensing part copilot studio and then I licensing part copilot studio and then I have here my co-pilot credits and what have here my co-pilot credits and what have here my co-pilot credits and what you see is in this environment. Yeah, I you see is in this environment. Yeah, I you see is in this environment. Yeah, I said hey I have 500 credits that I can said hey I have 500 credits that I can said hey I have 500 credits that I can consume and everything above that will consume and everything above that will consume and everything above that will go to this billing plan. Yeah. And go to this billing plan. Yeah. And go to this billing plan. Yeah. And that's what you see here. Yeah. So in that's what you see here. Yeah. So in that's what you see here. Yeah. So in total I will be build for 732 total I will be build for 732 total I will be build for 732 um credits so to say consume minus the um credits so to say consume minus the um credits so to say consume minus the 500 which is allocated to the capacity 500 which is allocated to the capacity 500 which is allocated to the capacity that I have in my tenant. Yeah. So in that I have in my tenant. Yeah. So in that I have in my tenant. Yeah. So in total sooner or later I will see um total sooner or later I will see um total sooner or later I will see um $12.32 $12.32 $12.32 that will be charged. Yeah. Of course that will be charged. Yeah. Of course that will be charged. Yeah. Of course things are not immediately live. There's things are not immediately live. There's things are not immediately live. There's a time lag in between. Yeah. But a time lag in between. Yeah. But a time lag in between. Yeah. But ultimately you will see this in in ultimately you will see this in in ultimately you will see this in in Ashure. So let us have a quick look. Ashure. So let us have a quick look. Ashure. So let us have a quick look. Yeah. so that you know how to find it uh Yeah. so that you know how to find it uh Yeah. so that you know how to find it uh how to find things. So my billing policy how to find things. So my billing policy how to find things. So my billing policy is linked to this resource group and in is linked to this resource group and in is linked to this resource group and in this resource group the first thing you this resource group the first thing you this resource group the first thing you see is nothing. Why? Because you have to see is nothing. Why? Because you have to see is nothing. Why? Because you have to change here the view. Um there are change here the view. Um there are change here the view. Um there are something um that is hidden and here is something um that is hidden and here is something um that is hidden and here is my billing plan. Yeah. So if you do not my billing plan. Yeah. So if you do not my billing plan. Yeah. So if you do not see your billing plan directly change see your billing plan directly change see your billing plan directly change the view and the other thing that you the view and the other thing that you the view and the other thing that you can do is you can make use of this cost can do is you can make use of this cost can do is you can make use of this cost analysis. Yeah. And also here there's a analysis. Yeah. And also here there's a analysis. Yeah. And also here there's a time lag until this is updated. Yeah. So time lag until this is updated. Yeah. So time lag until this is updated. Yeah. So let's have a look at what I consumed so let's have a look at what I consumed so let's have a look at what I consumed so far and what I see. So in my case it's far and what I see. So in my case it's far and what I see. So in my case it's $126. $126. $126. So not everything is visible here So not everything is visible here So not everything is visible here because if you go back then we should because if you go back then we should because if you go back then we should see here um in total $12.32. So in the see here um in total $12.32. So in the see here um in total $12.32. So in the next couple of hours I will hopefully next couple of hours I will hopefully next couple of hours I will hopefully see um the additional cents that will be see um the additional cents that will be see um the additional cents that will be charged here and that give you an charged here and that give you an charged here and that give you an insight of what happened with your insight of what happened with your insight of what happened with your agent. agent. agent. So that's it basically what I wanted to So that's it basically what I wanted to So that's it basically what I wanted to share with you. Uh so you have a really share with you. Uh so you have a really share with you. Uh so you have a really a rich set of tool sets that you can use a rich set of tool sets that you can use a rich set of tool sets that you can use from the analytics page. You can really from the analytics page. You can really from the analytics page. You can really drill down into the credits used into drill down into the credits used into drill down into the credits used into the savings uh and also here on top you the savings uh and also here on top you the savings uh and also here on top you have a summary what happened with your have a summary what happened with your have a summary what happened with your agent and how did it perform. So really agent and how did it perform. So really agent and how did it perform. So really a rich tool set that helps you a rich tool set that helps you a rich tool set that helps you calculating or getting an idea about the calculating or getting an idea about the calculating or getting an idea about the value of your agent. value of your agent. value of your agent. Okay. So that's it what I wanted to Okay. So that's it what I wanted to Okay. So that's it what I wanted to share with you. Thanks a lot for share with you. Thanks a lot for share with you. Thanks a lot for watching and listening and then till watching and listening and then till watching and listening and then till next time.
