Awesome copilot is one of my favorite Awesome copilot is one of my favorite Awesome copilot is one of my favorite repos on the internet because it's repos on the internet because it's repos on the internet because it's filled full of good stuff for GitHub filled full of good stuff for GitHub filled full of good stuff for GitHub copilot things like custom agents, copilot things like custom agents, copilot things like custom agents, prompts, instructions, skills, and so prompts, instructions, skills, and so prompts, instructions, skills, and so much more. So, for example, if you much more. So, for example, if you much more. So, for example, if you wanted some custom instructions, you tap wanted some custom instructions, you tap wanted some custom instructions, you tap on this awesome instructions. You get on this awesome instructions. You get on this awesome instructions. You get this full read of all sorts of stuff. If this full read of all sorts of stuff. If this full read of all sorts of stuff. If you're doing Maui work, network, Angular you're doing Maui work, network, Angular you're doing Maui work, network, Angular work, ASP.NET Astrowork, anything like work, ASP.NET Astrowork, anything like work, ASP.NET Astrowork, anything like that, and you can oneclick install that, and you can oneclick install that, and you can oneclick install directly into VS Code. But even better directly into VS Code. But even better directly into VS Code. But even better is a way of previewing all of that is a way of previewing all of that is a way of previewing all of that inside of VS Code. Tim Huer actually inside of VS Code. Tim Huer actually inside of VS Code. Tim Huer actually built awesome co-pilot extension for VS built awesome co-pilot extension for VS built awesome co-pilot extension for VS Code. You can easily get up and running. Code. You can easily get up and running. Code. You can easily get up and running. Let's check it out. So, I'm going to tap Let's check it out. So, I'm going to tap Let's check it out. So, I'm going to tap over here and I have my sort of project over here and I have my sort of project over here and I have my sort of project open. Let me go over into extensions and open. Let me go over into extensions and open. Let me go over into extensions and search for awesome copilot. Open it up search for awesome copilot. Open it up search for awesome copilot. Open it up and install this puppy. All right, we're and install this puppy. All right, we're and install this puppy. All right, we're good to go. I'm able now to come in and good to go. I'm able now to come in and good to go. I'm able now to come in and see all those same exact things, but I'm see all those same exact things, but I'm see all those same exact things, but I'm able to open the extension, browse able to open the extension, browse able to open the extension, browse categories, install them immediately. categories, install them immediately. categories, install them immediately. So, let's go over to the explorer. I'm So, let's go over to the explorer. I'm So, let's go over to the explorer. I'm going to collapse these down. Let me going to collapse these down. Let me going to collapse these down. Let me open up awesome co-pilot that's here open up awesome co-pilot that's here open up awesome co-pilot that's here now. And all I got to do is hit this now. And all I got to do is hit this now. And all I got to do is hit this little refresh button to have it pop up. little refresh button to have it pop up. little refresh button to have it pop up. And I can now start loading up all of And I can now start loading up all of And I can now start loading up all of the instructions. I can load up all the the instructions. I can load up all the the instructions. I can load up all the skills or custom agents that are coming skills or custom agents that are coming skills or custom agents that are coming inside of here. So, if I want the C inside of here. So, if I want the C inside of here. So, if I want the C expert, I can preview it. One click, expert, I can preview it. One click, expert, I can preview it. One click, load it up, name it into my GitHub load it up, name it into my GitHub load it up, name it into my GitHub agents, and boom, it's good to go. Let's agents, and boom, it's good to go. Let's agents, and boom, it's good to go. Let's go back over to the uh project agents. go back over to the uh project agents. go back over to the uh project agents. Boom, there it is. If I want to come Boom, there it is. If I want to come Boom, there it is. If I want to come back now, load this up. I'm able to come back now, load this up. I'm able to come back now, load this up. I'm able to come in, say, oh, you know what? I want a new in, say, oh, you know what? I want a new in, say, oh, you know what? I want a new instruction over here, and I want this instruction over here, and I want this instruction over here, and I want this accessibility instruction. Boom. Good to accessibility instruction. Boom. Good to accessibility instruction. Boom. Good to go. Just tap just like that. I can then go. Just tap just like that. I can then go. Just tap just like that. I can then open the file. I can see everything open the file. I can see everything open the file. I can see everything inside of my project automatically, inside of my project automatically, inside of my project automatically, which is really cool. Makes it really which is really cool. Makes it really which is really cool. Makes it really easy to come in automatically, keep easy to come in automatically, keep easy to come in automatically, keep things in sync, and go to town. What's things in sync, and go to town. What's things in sync, and go to town. What's really neat is he's extended it, so you really neat is he's extended it, so you really neat is he's extended it, so you can even manage different repos, too. can even manage different repos, too. can even manage different repos, too. So, if you have your own repo, you can So, if you have your own repo, you can So, if you have your own repo, you can do that. So, you can add a repository, do that. So, you can add a repository, do that. So, you can add a repository, remove repository, and even view sources remove repository, and even view sources remove repository, and even view sources as well, which is really, really cool. as well, which is really, really cool. as well, which is really, really cool. There's tons of other settings there, There's tons of other settings there, There's tons of other settings there, too. So, be sure to browse all of this, too. So, be sure to browse all of this, too. So, be sure to browse all of this, and I'll put a link to the repo and and I'll put a link to the repo and and I'll put a link to the repo and extension. Wow. Happy coding and awesome extension. Wow. Happy coding and awesome extension. Wow. Happy coding and awesome co-piloting.
