Want to give your enterprise AI agent Want to give your enterprise AI agent Want to give your enterprise AI agent superpowers? Here's how. Semaphorei superpowers? Here's how. Semaphorei superpowers? Here's how. Semaphorei agent platform combined with Docker's agent platform combined with Docker's agent platform combined with Docker's MCP gateway creates the most powerful MCP gateway creates the most powerful MCP gateway creates the most powerful enterprise agent development experience enterprise agent development experience enterprise agent development experience available. This partnership changes available. This partnership changes available. This partnership changes everything for enterprise agent everything for enterprise agent everything for enterprise agent development. Semai lets business users development. Semai lets business users development. Semai lets business users build sophisticated agents using plain build sophisticated agents using plain build sophisticated agents using plain English runbooks. No coding is required. English runbooks. No coding is required. English runbooks. No coding is required. Docker's MCP gateway adds instant access Docker's MCP gateway adds instant access Docker's MCP gateway adds instant access to hundreds of curated enterprise ready to hundreds of curated enterprise ready to hundreds of curated enterprise ready tools. The result? agents that can tools. The result? agents that can tools. The result? agents that can connect to Stripe, Box, Shopify, Slack, connect to Stripe, Box, Shopify, Slack, connect to Stripe, Box, Shopify, Slack, and many, many more platforms with zero and many, many more platforms with zero and many, many more platforms with zero configuration. Write your business logic configuration. Write your business logic configuration. Write your business logic in natural language, then tap into in natural language, then tap into in natural language, then tap into Docker's entire ecosystem of Docker's entire ecosystem of Docker's entire ecosystem of containerized tools, all with Enterprise containerized tools, all with Enterprise containerized tools, all with Enterprise grade security built in. Let me show you grade security built in. Let me show you grade security built in. Let me show you with a really quick example. I'll build with a really quick example. I'll build with a really quick example. I'll build a travel planning agent that helps our a travel planning agent that helps our a travel planning agent that helps our field team find accommodations for field team find accommodations for field team find accommodations for client visits. I have both Docker client visits. I have both Docker client visits. I have both Docker Desktop and Semoporei Studio installed, Desktop and Semoporei Studio installed, Desktop and Semoporei Studio installed, and I have already started building my and I have already started building my and I have already started building my agent. It has a runbook that simply agent. It has a runbook that simply agent. It has a runbook that simply describes the steps I want my agent to describes the steps I want my agent to describes the steps I want my agent to take. In this case, looking for specific take. In this case, looking for specific take. In this case, looking for specific type of events in my calendar and then type of events in my calendar and then type of events in my calendar and then looking for Airbnbs matching the defined looking for Airbnbs matching the defined looking for Airbnbs matching the defined criteria. I also have already added criteria. I also have already added criteria. I also have already added Google calendar tools from semaphore Google calendar tools from semaphore Google calendar tools from semaphore gallery and connected with my own Google gallery and connected with my own Google gallery and connected with my own Google account. Next, I will need the agent to account. Next, I will need the agent to account. Next, I will need the agent to be able to access Airbnb listings. And be able to access Airbnb listings. And be able to access Airbnb listings. And this is where Docker MCP toolkit comes this is where Docker MCP toolkit comes this is where Docker MCP toolkit comes to play. You'll see I currently have no to play. You'll see I currently have no to play. You'll see I currently have no MCP servers configured. I will browse MCP servers configured. I will browse MCP servers configured. I will browse the catalog of hundreds of servers uh the catalog of hundreds of servers uh the catalog of hundreds of servers uh for Airbnb and just add it with one for Airbnb and just add it with one for Airbnb and just add it with one click. That being done, I jump back to click. That being done, I jump back to click. That being done, I jump back to Sophia Studio and edit my agent and add Sophia Studio and edit my agent and add Sophia Studio and edit my agent and add an action. The first option on my list an action. The first option on my list an action. The first option on my list is Docker MCP toolkit. I simply add it is Docker MCP toolkit. I simply add it is Docker MCP toolkit. I simply add it and save my uh changes to my agent and I and save my uh changes to my agent and I and save my uh changes to my agent and I immediately see that Docker MCP toolkit immediately see that Docker MCP toolkit immediately see that Docker MCP toolkit is available for my agent. Two tools is available for my agent. Two tools is available for my agent. Two tools available, one for Airbnb listings and available, one for Airbnb listings and available, one for Airbnb listings and one for search. Once I reconnect with one for search. Once I reconnect with one for search. Once I reconnect with Google, my agent is ready to go and we Google, my agent is ready to go and we Google, my agent is ready to go and we can test it with an input like help me can test it with an input like help me can test it with an input like help me sort out this week of travel. First, the sort out this week of travel. First, the sort out this week of travel. First, the agent gets to work with Google and then agent gets to work with Google and then agent gets to work with Google and then with Airbnb. with Airbnb. with Airbnb. In the end, I have a couple of options In the end, I have a couple of options In the end, I have a couple of options to choose from. This is the power of to choose from. This is the power of to choose from. This is the power of combining Seafoia's business combining Seafoia's business combining Seafoia's business userfriendly agent platform with userfriendly agent platform with userfriendly agent platform with Docker's proven container ecosystem. Docker's proven container ecosystem. Docker's proven container ecosystem. Every tool follows the same security Every tool follows the same security Every tool follows the same security pattern. Every integration works the pattern. Every integration works the pattern. Every integration works the same way. And as Docker's ecosystem same way. And as Docker's ecosystem same way. And as Docker's ecosystem grows, your agents automatically get grows, your agents automatically get grows, your agents automatically get more capabilities. Semo for plus Docker more capabilities. Semo for plus Docker more capabilities. Semo for plus Docker enterprise agent development that's both enterprise agent development that's both enterprise agent development that's both powerful and simple. Here's how you can powerful and simple. Here's how you can powerful and simple. Here's how you can get started today. Download SEO for get started today. Download SEO for get started today. Download SEO for Studio from our website and visit our Studio from our website and visit our Studio from our website and visit our documentation to learn more about documentation to learn more about documentation to learn more about connecting Studio with Docker MCP connecting Studio with Docker MCP connecting Studio with Docker MCP toolkit. Want to see how easy it is to toolkit. Want to see how easy it is to toolkit. Want to see how easy it is to get MCP servers up and running? Try the get MCP servers up and running? Try the get MCP servers up and running? Try the Docker MCP toolkit right inside Docker Docker MCP toolkit right inside Docker Docker MCP toolkit right inside Docker Desktop. Curious about using MCP gateway Desktop. Curious about using MCP gateway Desktop. Curious about using MCP gateway to power your agent platform? Check out to power your agent platform? Check out to power your agent platform? Check out the Docker MCP GitHub repo. Link is in the Docker MCP GitHub repo. Link is in the Docker MCP GitHub repo. Link is in the description.
