[Music] [Music] [Music] All right. Thanks everyone. Thanks. Um, All right. Thanks everyone. Thanks. Um, All right. Thanks everyone. Thanks. Um, how was the launch? how was the launch? how was the launch? &gt;&gt; No, good. Good. Okay. Great. Of course, &gt;&gt; No, good. Good. Okay. Great. Of course, &gt;&gt; No, good. Good. Okay. Great. Of course, we can talk about later. All right. And we can talk about later. All right. And we can talk about later. All right. And here we are. Uh, I want you to quick here we are. Uh, I want you to quick here we are. Uh, I want you to quick before I go into the talk. Anyone from before I go into the talk. Anyone from before I go into the talk. Anyone from the New York local? the New York local? the New York local? Great. Anyone visiting from other Great. Anyone visiting from other Great. Anyone visiting from other cities? cities? cities? All right. So you probably can imagine All right. So you probably can imagine All right. So you probably can imagine like from our social media everyone like from our social media everyone like from our social media everyone imagine that New York is like a great imagine that New York is like a great imagine that New York is like a great place you have a lot of things the food place you have a lot of things the food place you have a lot of things the food the culture but however in the reality the culture but however in the reality the culture but however in the reality you might probably spot something for you might probably spot something for you might probably spot something for example the train is always late there example the train is always late there example the train is always late there also food truck everywhere so imagine also food truck everywhere so imagine also food truck everywhere so imagine you are dealing in the business your you are dealing in the business your you are dealing in the business your company are facing the digital company are facing the digital company are facing the digital transformation using agent agentic AI transformation using agent agentic AI transformation using agent agentic AI this is a world we are facing now this is a world we are facing now this is a world we are facing now there's kind of chaotic so many dynamics there's kind of chaotic so many dynamics there's kind of chaotic so many dynamics how do we learn from that about how to how do we learn from that about how to how do we learn from that about how to conquer that so that's what I talk about conquer that so that's what I talk about conquer that so that's what I talk about today. Okay, today. Okay, today. Okay, cool. I want to share a personal story. cool. I want to share a personal story. cool. I want to share a personal story. Uh this is probably uh one of the Uh this is probably uh one of the Uh this is probably uh one of the biggest projecting got involved. Anyone biggest projecting got involved. Anyone biggest projecting got involved. Anyone heard about the Wizard of Oz unaferee heard about the Wizard of Oz unaferee heard about the Wizard of Oz unaferee projects? Yes. So what we trying to do projects? Yes. So what we trying to do projects? Yes. So what we trying to do uh back in the day is my team got uh back in the day is my team got uh back in the day is my team got involved into the the project called involved into the the project called involved into the the project called Wizard of Oz and we're trying to use AI Wizard of Oz and we're trying to use AI Wizard of Oz and we're trying to use AI to transform the video become like in to transform the video become like in to transform the video become like in the seir theater in Vegas 180 degrees. the seir theater in Vegas 180 degrees. the seir theater in Vegas 180 degrees. So a lot of things was not in the So a lot of things was not in the So a lot of things was not in the original movie. So we're using AI to do original movie. So we're using AI to do original movie. So we're using AI to do that. But that's a challenge. Think that. But that's a challenge. Think that. But that's a challenge. Think about using AI is not the way to solve about using AI is not the way to solve about using AI is not the way to solve it. How do we using AI in different it. How do we using AI in different it. How do we using AI in different ways? We need to have the agentic maybe ways? We need to have the agentic maybe ways? We need to have the agentic maybe design a way. That's how we start design a way. That's how we start design a way. That's how we start thinking how do we solve the problem. thinking how do we solve the problem. thinking how do we solve the problem. Right? So I want to bring into this Right? So I want to bring into this Right? So I want to bring into this topic. Um this is me Jonathan Chen. Um topic. Um this is me Jonathan Chen. Um topic. Um this is me Jonathan Chen. Um nice meeting you all. And I'm the nice meeting you all. And I'm the nice meeting you all. And I'm the manager for the generative AI solution manager for the generative AI solution manager for the generative AI solution architect at Google Cloud. And my team's architect at Google Cloud. And my team's architect at Google Cloud. And my team's main mission, here's what we've been main mission, here's what we've been main mission, here's what we've been really privileged working with. My team really privileged working with. My team really privileged working with. My team building uh the cutting edge frontier AI building uh the cutting edge frontier AI building uh the cutting edge frontier AI prototype and solution. And our mission prototype and solution. And our mission prototype and solution. And our mission is to showcase what is possible for is to showcase what is possible for is to showcase what is possible for different scenarios, industry and maybe different scenarios, industry and maybe different scenarios, industry and maybe also different use cases. So we got very also different use cases. So we got very also different use cases. So we got very lucky and privileged working very lucky and privileged working very lucky and privileged working very closely with a high uh leadership at closely with a high uh leadership at closely with a high uh leadership at Google. We've been working with Sergey Google. We've been working with Sergey Google. We've been working with Sergey Buin if you know he know him that he's Buin if you know he know him that he's Buin if you know he know him that he's the founder of Google. So we've been the founder of Google. So we've been the founder of Google. So we've been working with a prototype for building working with a prototype for building working with a prototype for building for X game for SE brain but we also have for X game for SE brain but we also have for X game for SE brain but we also have a privilege working with a Sundar for a privilege working with a Sundar for a privilege working with a Sundar for Google AI but also with a Thomas Korean Google AI but also with a Thomas Korean Google AI but also with a Thomas Korean our CEO of a Google cloud that working our CEO of a Google cloud that working our CEO of a Google cloud that working on very many of the high visibility on very many of the high visibility on very many of the high visibility events. So my team's job is to taking events. So my team's job is to taking events. So my team's job is to taking sure what's the scenario what's the use sure what's the scenario what's the use sure what's the scenario what's the use cases what's the challenge for different cases what's the challenge for different cases what's the challenge for different industry then we build prototype to industry then we build prototype to industry then we build prototype to showcase this is the way to do it. showcase this is the way to do it. showcase this is the way to do it. That's why a lot of time we have so many That's why a lot of time we have so many That's why a lot of time we have so many many of the opportunity to think through many of the opportunity to think through many of the opportunity to think through hey saying using AI is not a solution hey saying using AI is not a solution hey saying using AI is not a solution how do we use the AI in the right way how do we use the AI in the right way how do we use the AI in the right way how do we use agentic AI in the right how do we use agentic AI in the right how do we use agentic AI in the right way that's what kind of challenge that way that's what kind of challenge that way that's what kind of challenge that we're facing my team facing every day we're facing my team facing every day we're facing my team facing every day okay okay okay all right so I want to frame today's all right so I want to frame today's all right so I want to frame today's talk it's not about hey here's a talk it's not about hey here's a talk it's not about hey here's a solution you can take away and starting solution you can take away and starting solution you can take away and starting but I want to frame this talk about but I want to frame this talk about but I want to frame this talk about here's some ideas here's some trend that here's some ideas here's some trend that here's some ideas here's some trend that we've been observing in the market and we've been observing in the market and we've been observing in the market and here's we've been seeing other companies here's we've been seeing other companies here's we've been seeing other companies other customer they've been using AI or other customer they've been using AI or other customer they've been using AI or aentic AI in different ways what kind of aentic AI in different ways what kind of aentic AI in different ways what kind of challenges they are facing and what kind challenges they are facing and what kind challenges they are facing and what kind of pitfall what kind of things we need of pitfall what kind of things we need of pitfall what kind of things we need to be aware I want to frame this today's to be aware I want to frame this today's to be aware I want to frame this today's talk about this way of course there will talk about this way of course there will talk about this way of course there will be a lot of talk about hey here's a be a lot of talk about hey here's a be a lot of talk about hey here's a genetic agentic AI that become the genetic agentic AI that become the genetic agentic AI that become the future that can become one of the things future that can become one of the things future that can become one of the things but I want to throw a few ideas for you but I want to throw a few ideas for you but I want to throw a few ideas for you and that will be your takeaway today and that will be your takeaway today and that will be your takeaway today all right so take a us. Think about how all right so take a us. Think about how all right so take a us. Think about how we got this stage today, right? And we got this stage today, right? And we got this stage today, right? And maybe a 100 couple hundred years ago, maybe a 100 couple hundred years ago, maybe a 100 couple hundred years ago, there's industrial revolution. You can there's industrial revolution. You can there's industrial revolution. You can imagine that was a time when the steam imagine that was a time when the steam imagine that was a time when the steam engine invented. There will be other engine invented. There will be other engine invented. There will be other cool things that come out from the cool things that come out from the cool things that come out from the revolution, right? And how that become revolution, right? And how that become revolution, right? And how that become the full automation today. You can the full automation today. You can the full automation today. You can imagine there is a time when there's imagine there is a time when there's imagine there is a time when there's comes an engine and people put together comes an engine and people put together comes an engine and people put together become assembling line and making sure become assembling line and making sure become assembling line and making sure there's all efficiency about how to make there's all efficiency about how to make there's all efficiency about how to make the product more faster and the cheaper the product more faster and the cheaper the product more faster and the cheaper and but coming out today maybe past a and but coming out today maybe past a and but coming out today maybe past a decade a lot of enterprises starting decade a lot of enterprises starting decade a lot of enterprises starting using the what they call rulebased using the what they call rulebased using the what they call rulebased engine or rulebased automation right as engine or rulebased automation right as engine or rulebased automation right as you can imagine here's how you think you can imagine here's how you think you can imagine here's how you think about the logic when A then does B or about the logic when A then does B or about the logic when A then does B or when B then does C this kind of linear when B then does C this kind of linear when B then does C this kind of linear logic that become like a full logic that become like a full logic that become like a full fundamental uh for the automation for fundamental uh for the automation for fundamental uh for the automation for the last past three uh maybe two or the last past three uh maybe two or the last past three uh maybe two or three decade right but of course you can three decade right but of course you can three decade right but of course you can imagine there could be a lot of imagine there could be a lot of imagine there could be a lot of limitation coming out if there's anomy limitation coming out if there's anomy limitation coming out if there's anomy there's exception there's always there's exception there's always there's exception there's always something that we've never seen before something that we've never seen before something that we've never seen before then thing can break pretty quickly then thing can break pretty quickly then thing can break pretty quickly right that's why a lot of companies right that's why a lot of companies right that's why a lot of companies spending a lot of time even including spending a lot of time even including spending a lot of time even including like consulting firm they're trying to like consulting firm they're trying to like consulting firm they're trying to come in understand the whole flow and come in understand the whole flow and come in understand the whole flow and try to manage this right so a lot of try to manage this right so a lot of try to manage this right so a lot of cost are coming into this that's why we cost are coming into this that's why we cost are coming into this that's why we kind of going into the AI error. So on kind of going into the AI error. So on kind of going into the AI error. So on the left hand side we all know that the left hand side we all know that the left hand side we all know that there will be a newer network. So doing there will be a newer network. So doing there will be a newer network. So doing prediction a predictive AI you have a prediction a predictive AI you have a prediction a predictive AI you have a model that can predict hey what your model that can predict hey what your model that can predict hey what your customer turn rates what's the weather customer turn rates what's the weather customer turn rates what's the weather for tomorrow or what's the bitcoin price for tomorrow or what's the bitcoin price for tomorrow or what's the bitcoin price for tomorrow show I want to know but now for tomorrow show I want to know but now for tomorrow show I want to know but now we going to into the next phase of a we going to into the next phase of a we going to into the next phase of a generated AI this will be powerful for generated AI this will be powerful for generated AI this will be powerful for by for example Gemini for example the by for example Gemini for example the by for example Gemini for example the open AI also and many many company open AI also and many many company open AI also and many many company coming out with the LM models right so coming out with the LM models right so coming out with the LM models right so and a lot of time being very repetitive and a lot of time being very repetitive and a lot of time being very repetitive but this is where we seeing what's the but this is where we seeing what's the but this is where we seeing what's the next chapter next chapter next chapter when we talk about the automation right when we talk about the automation right when we talk about the automation right the industry automation is the first way the industry automation is the first way the industry automation is the first way maybe a couple couple years back uh then maybe a couple couple years back uh then maybe a couple couple years back uh then here's the next evolution of the here's the next evolution of the here's the next evolution of the automation now take a pause here what automation now take a pause here what automation now take a pause here what does that mean to us what do you try to does that mean to us what do you try to does that mean to us what do you try to automate a lot of time we think hey automate a lot of time we think hey automate a lot of time we think hey automation could be just taking one task automation could be just taking one task automation could be just taking one task and making automatic done by human being and making automatic done by human being and making automatic done by human being here's a one scenario throwing out way here's a one scenario throwing out way here's a one scenario throwing out way but however we are facing a lots of but however we are facing a lots of but however we are facing a lots of challenges challenges challenges We may see some unpredictable things, We may see some unpredictable things, We may see some unpredictable things, complexities. There can be other complexities. There can be other complexities. There can be other scenario never seen before. Can we use scenario never seen before. Can we use scenario never seen before. Can we use this technology to design a way that this technology to design a way that this technology to design a way that solve your problem for you and more solve your problem for you and more solve your problem for you and more productive? Right? productive? Right? productive? Right? This is a number that you probably seen This is a number that you probably seen This is a number that you probably seen that before. However, Garner, they that before. However, Garner, they that before. However, Garner, they project that by 2027 more than 40% of project that by 2027 more than 40% of project that by 2027 more than 40% of the enterprise they will having been the enterprise they will having been the enterprise they will having been embedded with agentic AI. So, think embedded with agentic AI. So, think embedded with agentic AI. So, think about that. What does that mean? Does about that. What does that mean? Does about that. What does that mean? Does that mean like this is a solution? This that mean like this is a solution? This that mean like this is a solution? This is a way to go. Everybody has to adopt a is a way to go. Everybody has to adopt a is a way to go. Everybody has to adopt a genta maybe. Put that a thought. But the genta maybe. Put that a thought. But the genta maybe. Put that a thought. But the way that people starting to master a way that people starting to master a way that people starting to master a gentic AI today will be the thought gentic AI today will be the thought gentic AI today will be the thought leader in the market tomorrow. Think leader in the market tomorrow. Think leader in the market tomorrow. Think about that. Yeah. So that's why some about that. Yeah. So that's why some about that. Yeah. So that's why some ideas I want to throw out here to that ideas I want to throw out here to that ideas I want to throw out here to that you to take away. It's not about hey you you to take away. It's not about hey you you to take away. It's not about hey you have to use a jetting AI but it's more have to use a jetting AI but it's more have to use a jetting AI but it's more about can you do that something for about can you do that something for about can you do that something for today. Okay, everyone knows about LM, today. Okay, everyone knows about LM, today. Okay, everyone knows about LM, right? Yes. right? Yes. right? Yes. &gt;&gt; Okay, if we can give a talk later on. &gt;&gt; Okay, if we can give a talk later on. &gt;&gt; Okay, if we can give a talk later on. Yes, here's the problem. You throw into Yes, here's the problem. You throw into Yes, here's the problem. You throw into the model and the model give you the model and the model give you the model and the model give you something as output. Cool. Easy. Let's something as output. Cool. Easy. Let's something as output. Cool. Easy. Let's go zero shot approach. You can have go zero shot approach. You can have go zero shot approach. You can have multiple shot. You can have some multiple shot. You can have some multiple shot. You can have some examples. You can give it some output examples. You can give it some output examples. You can give it some output examples. So you give it something out. examples. So you give it something out. examples. So you give it something out. But this is still more like reactive But this is still more like reactive But this is still more like reactive model. You have to tell what the model model. You have to tell what the model model. You have to tell what the model to do exactly what you want. So we are to do exactly what you want. So we are to do exactly what you want. So we are seeing the trend which basically this my seeing the trend which basically this my seeing the trend which basically this my our observation across the whole our observation across the whole our observation across the whole industry we are seeing the evolution industry we are seeing the evolution industry we are seeing the evolution from out from LM starting from the from out from LM starting from the from out from LM starting from the single prom the single LM you get some single prom the single LM you get some single prom the single LM you get some output that you want yes that's great output that you want yes that's great output that you want yes that's great and people starting building maybe last and people starting building maybe last and people starting building maybe last year two years ago the people starting year two years ago the people starting year two years ago the people starting building rack right the retrieval building rack right the retrieval building rack right the retrieval augmentation uh the model basically you augmentation uh the model basically you augmentation uh the model basically you got some kind of infra infrastructure got some kind of infra infrastructure got some kind of infra infrastructure getting information you have a context getting information you have a context getting information you have a context from your databases all from that become from your databases all from that become from your databases all from that become augmentation about your information all augmentation about your information all augmentation about your information all from LM what's the next step people from LM what's the next step people from LM what's the next step people thought about hey maybe I can get thought about hey maybe I can get thought about hey maybe I can get multiple tools I can get to databases I multiple tools I can get to databases I multiple tools I can get to databases I can connect to maybe your ticket system can connect to maybe your ticket system can connect to maybe your ticket system I can connect to other things that I can connect to other things that I can connect to other things that become the LM rack and the tools that's become the LM rack and the tools that's become the LM rack and the tools that's why there lot of framework coming out why there lot of framework coming out why there lot of framework coming out for example lchan the ADK and many for example lchan the ADK and many for example lchan the ADK and many things out but we people not stopping things out but we people not stopping things out but we people not stopping there we're seeing many many more coming there we're seeing many many more coming there we're seeing many many more coming out become wrapping this together make out become wrapping this together make out become wrapping this together make that become agent that's why the concept that become agent that's why the concept that become agent that's why the concept agent comes out right it's not Because agent comes out right it's not Because agent comes out right it's not Because just one model you have other things just one model you have other things just one model you have other things supporting this agent this model to supporting this agent this model to supporting this agent this model to support you to get more context to get support you to get more context to get support you to get more context to get more responsive. So that's why people more responsive. So that's why people more responsive. So that's why people kind of grouping them become agent but kind of grouping them become agent but kind of grouping them become agent but the next wave is about can you put the next wave is about can you put the next wave is about can you put multiple agent together to achieve the multiple agent together to achieve the multiple agent together to achieve the one thing autonomously that's the trend one thing autonomously that's the trend one thing autonomously that's the trend was thinking about and this is happening was thinking about and this is happening was thinking about and this is happening today. today. today. So bringing back to the agent what is So bringing back to the agent what is So bringing back to the agent what is the agentic cycle what is agent actually the agentic cycle what is agent actually the agentic cycle what is agent actually doing right imagine I'm a person I'm a doing right imagine I'm a person I'm a doing right imagine I'm a person I'm a human uh maybe so I may be thinking human uh maybe so I may be thinking human uh maybe so I may be thinking about hey when I learn a new thing for about hey when I learn a new thing for about hey when I learn a new thing for example the last day yesterday I was example the last day yesterday I was example the last day yesterday I was learning about Japanese I try to learning about Japanese I try to learning about Japanese I try to perceive I try to read those characters perceive I try to read those characters perceive I try to read those characters and see what I understand that's the and see what I understand that's the and see what I understand that's the perceived stage then the next one is perceived stage then the next one is perceived stage then the next one is reasoning do I understand those reasoning do I understand those reasoning do I understand those characters how do I put them together characters how do I put them together characters how do I put them together become the sentences then the act become the sentences then the act become the sentences then the act meaning I put those tendencies I state meaning I put those tendencies I state meaning I put those tendencies I state it out to my Japanese friends then they it out to my Japanese friends then they it out to my Japanese friends then they don't really even understand what I'm don't really even understand what I'm don't really even understand what I'm saying then I learn I got the feedback saying then I learn I got the feedback saying then I learn I got the feedback this is same way when you design the this is same way when you design the this is same way when you design the agent become the for loop of learning so agent become the for loop of learning so agent become the for loop of learning so it's not that different from how human it's not that different from how human it's not that different from how human being learned about so imagine this is a being learned about so imagine this is a being learned about so imagine this is a full learning process you observe a per full learning process you observe a per full learning process you observe a per perceive then you also reasoning what's perceive then you also reasoning what's perceive then you also reasoning what's going on then also acts then become the going on then also acts then become the going on then also acts then become the full cycle of the learning then put that full cycle of the learning then put that full cycle of the learning then put that into more complex Like example, imagine into more complex Like example, imagine into more complex Like example, imagine you may have a one master agent that may you may have a one master agent that may you may have a one master agent that may be taking care of your master uh the be taking care of your master uh the be taking care of your master uh the goal, the main mission. For example, I goal, the main mission. For example, I goal, the main mission. For example, I want to master Japanese. Then the master want to master Japanese. Then the master want to master Japanese. Then the master agent will say, "Hey, okay, cool. Let's agent will say, "Hey, okay, cool. Let's agent will say, "Hey, okay, cool. Let's breaking down to sub aent for you, breaking down to sub aent for you, breaking down to sub aent for you, subtask for you." The first you want to subtask for you." The first you want to subtask for you." The first you want to learn some characters, you want to learn learn some characters, you want to learn learn some characters, you want to learn some sentences, you want to learn other some sentences, you want to learn other some sentences, you want to learn other things. Those sub agent will taking care things. Those sub agent will taking care things. Those sub agent will taking care what breaking down into submission. Then what breaking down into submission. Then what breaking down into submission. Then we'll be attached with different tools. we'll be attached with different tools. we'll be attached with different tools. For example, the tool can be going to For example, the tool can be going to For example, the tool can be going to your microservices, your API endpoint or your microservices, your API endpoint or your microservices, your API endpoint or maybe your database or internal maybe your database or internal maybe your database or internal document. Those will be the whole document. Those will be the whole document. Those will be the whole architecture look like hey if you want architecture look like hey if you want architecture look like hey if you want to put one mission just like in you're to put one mission just like in you're to put one mission just like in you're running a company you may have a CEO running a company you may have a CEO running a company you may have a CEO that CEO say hey that's breaking down that CEO say hey that's breaking down that CEO say hey that's breaking down the mission maybe to your marketing the mission maybe to your marketing the mission maybe to your marketing department maybe to your engineing department maybe to your engineing department maybe to your engineing department then sub agent will taking department then sub agent will taking department then sub agent will taking care subst task for you right that's one care subst task for you right that's one care subst task for you right that's one approach of it we'll cover many many approach of it we'll cover many many approach of it we'll cover many many more architecture there more architecture there more architecture there do you recognize all the organization do you recognize all the organization do you recognize all the organization chart from the social media chart from the social media chart from the social media I don't want to name the company I maybe I don't want to name the company I maybe I don't want to name the company I maybe uh insult them but you may recognize uh insult them but you may recognize uh insult them but you may recognize this chapter this organization diagram this chapter this organization diagram this chapter this organization diagram imagine when you designing a gentic imagine when you designing a gentic imagine when you designing a gentic system a janking AI sometimes it may system a janking AI sometimes it may system a janking AI sometimes it may feel like you're designing organization feel like you're designing organization feel like you're designing organization how you put those master or maybe the how you put those master or maybe the how you put those master or maybe the agent together how you put who taking agent together how you put who taking agent together how you put who taking care of the charge how you frame your care of the charge how you frame your care of the charge how you frame your architecture in a way what largely architecture in a way what largely architecture in a way what largely influences how this outcome become right influences how this outcome become right influences how this outcome become right all All right then I want to make sure all All right then I want to make sure all All right then I want to make sure uh this is very important think about uh this is very important think about uh this is very important think about automation automation automation but however when we say automation is but however when we say automation is but however when we say automation is not just making sure the task can be not just making sure the task can be not just making sure the task can be done automatically most of time in the done automatically most of time in the done automatically most of time in the business especially when we come when we business especially when we come when we business especially when we come when we doing a lot of like organization chart doing a lot of like organization chart doing a lot of like organization chart or maybe structure or maybe structure or maybe structure more about the workflow transformation more about the workflow transformation more about the workflow transformation right how you how you put the place how right how you how you put the place how right how you how you put the place how you starting the uh the task how you're you starting the uh the task how you're you starting the uh the task how you're breaking down the subtask into different breaking down the subtask into different breaking down the subtask into different department that basically the whole end department that basically the whole end department that basically the whole end to end workflow transformation. So this is way we think about maybe So this is way we think about maybe So this is way we think about maybe traditionally say hey let's do traditionally say hey let's do traditionally say hey let's do automation let's do step one two three automation let's do step one two three automation let's do step one two three then four then five that's how we design then four then five that's how we design then four then five that's how we design for example the rulebased engine that's for example the rulebased engine that's for example the rulebased engine that's how we design the task load that's how how we design the task load that's how how we design the task load that's how we design all the traditional automation we design all the traditional automation we design all the traditional automation but going to the agent AI era agent era but going to the agent AI era agent era but going to the agent AI era agent era world we are not doing this type of step world we are not doing this type of step world we are not doing this type of step by step we're basically framing AI agent by step we're basically framing AI agent by step we're basically framing AI agent in the center and putting together what in the center and putting together what in the center and putting together what the context the context the context what is all the things to support what what is all the things to support what what is all the things to support what could be the edge cases what the could be the edge cases what the could be the edge cases what the examples and putting and letting AI to examples and putting and letting AI to examples and putting and letting AI to learn by itself as you can see the sites learn by itself as you can see the sites learn by itself as you can see the sites the site code again perceive reason act the site code again perceive reason act the site code again perceive reason act and the learn the very important part is and the learn the very important part is and the learn the very important part is learn and we put the center agent in the learn and we put the center agent in the learn and we put the center agent in the center making sure all the things center making sure all the things center making sure all the things supporting that learning of course supporting that learning of course supporting that learning of course there'll be some time you need to make there'll be some time you need to make there'll be some time you need to make sure the AI actually learn and pick up sure the AI actually learn and pick up sure the AI actually learn and pick up but once it learn you don't need to deal but once it learn you don't need to deal but once it learn you don't need to deal with the maybe redesign the old steps with the maybe redesign the old steps with the maybe redesign the old steps imagine if there's any like exception In imagine if there's any like exception In imagine if there's any like exception In your workflow, you have to redesign the your workflow, you have to redesign the your workflow, you have to redesign the whole workflow. This is what in the whole workflow. This is what in the whole workflow. This is what in the past, right? That's why we think about past, right? That's why we think about past, right? That's why we think about it's not about automation, it's about it's not about automation, it's about it's not about automation, it's about the digital is no, serious, it's about the digital is no, serious, it's about the digital is no, serious, it's about workflow transformation. A few quick example for you is we are A few quick example for you is we are A few quick example for you is we are already seeing a gent AI everywhere, already seeing a gent AI everywhere, already seeing a gent AI everywhere, right? AI been transforming your right? AI been transforming your right? AI been transforming your shopping experience already. But it's shopping experience already. But it's shopping experience already. But it's not only the shopping on the website. not only the shopping on the website. not only the shopping on the website. You can think about is actually a master You can think about is actually a master You can think about is actually a master agent taking your request breaking down agent taking your request breaking down agent taking your request breaking down to other sub agent and doing for you. to other sub agent and doing for you. to other sub agent and doing for you. For example, there will be search agent, For example, there will be search agent, For example, there will be search agent, there'll be other for example your there'll be other for example your there'll be other for example your recommendation engine, there'll be also recommendation engine, there'll be also recommendation engine, there'll be also other things that doing all the subtasks other things that doing all the subtasks other things that doing all the subtasks together for you. So you already seeing together for you. So you already seeing together for you. So you already seeing that every day and this actually not that every day and this actually not that every day and this actually not just happening at Google but also for just happening at Google but also for just happening at Google but also for any any other company as well. They're any any other company as well. They're any any other company as well. They're thinking ahead how can they bring this thinking ahead how can they bring this thinking ahead how can they bring this agentic AI framework to the world. also agentic AI framework to the world. also agentic AI framework to the world. also happening same thing happening for the happening same thing happening for the happening same thing happening for the travel right imagine you are asking say travel right imagine you are asking say travel right imagine you are asking say hey I want to go to for example next hey I want to go to for example next hey I want to go to for example next month I want to go to Norway hey I want month I want to go to Norway hey I want month I want to go to Norway hey I want to get some maybe a really nice trip to to get some maybe a really nice trip to to get some maybe a really nice trip to see the northern light then I'll be the see the northern light then I'll be the see the northern light then I'll be the sub agent to taking care what should I sub agent to taking care what should I sub agent to taking care what should I prove what should I book where should I prove what should I book where should I prove what should I book where should I go what's my itinerary look like sub go what's my itinerary look like sub go what's my itinerary look like sub agent will been taking care of the rest agent will been taking care of the rest agent will been taking care of the rest and collecting together become the and collecting together become the and collecting together become the result right we are also been working result right we are also been working result right we are also been working many of the tribal company they already many of the tribal company they already many of the tribal company they already thinking ahead how can they side in a thinking ahead how can they side in a thinking ahead how can they side in a way that can be futurep proof way that can be futurep proof way that can be futurep proof but that's also the moment to for you to but that's also the moment to for you to but that's also the moment to for you to think about what's your business how can think about what's your business how can think about what's your business how can you bring the agentic AI for your you bring the agentic AI for your you bring the agentic AI for your business would that be just for business would that be just for business would that be just for efficiency adaptive how does that efficiency adaptive how does that efficiency adaptive how does that transform your workflow right this agent transform your workflow right this agent transform your workflow right this agent can be broken down many different way can be broken down many different way can be broken down many different way we'll cover that later but how would we'll cover that later but how would we'll cover that later but how would that become your goal what the problem that become your goal what the problem that become your goal what the problem you are solving I want to make sure this you are solving I want to make sure this you are solving I want to make sure this is also a very important key point But now let's take a look at okay cool But now let's take a look at okay cool But now let's take a look at okay cool we understand what aentic AI it sounds we understand what aentic AI it sounds we understand what aentic AI it sounds great it sounds a lot of opportunity you great it sounds a lot of opportunity you great it sounds a lot of opportunity you can do but how do you do that now we're can do but how do you do that now we're can do but how do you do that now we're going to the how part of you don't want to build from scratch of you don't want to build from scratch of you don't want to build from scratch you want to leverage like existing you want to leverage like existing you want to leverage like existing frameworks the tools the library the frameworks the tools the library the frameworks the tools the library the things technologies you probably heard things technologies you probably heard things technologies you probably heard like a lchen lingraph there's a google's like a lchen lingraph there's a google's like a lchen lingraph there's a google's ADK agent engine there's also autogen ADK agent engine there's also autogen ADK agent engine there's also autogen and many many things MCP and many things and many many things MCP and many things and many many things MCP and many things but even though those names differ maybe but even though those names differ maybe but even though those names differ maybe they have a slightly different in their they have a slightly different in their they have a slightly different in their design the pro the tool they provided design the pro the tool they provided design the pro the tool they provided however the concept still the same what however the concept still the same what however the concept still the same what we are providing is a framework a way we are providing is a framework a way we are providing is a framework a way that people can choose and pick what that people can choose and pick what that people can choose and pick what kind of architect you want to implement kind of architect you want to implement kind of architect you want to implement for your agentic AI this is probably the for your agentic AI this is probably the for your agentic AI this is probably the same same thing why Google offer not same same thing why Google offer not same same thing why Google offer not just basically a tool we are providing a just basically a tool we are providing a just basically a tool we are providing a ecosystem for example we have a agent ecosystem for example we have a agent ecosystem for example we have a agent engine you can host a multiple different engine you can host a multiple different engine you can host a multiple different things you have of agent framework you things you have of agent framework you things you have of agent framework you can use whatever you want lchain lane can use whatever you want lchain lane can use whatever you want lchain lane graphs uh Google's ADK or you can choose graphs uh Google's ADK or you can choose graphs uh Google's ADK or you can choose different models from the m garden right different models from the m garden right different models from the m garden right so what we seeing as a future is not so what we seeing as a future is not so what we seeing as a future is not just saying hey we as a Google we're just saying hey we as a Google we're just saying hey we as a Google we're taking care of everything it's more taking care of everything it's more taking care of everything it's more about the community what we're building about the community what we're building about the community what we're building as a whole ecosystem as a whole ecosystem as a whole ecosystem but it's the same it doesn't really but it's the same it doesn't really but it's the same it doesn't really matter matter matter but the core core concept the core core but the core core concept the core core but the core core concept the core core probabilities uh properties for agentic probabilities uh properties for agentic probabilities uh properties for agentic AI is the same you want to make sure AI is the same you want to make sure AI is the same you want to make sure your agents are atomic you also have a your agents are atomic you also have a your agents are atomic you also have a goal driven very important everybody goal driven very important everybody goal driven very important everybody think about hey can I just throw AI think about hey can I just throw AI think about hey can I just throw AI agent for this problem not solve agent for this problem not solve agent for this problem not solve automatically but you have to take a automatically but you have to take a automatically but you have to take a step back what the problem are you step back what the problem are you step back what the problem are you solving right and also important thing solving right and also important thing solving right and also important thing is adaptivity right how does agent being is adaptivity right how does agent being is adaptivity right how does agent being also quickly adapt to whatever they also quickly adapt to whatever they also quickly adapt to whatever they never seen before the new scenarios never seen before the new scenarios never seen before the new scenarios anomaly maybe exception right so those anomaly maybe exception right so those anomaly maybe exception right so those will be how agentic system being really will be how agentic system being really will be how agentic system being really powerful powerful powerful now let's go into really in details how now let's go into really in details how now let's go into really in details how we actually implement or build a a we actually implement or build a a we actually implement or build a a gentic AI system right from the left you gentic AI system right from the left you gentic AI system right from the left you can imagine you could just have one can imagine you could just have one can imagine you could just have one agent taking care of everything for you agent taking care of everything for you agent taking care of everything for you maybe one small task that can be what we maybe one small task that can be what we maybe one small task that can be what we saw before which is you have the the saw before which is you have the the saw before which is you have the the gentic cycle you have perceive learn gentic cycle you have perceive learn gentic cycle you have perceive learn sorry perceive reason act and learn sorry perceive reason act and learn sorry perceive reason act and learn right that's a whole cycle for the agent right that's a whole cycle for the agent right that's a whole cycle for the agent to take care It of course in the single to take care It of course in the single to take care It of course in the single agent architecture you can imagine this agent architecture you can imagine this agent architecture you can imagine this agent can be taking care of being agent can be taking care of being agent can be taking care of being responsible for too many things you responsible for too many things you responsible for too many things you probably heard there'll be hallucination probably heard there'll be hallucination probably heard there'll be hallucination there can be not enough example maybe there can be not enough example maybe there can be not enough example maybe agent not sure which one to go that's agent not sure which one to go that's agent not sure which one to go that's why the people introducing a lot of why the people introducing a lot of why the people introducing a lot of company introducing the multi- aent company introducing the multi- aent company introducing the multi- aent architecture the central part is what we architecture the central part is what we architecture the central part is what we saw is one way down you have a top down saw is one way down you have a top down saw is one way down you have a top down decision top down the one agent passing decision top down the one agent passing decision top down the one agent passing down to sub agent and going through down to sub agent and going through down to sub agent and going through different tasks right and that can be different tasks right and that can be different tasks right and that can be talking to different tools the re the talking to different tools the re the talking to different tools the re the resources like databases API endpoint resources like databases API endpoint resources like databases API endpoint microservices microservices microservices but the new wave that we are observing but the new wave that we are observing but the new wave that we are observing now is the last one which is called now is the last one which is called now is the last one which is called multi- aent collaboration so imagine you multi- aent collaboration so imagine you multi- aent collaboration so imagine you are not you are creating a company the are not you are creating a company the are not you are creating a company the structure is not like hey the one top structure is not like hey the one top structure is not like hey the one top down decision it's more like people down decision it's more like people down decision it's more like people collaborate maybe more like academic you collaborate maybe more like academic you collaborate maybe more like academic you have a sub agent many agents they take have a sub agent many agents they take have a sub agent many agents they take taking care of their own uh territories taking care of their own uh territories taking care of their own uh territories but at the same time they can even but at the same time they can even but at the same time they can even debate they can say hey I don't agree debate they can say hey I don't agree debate they can say hey I don't agree with other agent the output you can have with other agent the output you can have with other agent the output you can have a multi- agent become like a committees a multi- agent become like a committees a multi- agent become like a committees so that's a new wave that we think we so that's a new wave that we think we so that's a new wave that we think we are also observing how you define your are also observing how you define your are also observing how you define your agentic structure will largely influence agentic structure will largely influence agentic structure will largely influence his outputs right so I want to pause his outputs right so I want to pause his outputs right so I want to pause here to throw the idea it's not we here to throw the idea it's not we here to throw the idea it's not we saying hey you have to use this one or saying hey you have to use this one or saying hey you have to use this one or that one it's more about think about that one it's more about think about that one it's more about think about what kind of problems that you are what kind of problems that you are what kind of problems that you are solving solving solving okay So on top of that of course you okay So on top of that of course you okay So on top of that of course you have a lot of agents in the place and have a lot of agents in the place and have a lot of agents in the place and how do you orchestrate that how do you how do you orchestrate that how do you how do you orchestrate that how do you manage that together is also an art. For manage that together is also an art. For manage that together is also an art. For example you can have a sequence example you can have a sequence example you can have a sequence organization orchestration for example organization orchestration for example organization orchestration for example one agent pass down the task to the one agent pass down the task to the one agent pass down the task to the second one and pass out the third one second one and pass out the third one second one and pass out the third one once they have the third one has the once they have the third one has the once they have the third one has the result they coming back to the first one result they coming back to the first one result they coming back to the first one that's called the sequence or that's called the sequence or that's called the sequence or orchestration. You can also have a orchestration. You can also have a orchestration. You can also have a concurrent orchestration like the first concurrent orchestration like the first concurrent orchestration like the first one passing down to the second the tier one passing down to the second the tier one passing down to the second the tier they all walking together in the they all walking together in the they all walking together in the parallel or maybe you can have the parallel or maybe you can have the parallel or maybe you can have the hands-off pattern say hey this agent I'm hands-off pattern say hey this agent I'm hands-off pattern say hey this agent I'm done my agent A I've done my job I pass done my agent A I've done my job I pass done my agent A I've done my job I pass over to agent B and B just working in over to agent B and B just working in over to agent B and B just working in independently isolatedally and passing independently isolatedally and passing independently isolatedally and passing down the third one so there are multiple down the third one so there are multiple down the third one so there are multiple different patterns that we've been different patterns that we've been different patterns that we've been experimenting about but more so like I experimenting about but more so like I experimenting about but more so like I said it's not about which pattern you're said it's not about which pattern you're said it's not about which pattern you're choosing it's more about problem you try choosing it's more about problem you try choosing it's more about problem you try to solve, right? to solve, right? to solve, right? Okay, I want to quickly go to um this Okay, I want to quickly go to um this Okay, I want to quickly go to um this type of the risk. So imagine you have so type of the risk. So imagine you have so type of the risk. So imagine you have so many agent that being taking care of many agent that being taking care of many agent that being taking care of your task. You have the credential from your task. You have the credential from your task. You have the credential from you, the agent able to get the token you, the agent able to get the token you, the agent able to get the token access to the database you have. But access to the database you have. But access to the database you have. But think about that become more think about that become more think about that become more complicated. You have multiple layer complicated. You have multiple layer complicated. You have multiple layer agent, right? You may have the agent you agent, right? You may have the agent you agent, right? You may have the agent you trust able to access databases. you have trust able to access databases. you have trust able to access databases. you have other chief of agent try to get talking other chief of agent try to get talking other chief of agent try to get talking to the agent that you trusted but able to the agent that you trusted but able to the agent that you trusted but able to passing down to your databases that's to passing down to your databases that's to passing down to your databases that's a huge security potential risk that we a huge security potential risk that we a huge security potential risk that we are seeing today so I want to make sure are seeing today so I want to make sure are seeing today so I want to make sure this is really good uh takeaway for you this is really good uh takeaway for you this is really good uh takeaway for you the first one the first one the first one uh think about the days when there's a uh think about the days when there's a uh think about the days when there's a javascript ajax been coming out maybe 20 javascript ajax been coming out maybe 20 javascript ajax been coming out maybe 20 years ago there'll be a lot of people years ago there'll be a lot of people years ago there'll be a lot of people trying to do what trying to insert the trying to do what trying to insert the trying to do what trying to insert the code or insert some JavaScript code to code or insert some JavaScript code to code or insert some JavaScript code to trick the API to execute for you. So now trick the API to execute for you. So now trick the API to execute for you. So now we are seeing the same thing for agent we are seeing the same thing for agent we are seeing the same thing for agent tech AI cycle. People may be trying to tech AI cycle. People may be trying to tech AI cycle. People may be trying to think about hey how can I make the AI think about hey how can I make the AI think about hey how can I make the AI hey make LM to do the things I want hey make LM to do the things I want hey make LM to do the things I want maybe getting your username your maybe getting your username your maybe getting your username your password credential that is exact the password credential that is exact the password credential that is exact the remote code execution and second part is remote code execution and second part is remote code execution and second part is the we call it memory poisoning right the we call it memory poisoning right the we call it memory poisoning right the LM has a long-term and shortterm the LM has a long-term and shortterm the LM has a long-term and shortterm memory and most of time people keeping memory and most of time people keeping memory and most of time people keeping that short-term memory become something that short-term memory become something that short-term memory become something you can extract from right you can say you can extract from right you can say you can extract from right you can say hey LM tell me about what's the last hey LM tell me about what's the last hey LM tell me about what's the last conversation tell me about what's the conversation tell me about what's the conversation tell me about what's the last database This is a table you last database This is a table you last database This is a table you execute it something about that. So that execute it something about that. So that execute it something about that. So that would be the memory poisoning trying to would be the memory poisoning trying to would be the memory poisoning trying to influence also memory extraction as well influence also memory extraction as well influence also memory extraction as well trying to influence the agent able to trying to influence the agent able to trying to influence the agent able to getting something out from it. getting something out from it. getting something out from it. So I want to pause here a little bit So I want to pause here a little bit So I want to pause here a little bit quick is now right now we are providing quick is now right now we are providing quick is now right now we are providing a ecosystem but we are also think really a ecosystem but we are also think really a ecosystem but we are also think really ahead. It's not about this is the way to ahead. It's not about this is the way to ahead. It's not about this is the way to go but this is about hey we've been go but this is about hey we've been go but this is about hey we've been observing it different ways observing it different ways observing it different ways but I want to pause here it's not but I want to pause here it's not but I want to pause here it's not hey here's a AI then let's do it people hey here's a AI then let's do it people hey here's a AI then let's do it people might think about hey that's a thorny AI might think about hey that's a thorny AI might think about hey that's a thorny AI genic every way every problem I seeing genic every way every problem I seeing genic every way every problem I seeing but this probably is basically a but this probably is basically a but this probably is basically a traditional problems hammer and nail traditional problems hammer and nail traditional problems hammer and nail everything looks like a nail right now everything looks like a nail right now everything looks like a nail right now right so what is really a takeaway for right so what is really a takeaway for right so what is really a takeaway for you I think we're out of time but you I think we're out of time but you I think we're out of time but thinking about AI A genetic AI cycle, a thinking about AI A genetic AI cycle, a thinking about AI A genetic AI cycle, a genic AI structure. It's a workflow genic AI structure. It's a workflow genic AI structure. It's a workflow transformation. It's not purely just transformation. It's not purely just transformation. It's not purely just automate your task. It's redesigning for automate your task. It's redesigning for automate your task. It's redesigning for example your or your workflow end to example your or your workflow end to example your or your workflow end to end. Think about that. But also the end. Think about that. But also the end. Think about that. But also the second part is making sure you have second part is making sure you have second part is making sure you have really good governance. Like we talked really good governance. Like we talked really good governance. Like we talked about security risk, your token, your about security risk, your token, your about security risk, your token, your credential, your privileges. Is that credential, your privileges. Is that credential, your privileges. Is that good enough? Is that covered? Is it good enough? Is that covered? Is it good enough? Is that covered? Is it content? Making sure you have that content? Making sure you have that content? Making sure you have that governance in place from day one. But governance in place from day one. But governance in place from day one. But also very important start from small. also very important start from small. also very important start from small. Don't try to reinvent the wheel for the Don't try to reinvent the wheel for the Don't try to reinvent the wheel for the whole company for the everything you've whole company for the everything you've whole company for the everything you've been observing. We don't want to replace been observing. We don't want to replace been observing. We don't want to replace people. We want to people but we also people. We want to people but we also people. We want to people but we also want to start from small something you want to start from small something you want to start from small something you can test. You can have the really good can test. You can have the really good can test. You can have the really good experiments or something you can start experiments or something you can start experiments or something you can start from working and just doing tomorrow. from working and just doing tomorrow. from working and just doing tomorrow. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. I think we have about on All right. I think we have about on All right. I think we have about on time. time. time. &gt;&gt; Saves two minutes for questions. Who has &gt;&gt; Saves two minutes for questions. Who has &gt;&gt; Saves two minutes for questions. Who has questions for Jonathan? That was by the questions for Jonathan? That was by the questions for Jonathan? That was by the way. Thanks everyone.
