Could LeBron be heading back to Could LeBron be heading back to Could LeBron be heading back to Cleveland for a third run? He spent 11 Cleveland for a third run? He spent 11 Cleveland for a third run? He spent 11 years there with the Cavs. Won a pair of years there with the Cavs. Won a pair of years there with the Cavs. Won a pair of MVPs, but it was during the second stint MVPs, but it was during the second stint MVPs, but it was during the second stint when he finally brought that when he finally brought that when he finally brought that championship, that elusive championship championship, that elusive championship championship, that elusive championship to Cleveland. Took his talents to South to Cleveland. Took his talents to South to Cleveland. Took his talents to South Beach in between those Cleveland stints. Beach in between those Cleveland stints. Beach in between those Cleveland stints. Only played four seasons there, but he Only played four seasons there, but he Only played four seasons there, but he got Miami two titles and he won two got Miami two titles and he won two got Miami two titles and he won two MVPs. The last eight seasons were spent MVPs. The last eight seasons were spent MVPs. The last eight seasons were spent in Los Angeles. He passed green for the in Los Angeles. He passed green for the in Los Angeles. He passed green for the scoring record, won a title in the 2020 scoring record, won a title in the 2020 scoring record, won a title in the 2020 bubble, and got to play with his son bubble, and got to play with his son bubble, and got to play with his son Bronnie. That era now over for LA. So, Bronnie. That era now over for LA. So, Bronnie. That era now over for LA. So, we welcome back Shams on what's next for we welcome back Shams on what's next for we welcome back Shams on what's next for the Lakers. Uh they still have Luca. the Lakers. Uh they still have Luca. the Lakers. Uh they still have Luca. They got some cash now. They got a They got some cash now. They got a They got some cash now. They got a little salary cap. What's the plan there little salary cap. What's the plan there little salary cap. What's the plan there in LA? in LA? in LA? &gt;&gt; So, Dloy, right now as we speak, Lakers &gt;&gt; So, Dloy, right now as we speak, Lakers &gt;&gt; So, Dloy, right now as we speak, Lakers president Rob Pelinka has been in the president Rob Pelinka has been in the president Rob Pelinka has been in the midst of multiple meetings with free midst of multiple meetings with free midst of multiple meetings with free agents. That includes restricted free agents. That includes restricted free agents. That includes restricted free agents like Walker Kesler and Jaylen agents like Walker Kesler and Jaylen agents like Walker Kesler and Jaylen Duran. That includes other unrestricted Duran. That includes other unrestricted Duran. That includes other unrestricted free agents as well. They're going to free agents as well. They're going to free agents as well. They're going to prioritize some size, shooting, prioritize some size, shooting, prioritize some size, shooting, backcourt help. I think all of it. And backcourt help. I think all of it. And backcourt help. I think all of it. And they're going to have $50 million in cap they're going to have $50 million in cap they're going to have $50 million in cap space now that LeBron James has informed space now that LeBron James has informed space now that LeBron James has informed them to that they can move on with their them to that they can move on with their them to that they can move on with their business and he's going to move on with business and he's going to move on with business and he's going to move on with theirs elsewhere. So, right now, that's theirs elsewhere. So, right now, that's theirs elsewhere. So, right now, that's what their priorities are. They're going what their priorities are. They're going what their priorities are. They're going to use their cap space. They have to use their cap space. They have to use their cap space. They have exceptions as well. They're going to be exceptions as well. They're going to be exceptions as well. They're going to be aggressive to try to fill this roster aggressive to try to fill this roster aggressive to try to fill this roster out with multiple different types of out with multiple different types of out with multiple different types of players. players. players. &gt;&gt; Okay. Uh, you got anything more before &gt;&gt; Okay. Uh, you got anything more before &gt;&gt; Okay. Uh, you got anything more before we go? we go? we go? &gt;&gt; I I actually do. While we were on, I did &gt;&gt; I I actually do. While we were on, I did &gt;&gt; I I actually do. While we were on, I did actually get a text here. actually get a text here. actually get a text here. &gt;&gt; Free agent forward Dean Wade has agreed &gt;&gt; Free agent forward Dean Wade has agreed &gt;&gt; Free agent forward Dean Wade has agreed to a 4-year, $39 million deal. Hold up. to a 4-year, $39 million deal. Hold up. to a 4-year, $39 million deal. Hold up. Let's Let's Let's &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; With the Philadelphia 76ers. So, several &gt;&gt; With the Philadelphia 76ers. So, several &gt;&gt; With the Philadelphia 76ers. So, several contenders pursued contenders pursued contenders pursued uh Dean Wade over the last uh 3 4 hours uh Dean Wade over the last uh 3 4 hours uh Dean Wade over the last uh 3 4 hours with offers. Uh but he decides to commit with offers. Uh but he decides to commit with offers. Uh but he decides to commit to a deal here with the Cleveland uh to a deal here with the Cleveland uh to a deal here with the Cleveland uh leaving the Cleveland Cavaliers for the leaving the Cleveland Cavaliers for the leaving the Cleveland Cavaliers for the Philadelphia 76ers. And you think about Philadelphia 76ers. And you think about Philadelphia 76ers. And you think about his story when he broke into the NBA. He his story when he broke into the NBA. He his story when he broke into the NBA. He came in undrafted came in undrafted came in undrafted uh and he ends up on a two-way contract, uh and he ends up on a two-way contract, uh and he ends up on a two-way contract, then a standard contract. Then he gets then a standard contract. Then he gets then a standard contract. Then he gets an extension and now a lucrative $39 an extension and now a lucrative $39 an extension and now a lucrative $39 million deal over four years with the million deal over four years with the million deal over four years with the Philadelphia 76ers. A key note here, the Philadelphia 76ers. A key note here, the Philadelphia 76ers. A key note here, the new Sixers exe uh the new Sixers new Sixers exe uh the new Sixers new Sixers exe uh the new Sixers president of basketball operations, Mike president of basketball operations, Mike president of basketball operations, Mike Ganzy, was in Cleveland before and now Ganzy, was in Cleveland before and now Ganzy, was in Cleveland before and now they're reunited in Philadelphia. Okay. they're reunited in Philadelphia. Okay. they're reunited in Philadelphia. Okay. So, it al it always makes sense what So, it al it always makes sense what So, it al it always makes sense what Shams puts it plays it out for us like Shams puts it plays it out for us like Shams puts it plays it out for us like that. Okay. Uh we had two two good runs that. Okay. Uh we had two two good runs that. Okay. Uh we had two two good runs with you now. I know. Is anything else with you now. I know. Is anything else with you now. I know. Is anything else that we're good? that we're good? that we're good? &gt;&gt; We're two for two right now. &gt;&gt; We're two for two right now. &gt;&gt; We're two for two right now. &gt;&gt; Two for two. Okay. Sham Shirani giving &gt;&gt; Two for two. Okay. Sham Shirani giving &gt;&gt; Two for two. Okay. Sham Shirani giving us the very latest as as NBA free agency us the very latest as as NBA free agency us the very latest as as NBA free agency opens up.
