So, we built these four AI agents and So, we built these four AI agents and So, we built these four AI agents and got paid $23,000 total by four separate got paid $23,000 total by four separate got paid $23,000 total by four separate businesses, and they weren't anything businesses, and they weren't anything businesses, and they weren't anything too complex or advanced. In fact, I too complex or advanced. In fact, I too complex or advanced. In fact, I actually started selling agents just actually started selling agents just actually started selling agents just like this a few months after starting like this a few months after starting like this a few months after starting out. So, I'm confident that you could out. So, I'm confident that you could out. So, I'm confident that you could build and sell something just like them. build and sell something just like them. build and sell something just like them. In this video, I'm going to walk you In this video, I'm going to walk you In this video, I'm going to walk you guys through what each agent actually guys through what each agent actually guys through what each agent actually did, how much we charged per agent, the did, how much we charged per agent, the did, how much we charged per agent, the exact process we followed to sell our exact process we followed to sell our exact process we followed to sell our agents, and how you can sell your first agents, and how you can sell your first agents, and how you can sell your first agent a step by step. And stay to the agent a step by step. And stay to the agent a step by step. And stay to the end because that's when I go through the end because that's when I go through the end because that's when I go through the most expensive agent out of the four. most expensive agent out of the four. most expensive agent out of the four. All right, let's start with the first All right, let's start with the first All right, let's start with the first agent I sold, which was a personalized agent I sold, which was a personalized agent I sold, which was a personalized outreach agent. Basically, it let my outreach agent. Basically, it let my outreach agent. Basically, it let my client drop in a list of contacts, client drop in a list of contacts, client drop in a list of contacts, however many he wanted, and the system however many he wanted, and the system however many he wanted, and the system would automatically research each person would automatically research each person would automatically research each person and their company, then generate a and their company, then generate a and their company, then generate a personalized outreach message and personalized outreach message and personalized outreach message and follow-up message for them. This agent follow-up message for them. This agent follow-up message for them. This agent didn't actually send the messages or run didn't actually send the messages or run didn't actually send the messages or run the campaigns. It simply filled up the the campaigns. It simply filled up the the campaigns. It simply filled up the database with ready to go, customized, database with ready to go, customized, database with ready to go, customized, researchbacked messages that he could researchbacked messages that he could researchbacked messages that he could then plug into an email or DM sequence. then plug into an email or DM sequence. then plug into an email or DM sequence. Super simple, but insanely valuable. I Super simple, but insanely valuable. I Super simple, but insanely valuable. I ended up charging $1,650 for this build. ended up charging $1,650 for this build. ended up charging $1,650 for this build. And honestly, that number was pretty And honestly, that number was pretty And honestly, that number was pretty random. At the time, I had already sold random. At the time, I had already sold random. At the time, I had already sold another agent for 1,200, so that was another agent for 1,200, so that was another agent for 1,200, so that was kind of my baseline. And I thought to kind of my baseline. And I thought to kind of my baseline. And I thought to myself, okay, this one's a bit more. myself, okay, this one's a bit more. myself, okay, this one's a bit more. Let's try 1650. I was clearly a Let's try 1650. I was clearly a Let's try 1650. I was clearly a beginner, and I wasn't even thinking beginner, and I wasn't even thinking beginner, and I wasn't even thinking about ROI back then. But if you actually about ROI back then. But if you actually about ROI back then. But if you actually do calculate the ROI, it still was a do calculate the ROI, it still was a do calculate the ROI, it still was a total no-brainer for him. I think he got total no-brainer for him. I think he got total no-brainer for him. I think he got a great deal because he was spending 2 a great deal because he was spending 2 a great deal because he was spending 2 to three hours per week crafting to three hours per week crafting to three hours per week crafting personalized messages and doing all that personalized messages and doing all that personalized messages and doing all that research himself. So, let's say his time research himself. So, let's say his time research himself. So, let's say his time was worth 50 bucks an hour. That's was worth 50 bucks an hour. That's was worth 50 bucks an hour. That's around $400 a month. With the system, he around $400 a month. With the system, he around $400 a month. With the system, he instantly got that time back, which instantly got that time back, which instantly got that time back, which means in about four months, he's made means in about four months, he's made means in about four months, he's made his money back. And every month after his money back. And every month after his money back. And every month after that, it's pure ROI. Over the course of that, it's pure ROI. Over the course of that, it's pure ROI. Over the course of a year, that's nearly $5,000 saved. And a year, that's nearly $5,000 saved. And a year, that's nearly $5,000 saved. And that doesn't even count the opportunity that doesn't even count the opportunity that doesn't even count the opportunity cost of having those extra hours back cost of having those extra hours back cost of having those extra hours back every week to actually grow the business every week to actually grow the business every week to actually grow the business instead of writing repetitive outreach. instead of writing repetitive outreach. instead of writing repetitive outreach. Now, how did I actually sell this? Well, Now, how did I actually sell this? Well, Now, how did I actually sell this? Well, the client found me on YouTube because I the client found me on YouTube because I the client found me on YouTube because I had built something similar on my had built something similar on my had built something similar on my channel just for fun. And he emailed me channel just for fun. And he emailed me channel just for fun. And he emailed me saying that he wanted something similar. saying that he wanted something similar. saying that he wanted something similar. We hopped on a couple of calls. I scoped We hopped on a couple of calls. I scoped We hopped on a couple of calls. I scoped out the build. I told him I could do it. out the build. I told him I could do it. out the build. I told him I could do it. He said yes. It was that simple. The He said yes. It was that simple. The He said yes. It was that simple. The crazy part is at this stage I wasn't crazy part is at this stage I wasn't crazy part is at this stage I wasn't positioning myself as a freelancer or positioning myself as a freelancer or positioning myself as a freelancer or saying that I did paid work. I just saying that I did paid work. I just saying that I did paid work. I just happened to have my email address in the happened to have my email address in the happened to have my email address in the description of the videos and I was description of the videos and I was description of the videos and I was posting builds online because I was posting builds online because I was posting builds online because I was excited about learning. But because I excited about learning. But because I excited about learning. But because I was putting myself out there, people was putting myself out there, people was putting myself out there, people started reaching out and that's how I started reaching out and that's how I started reaching out and that's how I was able to close this deal and my other was able to close this deal and my other was able to close this deal and my other first ones. So that was the first agent. first ones. So that was the first agent. first ones. So that was the first agent. Soon after that, things started moving a Soon after that, things started moving a Soon after that, things started moving a lot faster. I'd quit my job. I started lot faster. I'd quit my job. I started lot faster. I'd quit my job. I started getting more inbound traction and I getting more inbound traction and I getting more inbound traction and I realized I couldn't keep doing realized I couldn't keep doing realized I couldn't keep doing everything solo. That's when I decided everything solo. That's when I decided everything solo. That's when I decided to team up with my co-founders and we to team up with my co-founders and we to team up with my co-founders and we started building what's now our AI started building what's now our AI started building what's now our AI business, True Horizon AI. And this was business, True Horizon AI. And this was business, True Horizon AI. And this was a big turning point because up until a big turning point because up until a big turning point because up until then, I was just throwing out random then, I was just throwing out random then, I was just throwing out random numbers for pricing, like that $1,650 numbers for pricing, like that $1,650 numbers for pricing, like that $1,650 outreach agent. But once I had a team, outreach agent. But once I had a team, outreach agent. But once I had a team, we started taking this more seriously, we started taking this more seriously, we started taking this more seriously, and we realized we needed to get a and we realized we needed to get a and we realized we needed to get a system for pricing rather than just system for pricing rather than just system for pricing rather than just throwing out a number. That way, instead throwing out a number. That way, instead throwing out a number. That way, instead of guessing, we could actually sit down of guessing, we could actually sit down of guessing, we could actually sit down with a client, break down how much time with a client, break down how much time with a client, break down how much time or money a process was costing them, and or money a process was costing them, and or money a process was costing them, and show them exactly how an automation show them exactly how an automation show them exactly how an automation would save that time or money. and then would save that time or money. and then would save that time or money. and then we could price the system in a way that we could price the system in a way that we could price the system in a way that made sense for both sides. That made made sense for both sides. That made made sense for both sides. That made selling way easier because clients could selling way easier because clients could selling way easier because clients could see in black and white that it wasn't an see in black and white that it wasn't an see in black and white that it wasn't an expense, it was an investment with a expense, it was an investment with a expense, it was an investment with a measurable return. And that's how we measurable return. And that's how we measurable return. And that's how we ended up landing the second agent that ended up landing the second agent that ended up landing the second agent that I'm going to show you guys. So once I I'm going to show you guys. So once I I'm going to show you guys. So once I started working with my business started working with my business started working with my business partners Milan and Tyler, we launched partners Milan and Tyler, we launched partners Milan and Tyler, we launched True Horizon AI. We started getting our True Horizon AI. We started getting our True Horizon AI. We started getting our internal systems in place and we landed internal systems in place and we landed internal systems in place and we landed one of our first products together. This one of our first products together. This one of our first products together. This one was a type of sales agent. The idea one was a type of sales agent. The idea one was a type of sales agent. The idea here was simple but really impactful. here was simple but really impactful. here was simple but really impactful. The agent could handle customer The agent could handle customer The agent could handle customer inquiries, generate quotes, and inquiries, generate quotes, and inquiries, generate quotes, and automatically enter everything into the automatically enter everything into the automatically enter everything into the CRM. It would talk to both the customer CRM. It would talk to both the customer CRM. It would talk to both the customer and the orders team, generate an and the orders team, generate an and the orders team, generate an accurate quote, and then log all the accurate quote, and then log all the accurate quote, and then log all the important details like name, email, important details like name, email, important details like name, email, phone number, location, and even a phone number, location, and even a phone number, location, and even a summary of the conversation back into summary of the conversation back into summary of the conversation back into the CRM. The value proposition here was the CRM. The value proposition here was the CRM. The value proposition here was clear. The system would cut down manual clear. The system would cut down manual clear. The system would cut down manual data entry, reduce errors, and free up data entry, reduce errors, and free up data entry, reduce errors, and free up the business owner's time so he could the business owner's time so he could the business owner's time so he could focus on growth rather than repetitive focus on growth rather than repetitive focus on growth rather than repetitive administrative work. And because it administrative work. And because it administrative work. And because it streamlined operations, it also gave him streamlined operations, it also gave him streamlined operations, it also gave him a foundation to scale without hiring a foundation to scale without hiring a foundation to scale without hiring more staff. And that was a huge deal for more staff. And that was a huge deal for more staff. And that was a huge deal for him because hiring wasn't something he him because hiring wasn't something he him because hiring wasn't something he could yet afford to do. but he still could yet afford to do. but he still could yet afford to do. but he still needed to grow his business. So for this needed to grow his business. So for this needed to grow his business. So for this project, we charged $4,000 and the project, we charged $4,000 and the project, we charged $4,000 and the client was happy to pay that because we client was happy to pay that because we client was happy to pay that because we weren't just automating a small task. We weren't just automating a small task. We weren't just automating a small task. We were removing hours of repetitive work, were removing hours of repetitive work, were removing hours of repetitive work, setting up a system he could scale with, setting up a system he could scale with, setting up a system he could scale with, and helping him avoid the cost of extra and helping him avoid the cost of extra and helping him avoid the cost of extra headcount. Now, let's talk about the headcount. Now, let's talk about the headcount. Now, let's talk about the sales process. It started with me sales process. It started with me sales process. It started with me hopping on an initial discovery call to hopping on an initial discovery call to hopping on an initial discovery call to scope things out. From there, I brought scope things out. From there, I brought scope things out. From there, I brought in my co-founders, Milan, our CEO, and in my co-founders, Milan, our CEO, and in my co-founders, Milan, our CEO, and Tyler, our CTO, to make sure there Tyler, our CTO, to make sure there Tyler, our CTO, to make sure there weren't any crazy technical requirements weren't any crazy technical requirements weren't any crazy technical requirements that we were overlooking and that we had that we were overlooking and that we had that we were overlooking and that we had the bandwidth to actually deliver on the bandwidth to actually deliver on the bandwidth to actually deliver on this project. After that, Milan and I this project. After that, Milan and I this project. After that, Milan and I ran a second discovery call with the ran a second discovery call with the ran a second discovery call with the client and then Milan closed the deal on client and then Milan closed the deal on client and then Milan closed the deal on the third call. Looking back, we the third call. Looking back, we the third call. Looking back, we definitely didn't have our processes definitely didn't have our processes definitely didn't have our processes nailed down yet. For example, we forgot nailed down yet. For example, we forgot nailed down yet. For example, we forgot to collect baseline data, which meant we to collect baseline data, which meant we to collect baseline data, which meant we couldn't build a strong case study to couldn't build a strong case study to couldn't build a strong case study to show the ROI afterward. At the same show the ROI afterward. At the same show the ROI afterward. At the same time, we were getting flooded with time, we were getting flooded with time, we were getting flooded with inbound requests, but didn't have solid inbound requests, but didn't have solid inbound requests, but didn't have solid SOPs or systems to handle them. So, for SOPs or systems to handle them. So, for SOPs or systems to handle them. So, for delivery of this build, Milan, our CEO, delivery of this build, Milan, our CEO, delivery of this build, Milan, our CEO, ended up doing a lot of the heavy ended up doing a lot of the heavy ended up doing a lot of the heavy lifting himself and then transitioned lifting himself and then transitioned lifting himself and then transitioned into more of an account management role into more of an account management role into more of an account management role once we brought on a developer to help once we brought on a developer to help once we brought on a developer to help finish things out. But I want to be finish things out. But I want to be finish things out. But I want to be clear, you don't need a co-founder or a clear, you don't need a co-founder or a clear, you don't need a co-founder or a full team to land a $4,000 project. What full team to land a $4,000 project. What full team to land a $4,000 project. What this really shows is that the jump from this really shows is that the jump from this really shows is that the jump from freelancer to consultant to trying to freelancer to consultant to trying to freelancer to consultant to trying to run an agency is tough. There are run an agency is tough. There are run an agency is tough. There are growing pains, and even though you might growing pains, and even though you might growing pains, and even though you might be able to charge more, you'll still be be able to charge more, you'll still be be able to charge more, you'll still be figuring out internal systems along the figuring out internal systems along the figuring out internal systems along the way. This third agent that we built was way. This third agent that we built was way. This third agent that we built was essentially a personal assistant for a essentially a personal assistant for a essentially a personal assistant for a business owner and his team. It could business owner and his team. It could business owner and his team. It could provide quick access to internal data provide quick access to internal data provide quick access to internal data sources, streamline task management, and sources, streamline task management, and sources, streamline task management, and improve team productivity, all directly improve team productivity, all directly improve team productivity, all directly inside Slack, which was where the inside Slack, which was where the inside Slack, which was where the company lived most of the day. The value company lived most of the day. The value company lived most of the day. The value prop here was all about productivity, prop here was all about productivity, prop here was all about productivity, centralizing data retrieval, automating centralizing data retrieval, automating centralizing data retrieval, automating routine admin tasks, and enabling faster routine admin tasks, and enabling faster routine admin tasks, and enabling faster communication without switching between communication without switching between communication without switching between tools. Now, when it came to pricing, tools. Now, when it came to pricing, tools. Now, when it came to pricing, this one was trickier. With sales or this one was trickier. With sales or this one was trickier. With sales or outreach agents, it's easy to calculate outreach agents, it's easy to calculate outreach agents, it's easy to calculate how much time you're saving. But with how much time you're saving. But with how much time you're saving. But with something like a personal assistant, the something like a personal assistant, the something like a personal assistant, the value is a little more variable because value is a little more variable because value is a little more variable because those small admin tasks don't happen on those small admin tasks don't happen on those small admin tasks don't happen on a set cadence. So, it's harder to a set cadence. So, it's harder to a set cadence. So, it's harder to directly tie them to ROI. So, we ended directly tie them to ROI. So, we ended directly tie them to ROI. So, we ended up charging $6,000 for this project. And up charging $6,000 for this project. And up charging $6,000 for this project. And even though we tried to back that number even though we tried to back that number even though we tried to back that number with some ROI calculations, the truth is with some ROI calculations, the truth is with some ROI calculations, the truth is we priced more on complexity of the we priced more on complexity of the we priced more on complexity of the build rather than the actual long-term build rather than the actual long-term build rather than the actual long-term value. Valuebased pricing is obviously value. Valuebased pricing is obviously value. Valuebased pricing is obviously the way to go and something that we the way to go and something that we the way to go and something that we didn't learn right away. And when you didn't learn right away. And when you didn't learn right away. And when you really break it down in terms of value, really break it down in terms of value, really break it down in terms of value, I actually think that we should have I actually think that we should have I actually think that we should have charged more for the sales agent than we charged more for the sales agent than we charged more for the sales agent than we did for this personal assistant agent. did for this personal assistant agent. did for this personal assistant agent. If you think about the way that the If you think about the way that the If you think about the way that the usage and leverage of a system actually usage and leverage of a system actually usage and leverage of a system actually compounds with a process like a sales compounds with a process like a sales compounds with a process like a sales agent compared to a personal assistant agent compared to a personal assistant agent compared to a personal assistant administrative agent, it becomes very administrative agent, it becomes very administrative agent, it becomes very clear because if the sales agent clear because if the sales agent clear because if the sales agent converts those leads, the business grows converts those leads, the business grows converts those leads, the business grows and as the business grows, more leads and as the business grows, more leads and as the business grows, more leads come through. So the usage of the system come through. So the usage of the system come through. So the usage of the system grows and this creates like this grows and this creates like this grows and this creates like this flywheel where the ROI of the system flywheel where the ROI of the system flywheel where the ROI of the system actually exponentially scales. And actually exponentially scales. And actually exponentially scales. And that's something that's not as clear that's something that's not as clear that's something that's not as clear with a personal assistant because as the with a personal assistant because as the with a personal assistant because as the business grows, does the personal business grows, does the personal business grows, does the personal assistant usage grow? Maybe it does, assistant usage grow? Maybe it does, assistant usage grow? Maybe it does, maybe it doesn't, but it doesn't scale maybe it doesn't, but it doesn't scale maybe it doesn't, but it doesn't scale in the same way. And that's an important in the same way. And that's an important in the same way. And that's an important lesson because pricing in this space is lesson because pricing in this space is lesson because pricing in this space is hard and it takes time, data, and hard and it takes time, data, and hard and it takes time, data, and experience to get it right. Looking experience to get it right. Looking experience to get it right. Looking back, I know we were pricing too low back, I know we were pricing too low back, I know we were pricing too low because our close rate was insanely because our close rate was insanely because our close rate was insanely high. If you're closing over 50% of your high. If you're closing over 50% of your high. If you're closing over 50% of your proposals, it means your clients are proposals, it means your clients are proposals, it means your clients are realizing that they're getting a steal, realizing that they're getting a steal, realizing that they're getting a steal, and this is the market telling you that and this is the market telling you that and this is the market telling you that you need to charge more. It means that you need to charge more. It means that you need to charge more. It means that you're rarely getting push back on your you're rarely getting push back on your you're rarely getting push back on your pricing, which is a strong signal that pricing, which is a strong signal that pricing, which is a strong signal that you're doing it too low. So, anyways, you're doing it too low. So, anyways, you're doing it too low. So, anyways, the sales process for this project the sales process for this project the sales process for this project looked a lot like the previous one. looked a lot like the previous one. looked a lot like the previous one. Milan and I ran the discovery calls. We Milan and I ran the discovery calls. We Milan and I ran the discovery calls. We brought in Tyler, our CTO, to doublech brought in Tyler, our CTO, to doublech brought in Tyler, our CTO, to doublech checkck the technical scope and then we checkck the technical scope and then we checkck the technical scope and then we closed the deal. But this is where our closed the deal. But this is where our closed the deal. But this is where our growing pains really showed because in growing pains really showed because in growing pains really showed because in order to deliver this build, our CTO order to deliver this build, our CTO order to deliver this build, our CTO ended up being the one in the weeds ended up being the one in the weeds ended up being the one in the weeds developing the workflow. And that's not developing the workflow. And that's not developing the workflow. And that's not how a CTO should spend their time. He how a CTO should spend their time. He how a CTO should spend their time. He should be managing a team of engineers should be managing a team of engineers should be managing a team of engineers and innovating, which is what Tyler's and innovating, which is what Tyler's and innovating, which is what Tyler's passionate about and does best, not passionate about and does best, not passionate about and does best, not being stuck in the weeds of a build being stuck in the weeds of a build being stuck in the weeds of a build connecting nodes to an agent. So this connecting nodes to an agent. So this connecting nodes to an agent. So this process was another reminder that process was another reminder that process was another reminder that scaling a team doesn't automatically scaling a team doesn't automatically scaling a team doesn't automatically make things easier. It actually gives make things easier. It actually gives make things easier. It actually gives you more things to manage, more moving you more things to manage, more moving you more things to manage, more moving pieces, and more chances for pieces, and more chances for pieces, and more chances for inefficiency. But by the time we got to inefficiency. But by the time we got to inefficiency. But by the time we got to our next agent, we were in a much better our next agent, we were in a much better our next agent, we were in a much better place. We had stronger SOPs, better place. We had stronger SOPs, better place. We had stronger SOPs, better systems. And because of that, we were systems. And because of that, we were systems. And because of that, we were finally able to charge double what we finally able to charge double what we finally able to charge double what we just charged for this one. Finally, the just charged for this one. Finally, the just charged for this one. Finally, the fourth agent we sold was a full AI fourth agent we sold was a full AI fourth agent we sold was a full AI concierge. This one was designed to concierge. This one was designed to concierge. This one was designed to support a client's business by helping support a client's business by helping support a client's business by helping their members with everything they their members with everything they their members with everything they needed. Onboarding, finding and starting needed. Onboarding, finding and starting needed. Onboarding, finding and starting events, managing guest passes, offering events, managing guest passes, offering events, managing guest passes, offering support, and even keeping a running support, and even keeping a running support, and even keeping a running conversation history across all the conversation history across all the conversation history across all the members. In other words, it acted like a members. In other words, it acted like a members. In other words, it acted like a virtual secretary, a single point of virtual secretary, a single point of virtual secretary, a single point of contact that could handle the day-to-day contact that could handle the day-to-day contact that could handle the day-to-day tasks of guiding users and keeping the tasks of guiding users and keeping the tasks of guiding users and keeping the business running smoothly. And because business running smoothly. And because business running smoothly. And because the company was launching a new offer, the company was launching a new offer, the company was launching a new offer, our AI concierge was critical in helping our AI concierge was critical in helping our AI concierge was critical in helping them get it off the ground quickly them get it off the ground quickly them get it off the ground quickly without hiring more staff. This was also without hiring more staff. This was also without hiring more staff. This was also right around the time that MCP servers right around the time that MCP servers right around the time that MCP servers started to become a big deal online and started to become a big deal online and started to become a big deal online and we were able to transition the scope and we were able to transition the scope and we were able to transition the scope and architect to incorporate this new architect to incorporate this new architect to incorporate this new technology which was another value lever technology which was another value lever technology which was another value lever for us to pull here by showing the for us to pull here by showing the for us to pull here by showing the client that we stay bleeding edge and client that we stay bleeding edge and client that we stay bleeding edge and are always looking for the newest are always looking for the newest are always looking for the newest technology. This was by far one of the technology. This was by far one of the technology. This was by far one of the more complex systems that we had built more complex systems that we had built more complex systems that we had built up to this point and that's why we up to this point and that's why we up to this point and that's why we charged $12,000. The client could charged $12,000. The client could charged $12,000. The client could clearly see the value because the agent clearly see the value because the agent clearly see the value because the agent was basically filling the role of an was basically filling the role of an was basically filling the role of an intern or assistant but at a fraction of intern or assistant but at a fraction of intern or assistant but at a fraction of the long-term cost of hiring. The good the long-term cost of hiring. The good the long-term cost of hiring. The good news was by this point our internal news was by this point our internal news was by this point our internal systems were finally catching up to the systems were finally catching up to the systems were finally catching up to the size of the projects we were landing. We size of the projects we were landing. We size of the projects we were landing. We had a dedicated account manager keeping had a dedicated account manager keeping had a dedicated account manager keeping the client communication smooth. Our CEO the client communication smooth. Our CEO the client communication smooth. Our CEO was in the right spot, focusing on sales was in the right spot, focusing on sales was in the right spot, focusing on sales strategy, operations, and growth. And strategy, operations, and growth. And strategy, operations, and growth. And our CTO was finally managing a team of our CTO was finally managing a team of our CTO was finally managing a team of engineers instead of being stuck engineers instead of being stuck engineers instead of being stuck building by himself. And for me, I building by himself. And for me, I building by himself. And for me, I finally had more freedom to spend time finally had more freedom to spend time finally had more freedom to spend time creating YouTube videos and focusing on creating YouTube videos and focusing on creating YouTube videos and focusing on the front end of the business instead of the front end of the business instead of the front end of the business instead of being buried in client projects. So this being buried in client projects. So this being buried in client projects. So this project wasn't just a win because of the project wasn't just a win because of the project wasn't just a win because of the $12,000 price tag. It was proof that we $12,000 price tag. It was proof that we $12,000 price tag. It was proof that we had gone from scrappy freelancers to had gone from scrappy freelancers to had gone from scrappy freelancers to consultants, then to building a business consultants, then to building a business consultants, then to building a business with real systems that could handle with real systems that could handle with real systems that could handle bigger and more valuable clients, and bigger and more valuable clients, and bigger and more valuable clients, and now looking to scale our operations. All now looking to scale our operations. All now looking to scale our operations. All right, so we've walked through the four right, so we've walked through the four right, so we've walked through the four agents that we sold. Now, the question agents that we sold. Now, the question agents that we sold. Now, the question is, how do you actually do this is, how do you actually do this is, how do you actually do this yourself? This is the exact road map yourself? This is the exact road map yourself? This is the exact road map I've followed as a freelancer, then when I've followed as a freelancer, then when I've followed as a freelancer, then when I built my own agency, and now with my I built my own agency, and now with my I built my own agency, and now with my co-founders at True Horizon as we co-founders at True Horizon as we co-founders at True Horizon as we started to move up market. And it's the started to move up market. And it's the started to move up market. And it's the same road map you can follow to start same road map you can follow to start same road map you can follow to start landing your first real AI automation landing your first real AI automation landing your first real AI automation clients. Step one, diagnose the problem. clients. Step one, diagnose the problem. clients. Step one, diagnose the problem. Prescribe a solution. The very first Prescribe a solution. The very first Prescribe a solution. The very first step is learning to think like a problem step is learning to think like a problem step is learning to think like a problem solver. The value isn't in the fact that solver. The value isn't in the fact that solver. The value isn't in the fact that you know how to wire up nodes in your AI you know how to wire up nodes in your AI you know how to wire up nodes in your AI workflow. The value is your brain and workflow. The value is your brain and workflow. The value is your brain and your ability to understand how a your ability to understand how a your ability to understand how a business runs, where it's leaking time business runs, where it's leaking time business runs, where it's leaking time or money, and where an automation can or money, and where an automation can or money, and where an automation can fix that. For example, don't pitch, I fix that. For example, don't pitch, I fix that. For example, don't pitch, I can build you an AI chatbot. Instead, can build you an AI chatbot. Instead, can build you an AI chatbot. Instead, say your team spends 15 hours a week say your team spends 15 hours a week say your team spends 15 hours a week answering repetitive client questions. I answering repetitive client questions. I answering repetitive client questions. I can build a system that cuts that down can build a system that cuts that down can build a system that cuts that down to almost zero, freeing them up to close to almost zero, freeing them up to close to almost zero, freeing them up to close more deals. That shift takes you from more deals. That shift takes you from more deals. That shift takes you from just being a builder to being a business just being a builder to being a business just being a builder to being a business partner. Number two, pick simple tools. partner. Number two, pick simple tools. partner. Number two, pick simple tools. Once you've identified the problem, the Once you've identified the problem, the Once you've identified the problem, the tools are just the way you solve it. For tools are just the way you solve it. For tools are just the way you solve it. For 90% of use cases, simple building blocks 90% of use cases, simple building blocks 90% of use cases, simple building blocks like Naden, vector databases, and an AI like Naden, vector databases, and an AI like Naden, vector databases, and an AI model or two will get the job done. But model or two will get the job done. But model or two will get the job done. But don't over complicate the step. Many don't over complicate the step. Many don't over complicate the step. Many freelancers underpric because they think freelancers underpric because they think freelancers underpric because they think in terms of technical effort. Clients in terms of technical effort. Clients in terms of technical effort. Clients don't care if it takes you 2 hours or don't care if it takes you 2 hours or don't care if it takes you 2 hours or 20. They care about the outcome. Selling 20. They care about the outcome. Selling 20. They care about the outcome. Selling workflows and templates may have worked workflows and templates may have worked workflows and templates may have worked when the space first started up, but if when the space first started up, but if when the space first started up, but if your value is defined by the templates your value is defined by the templates your value is defined by the templates you give out, it's all becoming you give out, it's all becoming you give out, it's all becoming commoditized. You should leverage commoditized. You should leverage commoditized. You should leverage templates to help you build quicker and templates to help you build quicker and templates to help you build quicker and smarter, but the value is how you were smarter, but the value is how you were smarter, but the value is how you were able to customize them to fit the able to customize them to fit the able to customize them to fit the client's needs. Step three is to client's needs. Step three is to client's needs. Step three is to multiply the hours saved by the hourly multiply the hours saved by the hourly multiply the hours saved by the hourly rate by 4 weeks, and that's how you get rate by 4 weeks, and that's how you get rate by 4 weeks, and that's how you get to monthly savings, and then just times to monthly savings, and then just times to monthly savings, and then just times that by 12 to get to annual savings. So, that by 12 to get to annual savings. So, that by 12 to get to annual savings. So, number four is to package and anchor number four is to package and anchor number four is to package and anchor your offers. Don't just blurt out a your offers. Don't just blurt out a your offers. Don't just blurt out a number. Try creating tiered packages number. Try creating tiered packages number. Try creating tiered packages like a starter plan, a growth plan, and like a starter plan, a growth plan, and like a starter plan, a growth plan, and a scale plan so clients can self- select a scale plan so clients can self- select a scale plan so clients can self- select and always lead with the highest anchor. and always lead with the highest anchor. and always lead with the highest anchor. So, for example, our scale package is So, for example, our scale package is So, for example, our scale package is 25,000 and it includes these 25,000 and it includes these 25,000 and it includes these functionalities, but most clients functionalities, but most clients functionalities, but most clients actually go with the growth package at actually go with the growth package at actually go with the growth package at 12K that has these functionalities. 12K that has these functionalities. 12K that has these functionalities. Suddenly, that 12K feels like the smart Suddenly, that 12K feels like the smart Suddenly, that 12K feels like the smart middle option. Packaging makes you look middle option. Packaging makes you look middle option. Packaging makes you look professional. Anchoring makes your professional. Anchoring makes your professional. Anchoring makes your pricing logical, and together they stop pricing logical, and together they stop pricing logical, and together they stop clients from comparing you to hourly clients from comparing you to hourly clients from comparing you to hourly freelancers. Number five, avoid the freelancers. Number five, avoid the freelancers. Number five, avoid the traps. There are a couple of silent traps. There are a couple of silent traps. There are a couple of silent killers that you need to watch out for. killers that you need to watch out for. killers that you need to watch out for. One of them is underpricing. It attracts One of them is underpricing. It attracts One of them is underpricing. It attracts the wrong clients and makes it nearly the wrong clients and makes it nearly the wrong clients and makes it nearly impossible to raise your rates later. impossible to raise your rates later. impossible to raise your rates later. Number two is under scoping. Saying yes Number two is under scoping. Saying yes Number two is under scoping. Saying yes to just one more feature without to just one more feature without to just one more feature without rescoping will destroy your margins and rescoping will destroy your margins and rescoping will destroy your margins and always define exactly what's included always define exactly what's included always define exactly what's included and create a change request process for and create a change request process for and create a change request process for anything outside the scope. Number three anything outside the scope. Number three anything outside the scope. Number three is chasing small retainers too early. is chasing small retainers too early. is chasing small retainers too early. One $10,000 project is often more One $10,000 project is often more One $10,000 project is often more profitable and better for your mental profitable and better for your mental profitable and better for your mental health and business reputation than five health and business reputation than five health and business reputation than five $2,000 a month retainers. Stability $2,000 a month retainers. Stability $2,000 a month retainers. Stability comes from having a lead pipeline, not comes from having a lead pipeline, not comes from having a lead pipeline, not from having retainers. And just another from having retainers. And just another from having retainers. And just another quick reminder to raise your rates quick reminder to raise your rates quick reminder to raise your rates regularly. If your close rate is way regularly. If your close rate is way regularly. If your close rate is way above 40 to 50%, it's a clear signal above 40 to 50%, it's a clear signal above 40 to 50%, it's a clear signal that you're underpricing. For B2B that you're underpricing. For B2B that you're underpricing. For B2B consulting services, a 20 to 30% close consulting services, a 20 to 30% close consulting services, a 20 to 30% close rate is considered strong. So, if you're rate is considered strong. So, if you're rate is considered strong. So, if you're not receiving any friction or push back, not receiving any friction or push back, not receiving any friction or push back, you're going down a bad path where your you're going down a bad path where your you're going down a bad path where your CLV or customer lifetime value is going CLV or customer lifetime value is going CLV or customer lifetime value is going to be way too low. Number six, we have to be way too low. Number six, we have to be way too low. Number six, we have prototype and QA. Now that you've priced prototype and QA. Now that you've priced prototype and QA. Now that you've priced and packaged the deal, it's time to and packaged the deal, it's time to and packaged the deal, it's time to build. But don't overthink it. Prototype build. But don't overthink it. Prototype build. But don't overthink it. Prototype fast. get a working version live, then fast. get a working version live, then fast. get a working version live, then test. At True Horizon, we follow a test. At True Horizon, we follow a test. At True Horizon, we follow a simple QA cycle, which is one week of simple QA cycle, which is one week of simple QA cycle, which is one week of internal QA. We run it through a sample internal QA. We run it through a sample internal QA. We run it through a sample and a real data set. We stress test it and a real data set. We stress test it and a real data set. We stress test it with edge cases, and we fix issues with edge cases, and we fix issues with edge cases, and we fix issues before the client sees anything. And before the client sees anything. And before the client sees anything. And then we give the client a week to QA, then we give the client a week to QA, then we give the client a week to QA, where he or she will test it in the real where he or she will test it in the real where he or she will test it in the real world, give us feedback, and then we're world, give us feedback, and then we're world, give us feedback, and then we're able to iterate and make those able to iterate and make those able to iterate and make those adjustments. The QA process does two adjustments. The QA process does two adjustments. The QA process does two things. One, it protects you from edge things. One, it protects you from edge things. One, it protects you from edge case failures, and two, it shows your case failures, and two, it shows your case failures, and two, it shows your client that you're professional, client that you're professional, client that you're professional, reliable, and looking out for their reliable, and looking out for their reliable, and looking out for their business. Number seven, building business. Number seven, building business. Number seven, building long-term partnerships. Finally, just long-term partnerships. Finally, just long-term partnerships. Finally, just remember this. You're not selling remember this. You're not selling remember this. You're not selling one-off automations. You're building one-off automations. You're building one-off automations. You're building relationships. Your early projects relationships. Your early projects relationships. Your early projects position you in the client's mind as position you in the client's mind as position you in the client's mind as either the cheap freelancer or the either the cheap freelancer or the either the cheap freelancer or the strategic AI partner. Long-term value strategic AI partner. Long-term value strategic AI partner. Long-term value comes from collecting data and case comes from collecting data and case comes from collecting data and case studies from every project, turning one studies from every project, turning one studies from every project, turning one project into multiple by showing project into multiple by showing project into multiple by showing measurable ROI, offering ongoing measurable ROI, offering ongoing measurable ROI, offering ongoing optimization or expansion once trust is optimization or expansion once trust is optimization or expansion once trust is established, and building relationships established, and building relationships established, and building relationships with more than just one person in the with more than just one person in the with more than just one person in the customer's organization. When you can customer's organization. When you can customer's organization. When you can clearly demonstrate this system saves clearly demonstrate this system saves clearly demonstrate this system saves you 10 times what you paid me, clients you 10 times what you paid me, clients you 10 times what you paid me, clients stop thinking about cost and start stop thinking about cost and start stop thinking about cost and start thinking about how else they can work thinking about how else they can work thinking about how else they can work with you. So if you want to follow the with you. So if you want to follow the with you. So if you want to follow the same path, here's the road map. Spot the same path, here's the road map. Spot the same path, here's the road map. Spot the problem, pick simple tools, price based problem, pick simple tools, price based problem, pick simple tools, price based on ROI, package an anchor, avoid the on ROI, package an anchor, avoid the on ROI, package an anchor, avoid the traps, prototype, and build long-term traps, prototype, and build long-term traps, prototype, and build long-term partnerships. That's the exact framework partnerships. That's the exact framework partnerships. That's the exact framework that I've used to find success selling a that I've used to find success selling a that I've used to find success selling a agents. And it's the same one that we agents. And it's the same one that we agents. And it's the same one that we will still use today at True Horizon. So will still use today at True Horizon. So will still use today at True Horizon. So that's going to do it for today. I'm that's going to do it for today. I'm that's going to do it for today. I'm going to have this full resource pack in going to have this full resource pack in going to have this full resource pack in my free school community if you guys my free school community if you guys my free school community if you guys want to access that. It just basically want to access that. It just basically want to access that. It just basically goes over everything that I just talked goes over everything that I just talked goes over everything that I just talked about here so you can reference that about here so you can reference that about here so you can reference that later. And if you're looking to go even later. And if you're looking to go even later. And if you're looking to go even deeper with this kind of stuff and you deeper with this kind of stuff and you deeper with this kind of stuff and you also want to connect with other people also want to connect with other people also want to connect with other people who are building businesses with NN, who are building businesses with NN, who are building businesses with NN, then definitely check out my plus group. then definitely check out my plus group. then definitely check out my plus group. The link for that is also down in the The link for that is also down in the The link for that is also down in the description. And by the time you're description. And by the time you're description. And by the time you're watching this, we just dropped a full watching this, we just dropped a full watching this, we just dropped a full course called automation to monetization course called automation to monetization course called automation to monetization where I talk about how you can actually where I talk about how you can actually where I talk about how you can actually start to monetize your AI skills now start to monetize your AI skills now start to monetize your AI skills now that you are not just advanced in edited that you are not just advanced in edited that you are not just advanced in edited end, but you're also becoming advanced end, but you're also becoming advanced end, but you're also becoming advanced in AI implementation and becoming a in AI implementation and becoming a in AI implementation and becoming a problem solver for these businesses. And problem solver for these businesses. And problem solver for these businesses. And trust me, these businesses desperately trust me, these businesses desperately trust me, these businesses desperately need someone to help them out with their need someone to help them out with their need someone to help them out with their AI implementation road maps. If you guys AI implementation road maps. If you guys AI implementation road maps. If you guys enjoyed or you learned something new, enjoyed or you learned something new, enjoyed or you learned something new, please give it a like. Definitely helps please give it a like. Definitely helps please give it a like. Definitely helps me out a ton. And as always, I me out a ton. And as always, I me out a ton. And as always, I appreciate you guys making it to the end appreciate you guys making it to the end appreciate you guys making it to the end of the video. I'll see you on the next of the video. I'll see you on the next of the video. I'll see you on the next one. Thanks everyone.
