All right, if you don't like real life All right, if you don't like real life All right, if you don't like real life ghost stories, then you're going to want ghost stories, then you're going to want ghost stories, then you're going to want to skip this video, but if you do, then to skip this video, but if you do, then to skip this video, but if you do, then stick around. stick around. stick around. When I was a kid, my father started When I was a kid, my father started When I was a kid, my father started dabbling with the occult. He joined a dabbling with the occult. He joined a dabbling with the occult. He joined a group of Rosicrucians, group of Rosicrucians, group of Rosicrucians, which is a witchcraft cult, and he would which is a witchcraft cult, and he would which is a witchcraft cult, and he would bring some items to the apartment where bring some items to the apartment where bring some items to the apartment where we lived in we lived in we lived in after work, and he would go into the after work, and he would go into the after work, and he would go into the bedroom, lock himself in. If we were in bedroom, lock himself in. If we were in bedroom, lock himself in. If we were in there, he'd, you know, have us leave, there, he'd, you know, have us leave, there, he'd, you know, have us leave, and he would perform some sort of ritual and he would perform some sort of ritual and he would perform some sort of ritual or God knows what. We weren't allowed or God knows what. We weren't allowed or God knows what. We weren't allowed in. He didn't tell us what he was doing, in. He didn't tell us what he was doing, in. He didn't tell us what he was doing, but it was something to do with the but it was something to do with the but it was something to do with the witchcraft. witchcraft. witchcraft. Strange things started happening in the Strange things started happening in the Strange things started happening in the apartment, apartment, apartment, and but eventually my mother left him. and but eventually my mother left him. and but eventually my mother left him. And we had to move in with family. And And we had to move in with family. And And we had to move in with family. And of course we were very poor, so we all of course we were very poor, so we all of course we were very poor, so we all shared a bedroom. My mother and my shared a bedroom. My mother and my shared a bedroom. My mother and my sister slept in one bed. I slept in the sister slept in one bed. I slept in the sister slept in one bed. I slept in the smaller bed next to them. smaller bed next to them. smaller bed next to them. One night, One night, One night, I remember waking up at about 3:00 in I remember waking up at about 3:00 in I remember waking up at about 3:00 in the morning. I had been waking up at the morning. I had been waking up at the morning. I had been waking up at about 3:00 in the morning every night about 3:00 in the morning every night about 3:00 in the morning every night for a while, but on this particular for a while, but on this particular for a while, but on this particular night, I woke up and I was just laying night, I woke up and I was just laying night, I woke up and I was just laying there awake, and I had turned and I was there awake, and I had turned and I was there awake, and I had turned and I was facing my mother and sister's bed, facing my mother and sister's bed, facing my mother and sister's bed, when suddenly I see this blue light come when suddenly I see this blue light come when suddenly I see this blue light come out of my mother. out of my mother. out of my mother. This bright, brilliant, indescribable This bright, brilliant, indescribable This bright, brilliant, indescribable light that I've never seen before or light that I've never seen before or light that I've never seen before or since. since. since. When this light came up, it was like my When this light came up, it was like my When this light came up, it was like my mother laying there on the bed, and this mother laying there on the bed, and this mother laying there on the bed, and this thing just came up like this. thing just came up like this. thing just came up like this. It sat up. It sat up. It sat up. It was It was It was what you would call a ghost, a spirit, what you would call a ghost, a spirit, what you would call a ghost, a spirit, and it was my mother. and it was my mother. and it was my mother. Same hair, same face, same Same hair, same face, same Same hair, same face, same torso, arms, and because it was sitting torso, arms, and because it was sitting torso, arms, and because it was sitting there, the blue in her legs, it was there, the blue in her legs, it was there, the blue in her legs, it was still just sitting there like inside her still just sitting there like inside her still just sitting there like inside her legs, but her torso, she kind of sat up legs, but her torso, she kind of sat up legs, but her torso, she kind of sat up on the bed with her arms back, like when on the bed with her arms back, like when on the bed with her arms back, like when you're about to get up out of bed. you're about to get up out of bed. you're about to get up out of bed. And it's staring forward, And it's staring forward, And it's staring forward, and I guess it sensed that I was looking and I guess it sensed that I was looking and I guess it sensed that I was looking at it, at it, at it, and so it turned to look to me. and so it turned to look to me. and so it turned to look to me. And when it looked at me, again, the And when it looked at me, again, the And when it looked at me, again, the visible appearance of it was identical visible appearance of it was identical visible appearance of it was identical to my mother, but there was something to my mother, but there was something to my mother, but there was something strange in her look. It It didn't have strange in her look. It It didn't have strange in her look. It It didn't have the look that my mother gives, the the look that my mother gives, the the look that my mother gives, the It just It didn't have that same stare, It just It didn't have that same stare, It just It didn't have that same stare, that same glare, or look that my mother that same glare, or look that my mother that same glare, or look that my mother had, you know, when when a loved one had, you know, when when a loved one had, you know, when when a loved one looks at you and they're not okay, they looks at you and they're not okay, they looks at you and they're not okay, they Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, it was off. It was foreign. It was it was off. It was foreign. It was it was off. It was foreign. It was strange. strange. strange. And it was looking at looking at me And it was looking at looking at me And it was looking at looking at me almost as if it was confused almost as if it was confused almost as if it was confused uh uh uh as to why I was looking at it. It was as to why I was looking at it. It was as to why I was looking at it. It was confused that I was in its presence. confused that I was in its presence. confused that I was in its presence. Almost as if it was strange to it that I Almost as if it was strange to it that I Almost as if it was strange to it that I was looking at her. was looking at her. was looking at her. And this freaked me out. Of course, And this freaked me out. Of course, And this freaked me out. Of course, after a few seconds, and after a few seconds, and after a few seconds, and I guess after I absorbed it and I guess after I absorbed it and I guess after I absorbed it and processed it in my 5-year-old mind, I processed it in my 5-year-old mind, I processed it in my 5-year-old mind, I began to scream bloody murder. began to scream bloody murder. began to scream bloody murder. And it looked at me. It was still And it looked at me. It was still And it looked at me. It was still looking at me, and when I started to looking at me, and when I started to looking at me, and when I started to scream, it just kind of went scream, it just kind of went scream, it just kind of went and it turned back forward, and it laid and it turned back forward, and it laid and it turned back forward, and it laid back down. back down. back down. One of the things that really stood out One of the things that really stood out One of the things that really stood out to me was to me was to me was as bright and brilliant as this thing as bright and brilliant as this thing as bright and brilliant as this thing was, was, was, it wouldn't give off any light. It it wouldn't give off any light. It it wouldn't give off any light. It didn't give off light into the room, didn't give off light into the room, didn't give off light into the room, onto the wall, onto me. It was all onto the wall, onto me. It was all onto the wall, onto me. It was all contained there, and it was the most contained there, and it was the most contained there, and it was the most brilliant blue light. I I've never seen brilliant blue light. I I've never seen brilliant blue light. I I've never seen anything like it before, anything like anything like it before, anything like anything like it before, anything like it since. It was a blue, almost like it since. It was a blue, almost like it since. It was a blue, almost like this color blue, but just imagine super this color blue, but just imagine super this color blue, but just imagine super bright. bright. bright. And so after it laid down and I started And so after it laid down and I started And so after it laid down and I started screaming, I jumped out of the bed, and screaming, I jumped out of the bed, and screaming, I jumped out of the bed, and I went over to my mother's bed, and I I went over to my mother's bed, and I I went over to my mother's bed, and I was trying to find comfort in her, but was trying to find comfort in her, but was trying to find comfort in her, but she wasn't waking up. I was basically she wasn't waking up. I was basically she wasn't waking up. I was basically dancing and jumping around on the bed, dancing and jumping around on the bed, dancing and jumping around on the bed, and it roused my sister, my my older and it roused my sister, my my older and it roused my sister, my my older sister, who was at the time 12, sister, who was at the time 12, sister, who was at the time 12, and she just kind of was like, "What's and she just kind of was like, "What's and she just kind of was like, "What's wrong? Go back to bed." And I guess she wrong? Go back to bed." And I guess she wrong? Go back to bed." And I guess she thought I was having a nightmare. thought I was having a nightmare. thought I was having a nightmare. The next morning, I go up to my mother, The next morning, I go up to my mother, The next morning, I go up to my mother, and she's getting ready for work. She and she's getting ready for work. She and she's getting ready for work. She worked at a restaurant, and I'm trying worked at a restaurant, and I'm trying worked at a restaurant, and I'm trying to tell her about what happened and if to tell her about what happened and if to tell her about what happened and if she remembered what happened. And I she remembered what happened. And I she remembered what happened. And I said, "Mom, said, "Mom, said, "Mom, can I tell you something?" And she said, can I tell you something?" And she said, can I tell you something?" And she said, "Not now, you know, "Not now, you know, "Not now, you know, I don't have time. I'm getting ready for I don't have time. I'm getting ready for I don't have time. I'm getting ready for work." I tried the next day, and work." I tried the next day, and work." I tried the next day, and apparently I tried for about 2 weeks, my apparently I tried for about 2 weeks, my apparently I tried for about 2 weeks, my mother recounts, because after about 2 mother recounts, because after about 2 mother recounts, because after about 2 weeks of me going up to her saying, weeks of me going up to her saying, weeks of me going up to her saying, "Mom, I got to tell you something," she "Mom, I got to tell you something," she "Mom, I got to tell you something," she finally it hit her, and she said, "Okay, finally it hit her, and she said, "Okay, finally it hit her, and she said, "Okay, what's wrong with this kid? Something's what's wrong with this kid? Something's what's wrong with this kid? Something's on his mind, and he needs to tell me on his mind, and he needs to tell me on his mind, and he needs to tell me something. I I better pay attention." something. I I better pay attention." something. I I better pay attention." And so I recounted the story that I just And so I recounted the story that I just And so I recounted the story that I just told you, told you, told you, and she had zero recollection of this. and she had zero recollection of this. and she had zero recollection of this. And that was strange. And she asked me And that was strange. And she asked me And that was strange. And she asked me to tell it to her more than once. Over to tell it to her more than once. Over to tell it to her more than once. Over the next, you know, few weeks, she was the next, you know, few weeks, she was the next, you know, few weeks, she was just shocked. She told family about it, just shocked. She told family about it, just shocked. She told family about it, and the story didn't change because it's and the story didn't change because it's and the story didn't change because it's a memory. It's not a story. a memory. It's not a story. a memory. It's not a story. So even years later we remember this. So even years later we remember this. So even years later we remember this. This is one of the things that stood This is one of the things that stood This is one of the things that stood out. These things, when you're dabbling out. These things, when you're dabbling out. These things, when you're dabbling with things like witchcraft, these kinds with things like witchcraft, these kinds with things like witchcraft, these kinds of things will follow you around for of things will follow you around for of things will follow you around for years. This is one of many experiences. years. This is one of many experiences. years. This is one of many experiences. So if you're interested in hearing more So if you're interested in hearing more So if you're interested in hearing more about this, let me know, drop a comment, about this, let me know, drop a comment, about this, let me know, drop a comment, let me know what you think about what I let me know what you think about what I let me know what you think about what I just told you about, and tell me if that just told you about, and tell me if that just told you about, and tell me if that would freak you out. Stitch this and tell me if you've ever Stitch this and tell me if you've ever Stitch this and tell me if you've ever had an experience with a Ouija board. had an experience with a Ouija board. had an experience with a Ouija board. I'll go first. So I was 16 years old, I'll go first. So I was 16 years old, I'll go first. So I was 16 years old, and I had a bunch of friends who were and I had a bunch of friends who were and I had a bunch of friends who were all into different variations of all into different variations of all into different variations of witchcraft and spirituality. And I had witchcraft and spirituality. And I had witchcraft and spirituality. And I had this one friend in particular, I'm going this one friend in particular, I'm going this one friend in particular, I'm going to call him Joe, who was heavily into to call him Joe, who was heavily into to call him Joe, who was heavily into witchcraft, but I don't think he really witchcraft, but I don't think he really witchcraft, but I don't think he really knew what he was doing. I think honestly knew what he was doing. I think honestly knew what he was doing. I think honestly he just listened to a lot of Marilyn he just listened to a lot of Marilyn he just listened to a lot of Marilyn Manson, but that's not the point. So Joe Manson, but that's not the point. So Joe Manson, but that's not the point. So Joe had a Ouija board, and he claimed that had a Ouija board, and he claimed that had a Ouija board, and he claimed that this Ouija board came from Salem, this Ouija board came from Salem, this Ouija board came from Salem, Massachusetts, and if you know the Massachusetts, and if you know the Massachusetts, and if you know the history behind Salem, Massachusetts, it history behind Salem, Massachusetts, it history behind Salem, Massachusetts, it just adds a little extra flavor to it, just adds a little extra flavor to it, just adds a little extra flavor to it, but I can't verify or deny that it but I can't verify or deny that it but I can't verify or deny that it actually did come from Salem. Anyway, we actually did come from Salem. Anyway, we actually did come from Salem. Anyway, we were all over at his house one day, were all over at his house one day, were all over at his house one day, which by the way, his house gave me the which by the way, his house gave me the which by the way, his house gave me the creeps. A good portion of our friend creeps. A good portion of our friend creeps. A good portion of our friend group thought that his house was haunted group thought that his house was haunted group thought that his house was haunted because he was probably dabbling in some because he was probably dabbling in some because he was probably dabbling in some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that he shouldn't have been. So [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that he shouldn't have been. So [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that he shouldn't have been. So there was about six or seven of us over there was about six or seven of us over there was about six or seven of us over there that day at his house, and he there that day at his house, and he there that day at his house, and he pulls out the Ouija board, and he's pulls out the Ouija board, and he's pulls out the Ouija board, and he's like, "Hey, let's contact the ghosts." like, "Hey, let's contact the ghosts." like, "Hey, let's contact the ghosts." And as soon as I laid eyes on the board, And as soon as I laid eyes on the board, And as soon as I laid eyes on the board, I did not get a good feeling from it. I did not get a good feeling from it. I did not get a good feeling from it. Mainly because I grew up in an Iranian Mainly because I grew up in an Iranian Mainly because I grew up in an Iranian household, and our elders always told us household, and our elders always told us household, and our elders always told us not to mess with [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that. So I not to mess with [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that. So I not to mess with [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that. So I immediately was like, "I'm not touching immediately was like, "I'm not touching immediately was like, "I'm not touching that thing, but I'll gladly watch." Two that thing, but I'll gladly watch." Two that thing, but I'll gladly watch." Two of our other friends from the group were of our other friends from the group were of our other friends from the group were also like, "Yeah, we're not touching also like, "Yeah, we're not touching also like, "Yeah, we're not touching that either." But the rest of them that either." But the rest of them that either." But the rest of them decided to play the game. So we go down decided to play the game. So we go down decided to play the game. So we go down into his basement, and by the way, his into his basement, and by the way, his into his basement, and by the way, his basement was really creepy. Just a basement was really creepy. Just a basement was really creepy. Just a little backstory, like it always was little backstory, like it always was little backstory, like it always was very cold, and his dogs wouldn't go down very cold, and his dogs wouldn't go down very cold, and his dogs wouldn't go down there, and sometimes they would just there, and sometimes they would just there, and sometimes they would just stand at the top of the stairs and just stand at the top of the stairs and just stand at the top of the stairs and just bark randomly into the darkness. And I bark randomly into the darkness. And I bark randomly into the darkness. And I trust animals on [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that, so I trust animals on [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that, so I trust animals on [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that, so I didn't get a good feeling, but they didn't get a good feeling, but they didn't get a good feeling, but they wanted to do it in the basement, so So wanted to do it in the basement, so So wanted to do it in the basement, so So we were all in the basement, and I'm we were all in the basement, and I'm we were all in the basement, and I'm just walking around. Everybody else has just walking around. Everybody else has just walking around. Everybody else has their hand on the planchette, and Joe their hand on the planchette, and Joe their hand on the planchette, and Joe starts like talking [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to the Ouija starts like talking [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to the Ouija starts like talking [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to the Ouija board. Like he literally starts going board. Like he literally starts going board. Like he literally starts going like, "You're a little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Are there like, "You're a little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Are there like, "You're a little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Are there any little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the room?" And any little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the room?" And any little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the room?" And everyone else thinks this is hilarious, everyone else thinks this is hilarious, everyone else thinks this is hilarious, but I did not get a good feeling from but I did not get a good feeling from but I did not get a good feeling from that. Like my first thought was do not that. Like my first thought was do not that. Like my first thought was do not anger whatever is in this house. But anger whatever is in this house. But anger whatever is in this house. But anyways, after they get done laughing anyways, after they get done laughing anyways, after they get done laughing about it, one of our other friends who's about it, one of our other friends who's about it, one of our other friends who's also playing with the board is like, also playing with the board is like, also playing with the board is like, "Hey, ask it a real question." So Joe "Hey, ask it a real question." So Joe "Hey, ask it a real question." So Joe was just like, "Okay, fine. If anyone is was just like, "Okay, fine. If anyone is was just like, "Okay, fine. If anyone is here, prove it." As soon as he said here, prove it." As soon as he said here, prove it." As soon as he said that, something in my gut told me to go that, something in my gut told me to go that, something in my gut told me to go back upstairs and get out of the back upstairs and get out of the back upstairs and get out of the basement. So I quite literally hauled basement. So I quite literally hauled basement. So I quite literally hauled ass up the stairs, and I could hear him ass up the stairs, and I could hear him ass up the stairs, and I could hear him asking this again, like, "If anybody's asking this again, like, "If anybody's asking this again, like, "If anybody's here, prove it. Is anybody here?" As here, prove it. Is anybody here?" As here, prove it. Is anybody here?" As soon as I get to the top of the stairs, soon as I get to the top of the stairs, soon as I get to the top of the stairs, I make eye contact with my other two I make eye contact with my other two I make eye contact with my other two friends who were sitting in the living friends who were sitting in the living friends who were sitting in the living room who did not play the game. I hear room who did not play the game. I hear room who did not play the game. I hear this sound of electricity behind me and this sound of electricity behind me and this sound of electricity behind me and glass shattering. And the friend that I glass shattering. And the friend that I glass shattering. And the friend that I was making eye contact with at that was making eye contact with at that was making eye contact with at that moment, her eyes got really big, and I moment, her eyes got really big, and I moment, her eyes got really big, and I turned around, and it was pitch dark in turned around, and it was pitch dark in turned around, and it was pitch dark in that basement. I kid you not, the that basement. I kid you not, the that basement. I kid you not, the lightbulb that they were sitting lightbulb that they were sitting lightbulb that they were sitting underneath exploded and shattered onto underneath exploded and shattered onto underneath exploded and shattered onto them. Like a couple of our friends them. Like a couple of our friends them. Like a couple of our friends downstairs were like freaking out that downstairs were like freaking out that downstairs were like freaking out that there was glass in their hair. And from there was glass in their hair. And from there was glass in their hair. And from what I understand, they didn't finish what I understand, they didn't finish what I understand, they didn't finish the game because from what I understand, the game because from what I understand, the game because from what I understand, you're supposed to put the planchette on you're supposed to put the planchette on you're supposed to put the planchette on goodbye to close the portal, and they goodbye to close the portal, and they goodbye to close the portal, and they did not do that. And one by one, as the did not do that. And one by one, as the did not do that. And one by one, as the years went on, bad things happened to years went on, bad things happened to years went on, bad things happened to every single one of those people that every single one of those people that every single one of those people that played the game. And I'm not going to go played the game. And I'm not going to go played the game. And I'm not going to go into detail because these are real into detail because these are real into detail because these are real people, and this was a real experience, people, and this was a real experience, people, and this was a real experience, but the bad things that happened ranged but the bad things that happened ranged but the bad things that happened ranged from like death to felonies. Hey, you from like death to felonies. Hey, you from like death to felonies. Hey, you can take it for what it is and leave it can take it for what it is and leave it can take it for what it is and leave it for what you think it isn't, but that for what you think it isn't, but that for what you think it isn't, but that was my first and last experience with a was my first and last experience with a was my first and last experience with a Ouija board. And I didn't even touch the Ouija board. And I didn't even touch the Ouija board. And I didn't even touch the board. I'll never judge anybody who board. I'll never judge anybody who board. I'll never judge anybody who plays with Ouija boards, that is plays with Ouija boards, that is plays with Ouija boards, that is completely on you, but you will never completely on you, but you will never completely on you, but you will never catch me touching one. This woman has the scariest stories on This woman has the scariest stories on This woman has the scariest stories on TikTok. If you're new here, hi. I TikTok. If you're new here, hi. I TikTok. If you're new here, hi. I usually talk about pretty scary stuff, usually talk about pretty scary stuff, usually talk about pretty scary stuff, and I stumbled across this woman's page and I stumbled across this woman's page and I stumbled across this woman's page a couple of days ago, and since then, I a couple of days ago, and since then, I a couple of days ago, and since then, I have not stopped thinking about this have not stopped thinking about this have not stopped thinking about this particular story. And when I tell y'all particular story. And when I tell y'all particular story. And when I tell y'all that this story scared me so bad that it that this story scared me so bad that it that this story scared me so bad that it has not left my mind. I'm specifically has not left my mind. I'm specifically has not left my mind. I'm specifically talking about this woman's video. Now, talking about this woman's video. Now, talking about this woman's video. Now, this woman was an on-call healthcare this woman was an on-call healthcare this woman was an on-call healthcare professional in the Appalachian professional in the Appalachian professional in the Appalachian Mountains. If that doesn't already give Mountains. If that doesn't already give Mountains. If that doesn't already give you chills, I don't know what will. Now, you chills, I don't know what will. Now, you chills, I don't know what will. Now, some of her clients do not have running some of her clients do not have running some of her clients do not have running water or electricity, so they would send water or electricity, so they would send water or electricity, so they would send time card slips by mail up to the time card slips by mail up to the time card slips by mail up to the clients, and when they would receive clients, and when they would receive clients, and when they would receive them is when they would have their them is when they would have their them is when they would have their appointment. Upon arriving at the appointment. Upon arriving at the appointment. Upon arriving at the specific client's house who this story specific client's house who this story specific client's house who this story is about, she was met by a swarm of is about, she was met by a swarm of is about, she was met by a swarm of flies. Now, this part of the story, I I flies. Now, this part of the story, I I flies. Now, this part of the story, I I had no idea what kind of story this was had no idea what kind of story this was had no idea what kind of story this was going to be. I did not know if it was going to be. I did not know if it was going to be. I did not know if it was going to be like a going to be like a going to be like a body, I did not know if it was going to body, I did not know if it was going to body, I did not know if it was going to be like a medical thing, I did not know. be like a medical thing, I did not know. be like a medical thing, I did not know. She says that this particular client did She says that this particular client did She says that this particular client did not have any furniture in the home. So, not have any furniture in the home. So, not have any furniture in the home. So, she was met with a damp smell and she was met with a damp smell and she was met with a damp smell and newspapers spread all over this floor. newspapers spread all over this floor. newspapers spread all over this floor. The client gestures for her to sit down The client gestures for her to sit down The client gestures for her to sit down and she does, not wanting to embarrass and she does, not wanting to embarrass and she does, not wanting to embarrass this client and there are just flies this client and there are just flies this client and there are just flies everywhere. And this is a detail that everywhere. And this is a detail that everywhere. And this is a detail that has not left my mind. As she's putting has not left my mind. As she's putting has not left my mind. As she's putting in the notes on her laptop, anytime she in the notes on her laptop, anytime she in the notes on her laptop, anytime she would move her hand, she would hit a would move her hand, she would hit a would move her hand, she would hit a fly. That is how many flies were in this fly. That is how many flies were in this fly. That is how many flies were in this home. And these flies in particular were home. And these flies in particular were home. And these flies in particular were trying to get into her eye. And you know trying to get into her eye. And you know trying to get into her eye. And you know where this is going. The fly got so where this is going. The fly got so where this is going. The fly got so close to her eye that she actually close to her eye that she actually close to her eye that she actually caught one in her eyelid. Obviously, her caught one in her eyelid. Obviously, her caught one in her eyelid. Obviously, her eye started watering, but this fly would eye started watering, but this fly would eye started watering, but this fly would not come out of her eye. Finally, she's not come out of her eye. Finally, she's not come out of her eye. Finally, she's able to get the body of the fly out of able to get the body of the fly out of able to get the body of the fly out of her eye, but she can still feel her eye, but she can still feel her eye, but she can still feel something in her eye. But she continues something in her eye. But she continues something in her eye. But she continues on, she continues taking her notes, on, she continues taking her notes, on, she continues taking her notes, she's asking the client questions and she's asking the client questions and she's asking the client questions and had been noticing that whenever she had been noticing that whenever she had been noticing that whenever she would ask this client a question, who would ask this client a question, who would ask this client a question, who lived alone, they would respond back in lived alone, they would respond back in lived alone, they would respond back in plural. So, do you take medications? plural. So, do you take medications? plural. So, do you take medications? Yes, we take medications. We live here. Yes, we take medications. We live here. Yes, we take medications. We live here. Plural. And at one point, she asks this Plural. And at one point, she asks this Plural. And at one point, she asks this client to clarify and they say, "We live client to clarify and they say, "We live client to clarify and they say, "We live here." So, after this visit is here." So, after this visit is here." So, after this visit is concluded, she gets in her car, she goes concluded, she gets in her car, she goes concluded, she gets in her car, she goes home. Once she gets home, she makes an home. Once she gets home, she makes an home. Once she gets home, she makes an appointment with her optometrist to get appointment with her optometrist to get appointment with her optometrist to get whatever's left out of her eye because whatever's left out of her eye because whatever's left out of her eye because she can feel that there's something she can feel that there's something she can feel that there's something still in there. Now, she goes to leave, still in there. Now, she goes to leave, still in there. Now, she goes to leave, flies covering the screen door. She's flies covering the screen door. She's flies covering the screen door. She's like, "What the heck is going on?" So, like, "What the heck is going on?" So, like, "What the heck is going on?" So, she brushes them off, gets in her car, she brushes them off, gets in her car, she brushes them off, gets in her car, turns the car on, goes to the turns the car on, goes to the turns the car on, goes to the optometrist and they are able to remove optometrist and they are able to remove optometrist and they are able to remove a fly's wing and a fly's leg. Gets in a fly's wing and a fly's leg. Gets in a fly's wing and a fly's leg. Gets in her car, starts the car her car, starts the car her car, starts the car and flies and flies and flies buzz buzz buzz through the vents. And it's at this through the vents. And it's at this through the vents. And it's at this point where she's understanding what point where she's understanding what point where she's understanding what this client was meaning when they would this client was meaning when they would this client was meaning when they would say, "We live here. We take medications. say, "We live here. We take medications. say, "We live here. We take medications. We do this." And immediately goes to her We do this." And immediately goes to her We do this." And immediately goes to her church because if you don't know what church because if you don't know what church because if you don't know what I'm picking up and putting down, um this I'm picking up and putting down, um this I'm picking up and putting down, um this was a demonic was a demonic was a demonic entity. Now, in retrospect, yes, it entity. Now, in retrospect, yes, it entity. Now, in retrospect, yes, it makes a lot of sense because the flies, makes a lot of sense because the flies, makes a lot of sense because the flies, the smell, the we. He says, "Cast it the smell, the we. He says, "Cast it the smell, the we. He says, "Cast it out. It is not welcome to be in your out. It is not welcome to be in your out. It is not welcome to be in your home." So, she does just that. And mind home." So, she does just that. And mind home." So, she does just that. And mind you, the flies have not left her home. you, the flies have not left her home. you, the flies have not left her home. She casts this thing out. She is laying She casts this thing out. She is laying She casts this thing out. She is laying in bed waiting for her husband to come in bed waiting for her husband to come in bed waiting for her husband to come up to bed. When she sees something up to bed. When she sees something up to bed. When she sees something sitting on her ceiling. And this is sitting on her ceiling. And this is sitting on her ceiling. And this is where I get the chills, okay? I've been where I get the chills, okay? I've been where I get the chills, okay? I've been thinking about it for almost a week. She thinking about it for almost a week. She thinking about it for almost a week. She says that this thing was missing a leg. says that this thing was missing a leg. says that this thing was missing a leg. And she says that And she says that And she says that it started to turn its head. it started to turn its head. it started to turn its head. And she knows this because she could see And she knows this because she could see And she knows this because she could see its hair fall its hair fall its hair fall to look at her when it was changing its to look at her when it was changing its to look at her when it was changing its position. And it begins to crawl across position. And it begins to crawl across position. And it begins to crawl across her ceiling, not breaking eye contact her ceiling, not breaking eye contact her ceiling, not breaking eye contact with her. Crawled into her closet. She with her. Crawled into her closet. She with her. Crawled into her closet. She never saw it again. And here's the never saw it again. And here's the never saw it again. And here's the kicker. kicker. kicker. Wakes up the next morning, goes Wakes up the next morning, goes Wakes up the next morning, goes downstairs, opens up her front door and downstairs, opens up her front door and downstairs, opens up her front door and all of the flies that were infesting the all of the flies that were infesting the all of the flies that were infesting the screen door were now dead. And all I got screen door were now dead. And all I got screen door were now dead. And all I got to say is this. to say is this. to say is this. That woman said something very important That woman said something very important That woman said something very important in that video and it is throughout the in that video and it is throughout the in that video and it is throughout the entirety of it. She says that when you entirety of it. She says that when you entirety of it. She says that when you talk about things like this, talk about things like this, talk about things like this, it manifests. And I couldn't agree more. it manifests. And I couldn't agree more. it manifests. And I couldn't agree more. Right after I heard this video, I am Right after I heard this video, I am Right after I heard this video, I am walking out the front door and I hear walking out the front door and I hear walking out the front door and I hear something. And mind you, I've been doing something. And mind you, I've been doing something. And mind you, I've been doing really, really good, okay? I have not really, really good, okay? I have not really, really good, okay? I have not heard a single peep, I have not heard a heard a single peep, I have not heard a heard a single peep, I have not heard a single scratch, I have not heard single scratch, I have not heard single scratch, I have not heard anything until I heard this video. So, anything until I heard this video. So, anything until I heard this video. So, take that as you will. But anyways, take that as you will. But anyways, take that as you will. But anyways, that's going to do it for me. Stay tuned that's going to do it for me. Stay tuned that's going to do it for me. Stay tuned for more ghost stories. Okay, so the scary story that I'm about Okay, so the scary story that I'm about Okay, so the scary story that I'm about to tell has a huge trigger warning. to tell has a huge trigger warning. to tell has a huge trigger warning. Deals with possible possession Deals with possible possession Deals with possible possession demons and other very scary things. demons and other very scary things. demons and other very scary things. Before I jump into it, my name is Kaisa, Before I jump into it, my name is Kaisa, Before I jump into it, my name is Kaisa, I tell scary stories every single night. I tell scary stories every single night. I tell scary stories every single night. So, if you want to send me your scary So, if you want to send me your scary So, if you want to send me your scary story, then the email is in my bio. It story, then the email is in my bio. It story, then the email is in my bio. It is kaisasooky@gmail.com. is kaisasooky@gmail.com. is kaisasooky@gmail.com. Feel free to send me your scary stories, Feel free to send me your scary stories, Feel free to send me your scary stories, I absolutely love them. Okay, let's dive I absolutely love them. Okay, let's dive I absolutely love them. Okay, let's dive right into it. Holly actually told me right into it. Holly actually told me right into it. Holly actually told me that I could tag her in the description, that I could tag her in the description, that I could tag her in the description, so that's what I'm going to do. If you so that's what I'm going to do. If you so that's what I'm going to do. If you guys have anything to say to her or any guys have anything to say to her or any guys have anything to say to her or any advice or thoughts, then drop them in advice or thoughts, then drop them in advice or thoughts, then drop them in the comments. She's going to be reading the comments. She's going to be reading the comments. She's going to be reading them. Okay, so a girl named Holly sent them. Okay, so a girl named Holly sent them. Okay, so a girl named Holly sent me her scary story and it starts in 1997 me her scary story and it starts in 1997 me her scary story and it starts in 1997 when her stepfather and her mother met. when her stepfather and her mother met. when her stepfather and her mother met. Holly actually said that her Holly actually said that her Holly actually said that her grandparents were always very grandparents were always very grandparents were always very apprehensive of her stepfather. Her apprehensive of her stepfather. Her apprehensive of her stepfather. Her grandmother said that he had a very cold grandmother said that he had a very cold grandmother said that he had a very cold demeanor despite everyone else thinking demeanor despite everyone else thinking demeanor despite everyone else thinking that he was a very bubbly and outspoken that he was a very bubbly and outspoken that he was a very bubbly and outspoken guy. She just felt like there was guy. She just felt like there was guy. She just felt like there was something off about him. Holly said that something off about him. Holly said that something off about him. Holly said that her and her family actually lived with her and her family actually lived with her and her family actually lived with her grandparents in 1997. And she said her grandparents in 1997. And she said her grandparents in 1997. And she said that while they were under their roof, that while they were under their roof, that while they were under their roof, nothing scary happened. In 1999, Holly nothing scary happened. In 1999, Holly nothing scary happened. In 1999, Holly and her family had purchased a trailer and her family had purchased a trailer and her family had purchased a trailer and actually moved out of her and actually moved out of her and actually moved out of her grandparents' house. One night after grandparents' house. One night after grandparents' house. One night after moving into the trailer, she was moving into the trailer, she was moving into the trailer, she was sleeping in her bed by herself. They sleeping in her bed by herself. They sleeping in her bed by herself. They actually had a cat and in the middle of actually had a cat and in the middle of actually had a cat and in the middle of the night, the cat woke her up by the night, the cat woke her up by the night, the cat woke her up by jumping on her bed. She wakes up from jumping on her bed. She wakes up from jumping on her bed. She wakes up from like a slumber, she's a little sleepy like a slumber, she's a little sleepy like a slumber, she's a little sleepy and she looks over in her doorway and and she looks over in her doorway and and she looks over in her doorway and all of a sudden she sees this white all of a sudden she sees this white all of a sudden she sees this white apparition. She said she didn't actually apparition. She said she didn't actually apparition. She said she didn't actually know if she was dreaming or awake, but know if she was dreaming or awake, but know if she was dreaming or awake, but this white apparition actually looked this white apparition actually looked this white apparition actually looked like a woman. Woman did not scare her at like a woman. Woman did not scare her at like a woman. Woman did not scare her at all. She was dressed in like a full all. She was dressed in like a full all. She was dressed in like a full Victorian era style and she said that Victorian era style and she said that Victorian era style and she said that she actually resembled her aunt a little she actually resembled her aunt a little she actually resembled her aunt a little bit. Her great aunt. The only thing was bit. Her great aunt. The only thing was bit. Her great aunt. The only thing was is that her aunt was still alive and is that her aunt was still alive and is that her aunt was still alive and this apparition obviously wasn't human this apparition obviously wasn't human this apparition obviously wasn't human or at least anything living. So, or at least anything living. So, or at least anything living. So, remember that I talk about this because remember that I talk about this because remember that I talk about this because this will actually make sense later on this will actually make sense later on this will actually make sense later on in the story. So, she said that later in the story. So, she said that later in the story. So, she said that later after that night, she actually had a after that night, she actually had a after that night, she actually had a bunch of experiences. Her entire family bunch of experiences. Her entire family bunch of experiences. Her entire family did. But they weren't like huge crazy did. But they weren't like huge crazy did. But they weren't like huge crazy experiences. They were more or less just experiences. They were more or less just experiences. They were more or less just like hearing voices every once in a like hearing voices every once in a like hearing voices every once in a while, doors opening and closing by while, doors opening and closing by while, doors opening and closing by themselves or seeing shadow figures out themselves or seeing shadow figures out themselves or seeing shadow figures out of the corner of their eye. Now, most of the corner of their eye. Now, most of the corner of their eye. Now, most people would think that this was scary people would think that this was scary people would think that this was scary and this is scary, but it is absolutely and this is scary, but it is absolutely and this is scary, but it is absolutely nothing compared to what happens to this nothing compared to what happens to this nothing compared to what happens to this family later on. So, after 2002, Holly's family later on. So, after 2002, Holly's family later on. So, after 2002, Holly's little sister is born and she said that little sister is born and she said that little sister is born and she said that this is when things really started to this is when things really started to this is when things really started to amp up. Holly's stepdad had two other amp up. Holly's stepdad had two other amp up. Holly's stepdad had two other boys from a previous marriage and Kevin boys from a previous marriage and Kevin boys from a previous marriage and Kevin really stepped it up after her little really stepped it up after her little really stepped it up after her little sister was born because her dad was a sister was born because her dad was a sister was born because her dad was a truck driver or her stepdad and he was truck driver or her stepdad and he was truck driver or her stepdad and he was gone a lot. So, he was constantly gone a lot. So, he was constantly gone a lot. So, he was constantly helping out with his little sister. One helping out with his little sister. One helping out with his little sister. One day, Kevin was on his computer playing day, Kevin was on his computer playing day, Kevin was on his computer playing computer games as he often would. computer games as he often would. computer games as he often would. Computer was right in front of him on a Computer was right in front of him on a Computer was right in front of him on a bay window. He's just minding his bay window. He's just minding his bay window. He's just minding his business playing his computer game when business playing his computer game when business playing his computer game when all of the sudden he hears bang, bang, all of the sudden he hears bang, bang, all of the sudden he hears bang, bang, bang on the front door. Now, these bang on the front door. Now, these bang on the front door. Now, these knocks were so loud that he actually knocks were so loud that he actually knocks were so loud that he actually thought it was police officers at first, thought it was police officers at first, thought it was police officers at first, but obviously there were no police but obviously there were no police but obviously there were no police officers. Holly said that you could see officers. Holly said that you could see officers. Holly said that you could see the storm door from where he was the storm door from where he was the storm door from where he was sitting. The storm door to get to the sitting. The storm door to get to the sitting. The storm door to get to the main door was not open. No one was at main door was not open. No one was at main door was not open. No one was at the door. No one. Not long after this, the door. No one. Not long after this, the door. No one. Not long after this, Kevin is at work and her dad is on the Kevin is at work and her dad is on the Kevin is at work and her dad is on the road as usual. Her and her mom are road as usual. Her and her mom are road as usual. Her and her mom are sitting in the living room playing sitting in the living room playing sitting in the living room playing Nintendo. All of the sudden her little Nintendo. All of the sudden her little Nintendo. All of the sudden her little brother comes into the living room and brother comes into the living room and brother comes into the living room and says, "Yes, Mommy." Her mom looks at him says, "Yes, Mommy." Her mom looks at him says, "Yes, Mommy." Her mom looks at him confused and she's like, confused and she's like, confused and she's like, "What?" And her little brother is like, "What?" And her little brother is like, "What?" And her little brother is like, "You just called my name." And she's "You just called my name." And she's "You just called my name." And she's like, "No, I didn't." And he was like, like, "No, I didn't." And he was like, like, "No, I didn't." And he was like, "Yes, you did. You yelled for me." And "Yes, you did. You yelled for me." And "Yes, you did. You yelled for me." And she was like, "No, I didn't." And then she was like, "No, I didn't." And then she was like, "No, I didn't." And then Holly was like, "No, she didn't." So, Holly was like, "No, she didn't." So, Holly was like, "No, she didn't." So, they kind of push this to the back of they kind of push this to the back of they kind of push this to the back of their mind because they're like, "Okay." their mind because they're like, "Okay." their mind because they're like, "Okay." And they let it go. They go back to And they let it go. They go back to And they let it go. They go back to playing Nintendo and he goes back in his playing Nintendo and he goes back in his playing Nintendo and he goes back in his room and starts playing with a GI Joe. room and starts playing with a GI Joe. room and starts playing with a GI Joe. When all of the sudden her little When all of the sudden her little When all of the sudden her little brother, Donovan was his name, comes brother, Donovan was his name, comes brother, Donovan was his name, comes running back in the room. He's like, running back in the room. He's like, running back in the room. He's like, "Mommy, Mommy, there's a man outside my "Mommy, Mommy, there's a man outside my "Mommy, Mommy, there's a man outside my window and he wants me to come outside window and he wants me to come outside window and he wants me to come outside and play with him." Holly said that in and play with him." Holly said that in and play with him." Holly said that in this moment her mom looked like she this moment her mom looked like she this moment her mom looked like she completely froze and later on her mom completely froze and later on her mom completely froze and later on her mom tells her that she went completely numb. tells her that she went completely numb. tells her that she went completely numb. Her mom slowly gets up, she goes to go Her mom slowly gets up, she goes to go Her mom slowly gets up, she goes to go into Donovan's room. As she's walking into Donovan's room. As she's walking into Donovan's room. As she's walking into his room, she hears, "Donovan." into his room, she hears, "Donovan." into his room, she hears, "Donovan." in her ear. There was no man at the in her ear. There was no man at the in her ear. There was no man at the window. Now, when her sister is old window. Now, when her sister is old window. Now, when her sister is old enough to babble out some words, a year enough to babble out some words, a year enough to babble out some words, a year or two later, she would wake up or two later, she would wake up or two later, she would wake up screaming and crying in the middle of screaming and crying in the middle of screaming and crying in the middle of the night saying that there was a man the night saying that there was a man the night saying that there was a man with red eyes in her closet. The creepy with red eyes in her closet. The creepy with red eyes in her closet. The creepy thing about this was is that she thing about this was is that she thing about this was is that she actually shared a room with her mom and actually shared a room with her mom and actually shared a room with her mom and dad. So, she was seeing this creepy man dad. So, she was seeing this creepy man dad. So, she was seeing this creepy man in her mom and dad's closet. Now, fast in her mom and dad's closet. Now, fast in her mom and dad's closet. Now, fast forward to 2008 and now Kevin has moved forward to 2008 and now Kevin has moved forward to 2008 and now Kevin has moved out on his own. It's now just her, her out on his own. It's now just her, her out on his own. It's now just her, her mom, her stepdad, her little brother and mom, her stepdad, her little brother and mom, her stepdad, her little brother and her little sister. She's 14 at this time her little sister. She's 14 at this time her little sister. She's 14 at this time and one night they all decide that and one night they all decide that and one night they all decide that they're going to go to Texas Roadhouse they're going to go to Texas Roadhouse they're going to go to Texas Roadhouse for dinner. Afterwards, they come home for dinner. Afterwards, they come home for dinner. Afterwards, they come home and they take their dogs out to go to and they take their dogs out to go to and they take their dogs out to go to the bathroom. Said they were little the bathroom. Said they were little the bathroom. Said they were little Pomeranians, they were really nothing to Pomeranians, they were really nothing to Pomeranians, they were really nothing to be afraid of and they would normally be afraid of and they would normally be afraid of and they would normally just go outside as usual, go to the just go outside as usual, go to the just go outside as usual, go to the bathroom and and then come back inside bathroom and and then come back inside bathroom and and then come back inside with absolutely no problem. On this with absolutely no problem. On this with absolutely no problem. On this particular night, her stepdad took them particular night, her stepdad took them particular night, her stepdad took them outside in front of the house and and outside in front of the house and and outside in front of the house and and they bolted towards the back of the they bolted towards the back of the they bolted towards the back of the house. Now, Holly said that there was house. Now, Holly said that there was house. Now, Holly said that there was actually a creek in the back of her actually a creek in the back of her actually a creek in the back of her house. So, her stepdad goes and runs it house. So, her stepdad goes and runs it house. So, her stepdad goes and runs it after them to go pick them up. Now, it's after them to go pick them up. Now, it's after them to go pick them up. Now, it's important to note right now that her important to note right now that her important to note right now that her stepdad is a big dude. Big, stoic dude. stepdad is a big dude. Big, stoic dude. stepdad is a big dude. Big, stoic dude. Does not scare easily and is just kind Does not scare easily and is just kind Does not scare easily and is just kind of intimidating himself. So, her and her of intimidating himself. So, her and her of intimidating himself. So, her and her family are sitting inside when all of a family are sitting inside when all of a family are sitting inside when all of a sudden her stepdad runs in and he is sudden her stepdad runs in and he is sudden her stepdad runs in and he is bawling his eyes out. He is absolutely bawling his eyes out. He is absolutely bawling his eyes out. He is absolutely hysterical and he says that something hysterical and he says that something hysterical and he says that something appeared to him. Standing across the appeared to him. Standing across the appeared to him. Standing across the creek, it was black, about 7 ft tall and creek, it was black, about 7 ft tall and creek, it was black, about 7 ft tall and had red glowing eyes. had red glowing eyes. had red glowing eyes. Sound familiar? So, he's absolutely Sound familiar? So, he's absolutely Sound familiar? So, he's absolutely losing his ever loving mind. But her mom losing his ever loving mind. But her mom losing his ever loving mind. But her mom seems to calm him down and everything is seems to calm him down and everything is seems to calm him down and everything is okay. He is at least as okay as he can okay. He is at least as okay as he can okay. He is at least as okay as he can be for the time being and everybody is be for the time being and everybody is be for the time being and everybody is safe in the house and they all go to safe in the house and they all go to safe in the house and they all go to bed. So, now the next part of the story bed. So, now the next part of the story bed. So, now the next part of the story is a Saturday. Holly is just sitting in is a Saturday. Holly is just sitting in is a Saturday. Holly is just sitting in bed alone talking to her boyfriend on bed alone talking to her boyfriend on bed alone talking to her boyfriend on the phone. All of the sudden the storm the phone. All of the sudden the storm the phone. All of the sudden the storm door flies open and she hears that bang, door flies open and she hears that bang, door flies open and she hears that bang, bang, bang again that her brother had bang, bang again that her brother had bang, bang again that her brother had heard previously. It was loud and fast heard previously. It was loud and fast heard previously. It was loud and fast and this was around 1:00 a.m. She then and this was around 1:00 a.m. She then and this was around 1:00 a.m. She then eventually gets off the phone with her eventually gets off the phone with her eventually gets off the phone with her boyfriend after he tries to convince her boyfriend after he tries to convince her boyfriend after he tries to convince her that this is just a figure of her that this is just a figure of her that this is just a figure of her imagination. When she just sees a figure imagination. When she just sees a figure imagination. When she just sees a figure pacing back and forth, back and forth in pacing back and forth, back and forth in pacing back and forth, back and forth in front of her window. She said that she front of her window. She said that she front of her window. She said that she was so scared that she couldn't move, was so scared that she couldn't move, was so scared that she couldn't move, she was sweating and she was frozen. she was sweating and she was frozen. she was sweating and she was frozen. Now, a couple more things happened like Now, a couple more things happened like Now, a couple more things happened like her sister got a little bit older and her sister got a little bit older and her sister got a little bit older and she started seeing the red eye man, too. she started seeing the red eye man, too. she started seeing the red eye man, too. Things are actively starting to get a Things are actively starting to get a Things are actively starting to get a little bit more intense and darker and little bit more intense and darker and little bit more intense and darker and eviler. eviler. eviler. Is that a word? I do not know. But one Is that a word? I do not know. But one Is that a word? I do not know. But one terrifying night, she's on the MySpace terrifying night, she's on the MySpace terrifying night, she's on the MySpace alone in her kitchen. Everyone else is alone in her kitchen. Everyone else is alone in her kitchen. Everyone else is sleeping, it's about 4:00 a.m. When all sleeping, it's about 4:00 a.m. When all sleeping, it's about 4:00 a.m. When all of the sudden she sees her parents' of the sudden she sees her parents' of the sudden she sees her parents' bathroom light turn on, but she doesn't bathroom light turn on, but she doesn't bathroom light turn on, but she doesn't hear anyone get up. Then all of a sudden hear anyone get up. Then all of a sudden hear anyone get up. Then all of a sudden she sees her stepdad slowly walking out she sees her stepdad slowly walking out she sees her stepdad slowly walking out of the room in like the creepiest, of the room in like the creepiest, of the room in like the creepiest, slowest manner. Doesn't really think slowest manner. Doesn't really think slowest manner. Doesn't really think anything of it except for how slowly anything of it except for how slowly anything of it except for how slowly he's walking is a little creepy until he he's walking is a little creepy until he he's walking is a little creepy until he walks into the kitchen and he just walks into the kitchen and he just walks into the kitchen and he just stares at her. stares at her. stares at her. Just stares. Before she actually looked Just stares. Before she actually looked Just stares. Before she actually looked up at him, she actually asked if he up at him, she actually asked if he up at him, she actually asked if he needed anything while he was just needed anything while he was just needed anything while he was just standing there. But he doesn't respond standing there. But he doesn't respond standing there. But he doesn't respond and so she looks up and she sees him and so she looks up and she sees him and so she looks up and she sees him just standing there and his eyes are just standing there and his eyes are just standing there and his eyes are black. She said that he stood and stared black. She said that he stood and stared black. She said that he stood and stared at her for a couple of seconds, felt at her for a couple of seconds, felt at her for a couple of seconds, felt like a couple of minutes before he just like a couple of minutes before he just like a couple of minutes before he just turned around and went back to bed with turned around and went back to bed with turned around and went back to bed with her dumbfounded. This would be the her dumbfounded. This would be the her dumbfounded. This would be the beginning of her stepfathers just beginning of her stepfathers just beginning of her stepfathers just downfall. And it gets darker, it gets downfall. And it gets darker, it gets downfall. And it gets darker, it gets scarier, it gets scarier, it gets scarier, it gets like bad. Well, we are at 8 minutes and like bad. Well, we are at 8 minutes and like bad. Well, we are at 8 minutes and 42 seconds right now, so I have to stop 42 seconds right now, so I have to stop 42 seconds right now, so I have to stop this video and make a part two. This is part two of the scary story of This is part two of the scary story of This is part two of the scary story of Holly of the haunting that actually led Holly of the haunting that actually led Holly of the haunting that actually led to a possible possession. Now, a couple to a possible possession. Now, a couple to a possible possession. Now, a couple things. There is a trigger warning things. There is a trigger warning things. There is a trigger warning because at some point in the story, and because at some point in the story, and because at some point in the story, and I'm not sure if I'm going to have to I'm not sure if I'm going to have to I'm not sure if I'm going to have to make a part three or not, there is a make a part three or not, there is a make a part three or not, there is a fatality due to the possible possession. fatality due to the possible possession. fatality due to the possible possession. So, big trigger warning. Also, I have to So, big trigger warning. Also, I have to So, big trigger warning. Also, I have to do my makeup while we're talking about do my makeup while we're talking about do my makeup while we're talking about the story because I'm getting ready for the story because I'm getting ready for the story because I'm getting ready for a New Year's Eve party, so I'm sorry a New Year's Eve party, so I'm sorry a New Year's Eve party, so I'm sorry about that. So, after the night that about that. So, after the night that about that. So, after the night that Holly saw her stepfather with the black Holly saw her stepfather with the black Holly saw her stepfather with the black eyes and he just walked back into his eyes and he just walked back into his eyes and he just walked back into his room, mom and her stepdad's marriage room, mom and her stepdad's marriage room, mom and her stepdad's marriage actually starts to completely actually starts to completely actually starts to completely deteriorate sadly. He starts staying on deteriorate sadly. He starts staying on deteriorate sadly. He starts staying on the road, not calling, not coming home, the road, not calling, not coming home, the road, not calling, not coming home, just completely avoided. They actually just completely avoided. They actually just completely avoided. They actually ended up filing for a divorce that ended up filing for a divorce that ended up filing for a divorce that summer. So, they had to move out of the summer. So, they had to move out of the summer. So, they had to move out of the house that they were in and they moved house that they were in and they moved house that they were in and they moved into their grandparents' house. After into their grandparents' house. After into their grandparents' house. After they move into her grandparents' house, they move into her grandparents' house, they move into her grandparents' house, the activity actually completely the activity actually completely the activity actually completely stopped. But this definitely wouldn't stopped. But this definitely wouldn't stopped. But this definitely wouldn't last for long cuz then they moved into a last for long cuz then they moved into a last for long cuz then they moved into a three-story duplex and things just got three-story duplex and things just got three-story duplex and things just got worse. Before Holly's senior trip, worse. Before Holly's senior trip, worse. Before Holly's senior trip, instead of going somewhere fun with her instead of going somewhere fun with her instead of going somewhere fun with her friends, she actually decided to go to friends, she actually decided to go to friends, she actually decided to go to Oklahoma to visit her stepfather because Oklahoma to visit her stepfather because Oklahoma to visit her stepfather because she hadn't seen him in a while. She also she hadn't seen him in a while. She also she hadn't seen him in a while. She also wanted to visit Kevin cuz she hadn't wanted to visit Kevin cuz she hadn't wanted to visit Kevin cuz she hadn't seen him in a while either. And when she seen him in a while either. And when she seen him in a while either. And when she goes there, she's talking to Kevin one goes there, she's talking to Kevin one goes there, she's talking to Kevin one night. He goes, "Have you ever seen night. He goes, "Have you ever seen night. He goes, "Have you ever seen anything weird like following dad anything weird like following dad anything weird like following dad around?" And she's like, "I have no idea around?" And she's like, "I have no idea around?" And she's like, "I have no idea what you're talking about." And he goes, what you're talking about." And he goes, what you're talking about." And he goes, "Sometimes when he's walking around, I "Sometimes when he's walking around, I "Sometimes when he's walking around, I see a dark figure just following him see a dark figure just following him see a dark figure just following him around." And she goes, "What do you around." And she goes, "What do you around." And she goes, "What do you mean?" And he's like, "I see this dark mean?" And he's like, "I see this dark mean?" And he's like, "I see this dark figure. Sometimes I see it in the figure. Sometimes I see it in the figure. Sometimes I see it in the hallway, sometimes I see it like behind hallway, sometimes I see it like behind hallway, sometimes I see it like behind him, but mostly I see it behind him like him, but mostly I see it behind him like him, but mostly I see it behind him like following right directly behind him. And following right directly behind him. And following right directly behind him. And this spirit or whatever it is is not this spirit or whatever it is is not this spirit or whatever it is is not good." And he says something that's good." And he says something that's good." And he says something that's absolutely chilling and he tells her absolutely chilling and he tells her absolutely chilling and he tells her that sometimes when the dad is snoring, that sometimes when the dad is snoring, that sometimes when the dad is snoring, the snoring doesn't even sound human. the snoring doesn't even sound human. the snoring doesn't even sound human. So, at this point she completely breaks So, at this point she completely breaks So, at this point she completely breaks down and she's like, "Oh my god, like down and she's like, "Oh my god, like down and she's like, "Oh my god, like yes, I've had so many experiences with yes, I've had so many experiences with yes, I've had so many experiences with him." And she tells him what happened to him." And she tells him what happened to him." And she tells him what happened to over the summer. The whole black eye over the summer. The whole black eye over the summer. The whole black eye situation and everything else that she situation and everything else that she situation and everything else that she experienced. Now, we're going to skip to experienced. Now, we're going to skip to experienced. Now, we're going to skip to 2013 when she is living in the duplex, 2013 when she is living in the duplex, 2013 when she is living in the duplex, the three-story duplex that I told you the three-story duplex that I told you the three-story duplex that I told you about. One night, her entire family is about. One night, her entire family is about. One night, her entire family is out of town. It is literally only her in out of town. It is literally only her in out of town. It is literally only her in her house. She's bored, she's just her house. She's bored, she's just her house. She's bored, she's just chilling and she decides that she's chilling and she decides that she's chilling and she decides that she's going to order pizza. So, she orders going to order pizza. So, she orders going to order pizza. So, she orders pizza and she's just chilling on the pizza and she's just chilling on the pizza and she's just chilling on the couch. And all of the sudden, she hears couch. And all of the sudden, she hears couch. And all of the sudden, she hears something in the basement. It is a something in the basement. It is a something in the basement. It is a blood-curdling blood-curdling blood-curdling scream coming from a woman. She's like, scream coming from a woman. She's like, scream coming from a woman. She's like, "Oh my god, what the hell is going on?" "Oh my god, what the hell is going on?" "Oh my god, what the hell is going on?" And her logical brain is like, "It's my And her logical brain is like, "It's my And her logical brain is like, "It's my neighbors. I have to call my neighbors neighbors. I have to call my neighbors neighbors. I have to call my neighbors and see if they're okay." So, she calls and see if they're okay." So, she calls and see if they're okay." So, she calls her neighbor and she's like, "Hey, are her neighbor and she's like, "Hey, are her neighbor and she's like, "Hey, are you okay?" And the neighbor is like, you okay?" And the neighbor is like, you okay?" And the neighbor is like, "Honey, I've been at work this entire "Honey, I've been at work this entire "Honey, I've been at work this entire time. I have not been home. I have no time. I have not been home. I have no time. I have not been home. I have no idea what that is." So, at this point idea what that is." So, at this point idea what that is." So, at this point she is absolutely terrified and she was she is absolutely terrified and she was she is absolutely terrified and she was like, "Oh my god, I am not staying here like, "Oh my god, I am not staying here like, "Oh my god, I am not staying here anymore. I'm going to my grandparents'." anymore. I'm going to my grandparents'." anymore. I'm going to my grandparents'." And that's exactly what she did. She And that's exactly what she did. She And that's exactly what she did. She went to her grandparents' for the rest went to her grandparents' for the rest went to her grandparents' for the rest of the time that they were not at home. of the time that they were not at home. of the time that they were not at home. So, her mom gets home and she's actually So, her mom gets home and she's actually So, her mom gets home and she's actually like, "You know what? I'm just going to like, "You know what? I'm just going to like, "You know what? I'm just going to tell my mom what happened and I'm we tell my mom what happened and I'm we tell my mom what happened and I'm we need to get some paranormal need to get some paranormal need to get some paranormal investigators in here because this is investigators in here because this is investigators in here because this is just getting out of control." So, that's just getting out of control." So, that's just getting out of control." So, that's what she does. She talks to her mom what she does. She talks to her mom what she does. She talks to her mom about it and then her mom tells her about it and then her mom tells her about it and then her mom tells her something chilling. Her mom tells her something chilling. Her mom tells her something chilling. Her mom tells her that that sometimes when she's down in that that sometimes when she's down in that that sometimes when she's down in the basement doing laundry that all of the basement doing laundry that all of the basement doing laundry that all of the sudden she'll hear someone growling the sudden she'll hear someone growling the sudden she'll hear someone growling in the back of her ear. So, Holly and in the back of her ear. So, Holly and in the back of her ear. So, Holly and her mom are like, "Nope, that's okay. her mom are like, "Nope, that's okay. her mom are like, "Nope, that's okay. That is enough. We are calling a That is enough. We are calling a That is enough. We are calling a paranormal investigator." They call a paranormal investigator." They call a paranormal investigator." They call a paranormal investigator and the paranormal investigator and the paranormal investigator and the paranormal investigator actually brings paranormal investigator actually brings paranormal investigator actually brings a sensitive over, a medium. And the a sensitive over, a medium. And the a sensitive over, a medium. And the medium goes to the house and as soon as medium goes to the house and as soon as medium goes to the house and as soon as she gets to the basement, she starts to she gets to the basement, she starts to she gets to the basement, she starts to get incredibly nauseous and she actually get incredibly nauseous and she actually get incredibly nauseous and she actually can't stay in the basement. She has to can't stay in the basement. She has to can't stay in the basement. She has to go upstairs. Medium then takes her mom go upstairs. Medium then takes her mom go upstairs. Medium then takes her mom and Holly upstairs and she's like, and Holly upstairs and she's like, and Holly upstairs and she's like, "Listen, I have to tell you something. "Listen, I have to tell you something. "Listen, I have to tell you something. There is something wrong with your There is something wrong with your There is something wrong with your husband. There is an entity that is husband. There is an entity that is husband. There is an entity that is following him and this entity is not following him and this entity is not following him and this entity is not good. And that unfortunately has been good. And that unfortunately has been good. And that unfortunately has been following him from a past life." She following him from a past life." She following him from a past life." She then turns and looks at Holly and she then turns and looks at Holly and she then turns and looks at Holly and she says, "You have a protector and this says, "You have a protector and this says, "You have a protector and this protector is a woman and the woman does protector is a woman and the woman does protector is a woman and the woman does not like to see you sad." She tells her not like to see you sad." She tells her not like to see you sad." She tells her that she has been there for her in that she has been there for her in that she has been there for her in instances like instances that Holly had instances like instances that Holly had instances like instances that Holly had never told anybody. Like one time she never told anybody. Like one time she never told anybody. Like one time she was dating this guy casually, but she was dating this guy casually, but she was dating this guy casually, but she didn't really tell anybody that she was didn't really tell anybody that she was didn't really tell anybody that she was dating this guy and one day they broke dating this guy and one day they broke dating this guy and one day they broke up and she was crying in her room and up and she was crying in her room and up and she was crying in her room and apparently this woman who was her apparently this woman who was her apparently this woman who was her protector was there the whole time protector was there the whole time protector was there the whole time comforting her while she was crying. So, comforting her while she was crying. So, comforting her while she was crying. So, Holly asked the medium to describe who Holly asked the medium to describe who Holly asked the medium to describe who this woman is and what she looks like. this woman is and what she looks like. this woman is and what she looks like. And what does the lady describe? She And what does the lady describe? She And what does the lady describe? She describes a lady in Victorian era describes a lady in Victorian era describes a lady in Victorian era clothing, the same type of clothing and clothing, the same type of clothing and clothing, the same type of clothing and the same exact description of the lady the same exact description of the lady the same exact description of the lady that was standing at the end of Holly's that was standing at the end of Holly's that was standing at the end of Holly's bed in 1999 with the Victorian clothing. bed in 1999 with the Victorian clothing. bed in 1999 with the Victorian clothing. Remember that, guys? So, Holly then Remember that, guys? So, Holly then Remember that, guys? So, Holly then starts to recount all of these things starts to recount all of these things starts to recount all of these things that had happened to her. Like one time that had happened to her. Like one time that had happened to her. Like one time and multiple times actually, she would and multiple times actually, she would and multiple times actually, she would be laying in her bed, she would just be be laying in her bed, she would just be be laying in her bed, she would just be asleep and all of the sudden she would asleep and all of the sudden she would asleep and all of the sudden she would wake up and her arms would be completely wake up and her arms would be completely wake up and her arms would be completely above her head. So, her arms would be above her head. So, her arms would be above her head. So, her arms would be like this above her head and they had like this above her head and they had like this above her head and they had been there for so long that it actually been there for so long that it actually been there for so long that it actually made the blood flow in both of her arms made the blood flow in both of her arms made the blood flow in both of her arms just come completely down to her just come completely down to her just come completely down to her shoulders and she could feel it because shoulders and she could feel it because shoulders and she could feel it because there was a bunch of tingling and like there was a bunch of tingling and like there was a bunch of tingling and like numbness in her arms. And other times numbness in her arms. And other times numbness in her arms. And other times she would be having this dream and in she would be having this dream and in she would be having this dream and in this dream she would like wake up, you this dream she would like wake up, you this dream she would like wake up, you know how you like wake up in your know how you like wake up in your know how you like wake up in your dreams? Well, she would wake up in her dreams? Well, she would wake up in her dreams? Well, she would wake up in her dream and all of a sudden she would hear dream and all of a sudden she would hear dream and all of a sudden she would hear this knock knock knock, three knocks. this knock knock knock, three knocks. this knock knock knock, three knocks. This actually happened to Holly on This actually happened to Holly on This actually happened to Holly on multiple occasions where she would have multiple occasions where she would have multiple occasions where she would have this dream of these three knocks and it this dream of these three knocks and it this dream of these three knocks and it would always be three knocks. So, Holly would always be three knocks. So, Holly would always be three knocks. So, Holly looked up what three knocks meant and if looked up what three knocks meant and if looked up what three knocks meant and if you know anything about the Holy you know anything about the Holy you know anything about the Holy Trinity, you know that three of anything Trinity, you know that three of anything Trinity, you know that three of anything is actually mocking the Holy Trinity and is actually mocking the Holy Trinity and is actually mocking the Holy Trinity and she was having these dreams on multiple she was having these dreams on multiple she was having these dreams on multiple nights. But then her mom would have nights. But then her mom would have nights. But then her mom would have these experiences where she would wake these experiences where she would wake these experiences where she would wake up and all of the sudden she wouldn't be up and all of the sudden she wouldn't be up and all of the sudden she wouldn't be able to move. All of the sudden she able to move. All of the sudden she able to move. All of the sudden she would just hear growling in her ears. would just hear growling in her ears. would just hear growling in her ears. Like just growling right behind her ears Like just growling right behind her ears Like just growling right behind her ears and she could not move at all. And this and she could not move at all. And this and she could not move at all. And this happened on multiple occasions. I don't happened on multiple occasions. I don't happened on multiple occasions. I don't know, something is going on with this know, something is going on with this know, something is going on with this mother and the growling and I think it's mother and the growling and I think it's mother and the growling and I think it's probably cuz she's so close to the probably cuz she's so close to the probably cuz she's so close to the stepfather. That's just my thought on stepfather. That's just my thought on stepfather. That's just my thought on it. Her sister also started seeing these it. Her sister also started seeing these it. Her sister also started seeing these shadows like all over the place. She shadows like all over the place. She shadows like all over the place. She would see them in her closet, she would would see them in her closet, she would would see them in her closet, she would see them in her room. This really see them in her room. This really see them in her room. This really terrified the family because they're terrified the family because they're terrified the family because they're like, "What the hell is going on? And like, "What the hell is going on? And like, "What the hell is going on? And does this have everything to do with does this have everything to do with does this have everything to do with their stepfather?" And it turns out that their stepfather?" And it turns out that their stepfather?" And it turns out that it probably does. Now, unfort- Part three of the true scary story about Part three of the true scary story about Part three of the true scary story about Holly and the haunting that led to a Holly and the haunting that led to a Holly and the haunting that led to a possible possession which then in turn possible possession which then in turn possible possession which then in turn led to an unaliving. There is a huge led to an unaliving. There is a huge led to an unaliving. There is a huge trigger warning because there is trigger warning because there is trigger warning because there is possession, demons and possession, demons and possession, demons and And just side note, if you have a true And just side note, if you have a true And just side note, if you have a true scary story that you want to submit to scary story that you want to submit to scary story that you want to submit to me and you want me to tell on here, my me and you want me to tell on here, my me and you want me to tell on here, my email is in my bio. It is email is in my bio. It is email is in my bio. It is kaisasooky@gmail.com. kaisasooky@gmail.com. kaisasooky@gmail.com. So, let's jump right into it. So, Holly So, let's jump right into it. So, Holly So, let's jump right into it. So, Holly then after she talks to the medium and then after she talks to the medium and then after she talks to the medium and then the medium tells her and her family then the medium tells her and her family then the medium tells her and her family that something is wrong with her dad. that something is wrong with her dad. that something is wrong with her dad. She tells them that there is a dark She tells them that there is a dark She tells them that there is a dark spirit following around her dad and it spirit following around her dad and it spirit following around her dad and it is affecting the entire family. So, we is affecting the entire family. So, we is affecting the entire family. So, we are going to jump to 2013 and then go are going to jump to 2013 and then go are going to jump to 2013 and then go through to 2015. Unfortunately, during through to 2015. Unfortunately, during through to 2015. Unfortunately, during this time her parents' relationship this time her parents' relationship this time her parents' relationship starts to deteriorate again. It's starts to deteriorate again. It's starts to deteriorate again. It's apparent by this point that her parents apparent by this point that her parents apparent by this point that her parents are not going to be able to work things are not going to be able to work things are not going to be able to work things out. They're having fights, they're out. They're having fights, they're out. They're having fights, they're having small fights, explosive fights, having small fights, explosive fights, having small fights, explosive fights, like crazy fights. So, this next part is like crazy fights. So, this next part is like crazy fights. So, this next part is really weird because her father moves really weird because her father moves really weird because her father moves out and he is not poor by any means. He out and he is not poor by any means. He out and he is not poor by any means. He said that they were not rich, but he said that they were not rich, but he said that they were not rich, but he could definitely afford to provide a could definitely afford to provide a could definitely afford to provide a roof over his own head. But the crazy roof over his own head. But the crazy roof over his own head. But the crazy thing about this is he actually chooses thing about this is he actually chooses thing about this is he actually chooses not to do that. He is clearly in an not to do that. He is clearly in an not to do that. He is clearly in an incredibly unstable state of mind incredibly unstable state of mind incredibly unstable state of mind because he actually chooses to live in because he actually chooses to live in because he actually chooses to live in his truck and isolate himself from the his truck and isolate himself from the his truck and isolate himself from the rest of his family. Can't imagine the rest of his family. Can't imagine the rest of his family. Can't imagine the mental state that you have to be in to mental state that you have to be in to mental state that you have to be in to choose to live in your truck and isolate choose to live in your truck and isolate choose to live in your truck and isolate yourself from absolutely everybody. So, yourself from absolutely everybody. So, yourself from absolutely everybody. So, in January of 2021, her father talks to in January of 2021, her father talks to in January of 2021, her father talks to her little sister. He seems okay, she her little sister. He seems okay, she her little sister. He seems okay, she talks to him on the phone, he seems talks to him on the phone, he seems talks to him on the phone, he seems well, nothing really seems to be well, nothing really seems to be well, nothing really seems to be bothering him. But then 5 days later on bothering him. But then 5 days later on bothering him. But then 5 days later on January 17th of 2021, the police find January 17th of 2021, the police find January 17th of 2021, the police find something. They find her stepfather in something. They find her stepfather in something. They find her stepfather in his truck unalived, slumped over the his truck unalived, slumped over the his truck unalived, slumped over the seat. He had been unalived for a few seat. He had been unalived for a few seat. He had been unalived for a few days. The official cause of death on the days. The official cause of death on the days. The official cause of death on the death certificate was cardiomyopathy. He death certificate was cardiomyopathy. He death certificate was cardiomyopathy. He was only 54 years old. So, was only 54 years old. So, was only 54 years old. So, unfortunately, this entire family unfortunately, this entire family unfortunately, this entire family suffered an incredible loss. Not only suffered an incredible loss. Not only suffered an incredible loss. Not only that, but they couldn't help but feel that, but they couldn't help but feel that, but they couldn't help but feel like this dark entity had something to like this dark entity had something to like this dark entity had something to do with his passing. So, this poor do with his passing. So, this poor do with his passing. So, this poor family had to go to a 54-year-old's family had to go to a 54-year-old's family had to go to a 54-year-old's funeral. After Holly left the funeral, funeral. After Holly left the funeral, funeral. After Holly left the funeral, she goes home, she walks through her she goes home, she walks through her she goes home, she walks through her door and she smells something. She door and she smells something. She door and she smells something. She smells her stepfather's Old Spice smells her stepfather's Old Spice smells her stepfather's Old Spice cologne and then she notices something cologne and then she notices something cologne and then she notices something else. Her laundry door, it's popped else. Her laundry door, it's popped else. Her laundry door, it's popped open, but she hasn't been in her open, but she hasn't been in her open, but she hasn't been in her apartment for over a week. Nobody has. apartment for over a week. Nobody has. apartment for over a week. Nobody has. At this point in her life, At this point in her life, At this point in her life, unfortunately, Holly starts experiencing unfortunately, Holly starts experiencing unfortunately, Holly starts experiencing sleep paralysis and I mean talking like sleep paralysis and I mean talking like sleep paralysis and I mean talking like sleep paralysis for about a year. It sleep paralysis for about a year. It sleep paralysis for about a year. It would always be when she was lying on would always be when she was lying on would always be when she was lying on her back, normally is how it is, and she her back, normally is how it is, and she her back, normally is how it is, and she would distinctly feel something crawling would distinctly feel something crawling would distinctly feel something crawling on her bed. Just crawling on her bed. Just crawling on her bed. Just crawling like this, just on her bed. like this, just on her bed. like this, just on her bed. To get out of the sleep paralysis, she To get out of the sleep paralysis, she To get out of the sleep paralysis, she would just start reciting the Lord's would just start reciting the Lord's would just start reciting the Lord's Prayer over and over again in her head Prayer over and over again in her head Prayer over and over again in her head and it would actually work, it would go and it would actually work, it would go and it would actually work, it would go away. After about a year, she moves into away. After about a year, she moves into away. After about a year, she moves into her grandparents' house. So, she had her grandparents' house. So, she had her grandparents' house. So, she had actually moved out of her own apartment. actually moved out of her own apartment. actually moved out of her own apartment. At her grandparents' house, the sleep At her grandparents' house, the sleep At her grandparents' house, the sleep paralysis stops and so does any paralysis stops and so does any paralysis stops and so does any paranormal activity whatsoever. Now, you paranormal activity whatsoever. Now, you paranormal activity whatsoever. Now, you may be wondering why why is it always at may be wondering why why is it always at may be wondering why why is it always at her grandparents' house that everything her grandparents' house that everything her grandparents' house that everything always stops? And Holly thinks it's always stops? And Holly thinks it's always stops? And Holly thinks it's because her grandparents' house is because her grandparents' house is because her grandparents' house is regularly prayed over, like the entire regularly prayed over, like the entire regularly prayed over, like the entire house. She knows and believes that God house. She knows and believes that God house. She knows and believes that God protects them there because of the protects them there because of the protects them there because of the prayers and because of their belief in prayers and because of their belief in prayers and because of their belief in God. At the end of the day, Holly cannot God. At the end of the day, Holly cannot God. At the end of the day, Holly cannot get over the fact that her father had get over the fact that her father had get over the fact that her father had over something that was so sinister. She over something that was so sinister. She over something that was so sinister. She truly believed that all of the truly believed that all of the truly believed that all of the deterioration, all all of the mental deterioration, all all of the mental deterioration, all all of the mental downfall that he experienced was downfall that he experienced was downfall that he experienced was definitely because of this dark spirit definitely because of this dark spirit definitely because of this dark spirit that was following him. It's truly scary that was following him. It's truly scary that was following him. It's truly scary to believe that if you are not protected to believe that if you are not protected to believe that if you are not protected enough that you could possibly be enough that you could possibly be enough that you could possibly be unalived by something that we can't even unalived by something that we can't even unalived by something that we can't even touch or feel. Like what do you scary, touch or feel. Like what do you scary, touch or feel. Like what do you scary, it's chilling. So, you guys protect it's chilling. So, you guys protect it's chilling. So, you guys protect yourself at all costs. Pray every day, yourself at all costs. Pray every day, yourself at all costs. Pray every day, recite the Lord's Prayer if you're recite the Lord's Prayer if you're recite the Lord's Prayer if you're scared and try to keep God in your life. I'm most definitely not trying to throw I'm most definitely not trying to throw I'm most definitely not trying to throw religion down your throat because I am religion down your throat because I am religion down your throat because I am not religious, I'm just a spiritual not religious, I'm just a spiritual not religious, I'm just a spiritual person. But I do believe that protecting person. But I do believe that protecting person. But I do believe that protecting yourself spiritually is absolutely yourself spiritually is absolutely yourself spiritually is absolutely necessary. Y'all ready for another creepy ass story Y'all ready for another creepy ass story Y'all ready for another creepy ass story time? time? time? This is the night where the devil This is the night where the devil This is the night where the devil decided to pay a little club a visit. decided to pay a little club a visit. decided to pay a little club a visit. And sadly, this is the last time, the And sadly, this is the last time, the And sadly, this is the last time, the last night I ever saw my friend. last night I ever saw my friend. last night I ever saw my friend. This takes place in Los Angeles, This takes place in Los Angeles, This takes place in Los Angeles, California. I'm 19 years old. I've been California. I'm 19 years old. I've been California. I'm 19 years old. I've been dancing for about a year at this point. dancing for about a year at this point. dancing for about a year at this point. And I've got one really good girlfriend. And I've got one really good girlfriend. And I've got one really good girlfriend. This is before I met Carmen. Her name is This is before I met Carmen. Her name is This is before I met Carmen. Her name is Arantxa. And that is her real stage Arantxa. And that is her real stage Arantxa. And that is her real stage name. name. name. So, I have to give you a quick rundown So, I have to give you a quick rundown So, I have to give you a quick rundown first about Arantxa. first about Arantxa. first about Arantxa. Arantxa is from Brazil. She is a Arantxa is from Brazil. She is a Arantxa is from Brazil. She is a widower, lost her husband in a tragic widower, lost her husband in a tragic widower, lost her husband in a tragic car accident. She's got two kids that car accident. She's got two kids that car accident. She's got two kids that are in Brazil and she's got two sets of are in Brazil and she's got two sets of are in Brazil and she's got two sets of grandparents to take care of. She's got grandparents to take care of. She's got grandparents to take care of. She's got to take care of her parents and her to take care of her parents and her to take care of her parents and her husband's parents, right? So, all husband's parents, right? So, all husband's parents, right? So, all financial responsibility falls on financial responsibility falls on financial responsibility falls on Adanza. That is why she was here in the Adanza. That is why she was here in the Adanza. That is why she was here in the US dancing. Now, Adanza is very US dancing. Now, Adanza is very US dancing. Now, Adanza is very religious. I know, don't don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] religious. I know, don't don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] religious. I know, don't don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] say nothing. Just cuz we're dancers say nothing. Just cuz we're dancers say nothing. Just cuz we're dancers doesn't mean we don't love Jesus. I met doesn't mean we don't love Jesus. I met doesn't mean we don't love Jesus. I met her two months into dancing, so like 10 her two months into dancing, so like 10 her two months into dancing, so like 10 months total, right? She went to church months total, right? She went to church months total, right? She went to church every Sunday, didn't swear, didn't every Sunday, didn't swear, didn't every Sunday, didn't swear, didn't drink. I She didn't have a mean bone in drink. I She didn't have a mean bone in drink. I She didn't have a mean bone in her body. Like very like very nice girl. her body. Like very like very nice girl. her body. Like very like very nice girl. And she always expressed guilt for being And she always expressed guilt for being And she always expressed guilt for being a dancer, you know what I mean? Like she a dancer, you know what I mean? Like she a dancer, you know what I mean? Like she was really really ashamed of it, but she was really really ashamed of it, but she was really really ashamed of it, but she felt trapped, like she couldn't do felt trapped, like she couldn't do felt trapped, like she couldn't do anything else. And she had a whole anything else. And she had a whole anything else. And she had a whole family to take care of in Brazil that family to take care of in Brazil that family to take care of in Brazil that were depending on her. A 9-to-5 which were depending on her. A 9-to-5 which were depending on her. A 9-to-5 which just wasn't going to cut it. She still just wasn't going to cut it. She still just wasn't going to cut it. She still had to take care of herself and pay her had to take care of herself and pay her had to take care of herself and pay her own bills, too. So, one night me and own bills, too. So, one night me and own bills, too. So, one night me and Adanza are at the club and this Adanza are at the club and this Adanza are at the club and this particular night it is popping the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] particular night it is popping the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] particular night it is popping the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off and I don't mean in a good way. This off and I don't mean in a good way. This off and I don't mean in a good way. This particular club was very small and like particular club was very small and like particular club was very small and like very chill. I never saw like girls very chill. I never saw like girls very chill. I never saw like girls fighting or customers fighting, nothing fighting or customers fighting, nothing fighting or customers fighting, nothing like that. It was super super super like that. It was super super super like that. It was super super super chill. So, drama there was like rare. chill. So, drama there was like rare. chill. So, drama there was like rare. There were a total of three fights. One There were a total of three fights. One There were a total of three fights. One between girls in the back and two between girls in the back and two between girls in the back and two between like customers. And these were between like customers. And these were between like customers. And these were all separate like little fights. I'm all separate like little fights. I'm all separate like little fights. I'm talking this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up to like a full moon talking this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up to like a full moon talking this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up to like a full moon like the you know, the lunar cycle or like the you know, the lunar cycle or like the you know, the lunar cycle or some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] All of these fights happened some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] All of these fights happened some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] All of these fights happened within like a span of 1 hour. Then in within like a span of 1 hour. Then in within like a span of 1 hour. Then in comes this man and this is the most comes this man and this is the most comes this man and this is the most beautiful man I've ever seen in my beautiful man I've ever seen in my beautiful man I've ever seen in my entire life, still to this day. And I I entire life, still to this day. And I I entire life, still to this day. And I I remember his face very well. He was very remember his face very well. He was very remember his face very well. He was very devilishly handsome and I use that word devilishly handsome and I use that word devilishly handsome and I use that word on purpose because on purpose because on purpose because that's kind of what he what you would that's kind of what he what you would that's kind of what he what you would imagine the devil looking like. He had imagine the devil looking like. He had imagine the devil looking like. He had very sharp features, a very sharp very sharp features, a very sharp very sharp features, a very sharp jawline, a sharp nose. You know, you jawline, a sharp nose. You know, you jawline, a sharp nose. You know, you know what I mean? Beautiful know what I mean? Beautiful know what I mean? Beautiful jawlines like just he was he was fine. jawlines like just he was he was fine. jawlines like just he was he was fine. He was fine. He walks in, grabs his He was fine. He walks in, grabs his He was fine. He walks in, grabs his drink, sits down. All the girls come up drink, sits down. All the girls come up drink, sits down. All the girls come up to him one by one trying to small talk to him one by one trying to small talk to him one by one trying to small talk with him, trying to ask him for a dance with him, trying to ask him for a dance with him, trying to ask him for a dance and they just get up and walk away. He's and they just get up and walk away. He's and they just get up and walk away. He's not interested. And I can hear the girls not interested. And I can hear the girls not interested. And I can hear the girls sitting next to me that had already sitting next to me that had already sitting next to me that had already walked up and talked to him. I can walked up and talked to him. I can walked up and talked to him. I can overhear them them saying like that guy overhear them them saying like that guy overhear them them saying like that guy was creepy. He's like he's just a was creepy. He's like he's just a was creepy. He's like he's just a creeper. I can't ask them anything creeper. I can't ask them anything creeper. I can't ask them anything though because I'm sitting down with my though because I'm sitting down with my though because I'm sitting down with my regular, I'm having a conversation. I regular, I'm having a conversation. I regular, I'm having a conversation. I don't want to be rude. Everyone has don't want to be rude. Everyone has don't want to be rude. Everyone has approached him except Adanza. Adanza is approached him except Adanza. Adanza is approached him except Adanza. Adanza is standing at the bar. standing at the bar. standing at the bar. But I notice cuz I'm like I'm He's fine But I notice cuz I'm like I'm He's fine But I notice cuz I'm like I'm He's fine as hell. I'm staring at him cuz I'm as hell. I'm staring at him cuz I'm as hell. I'm staring at him cuz I'm after I'm done with this regular, I'm after I'm done with this regular, I'm after I'm done with this regular, I'm I'm I'm walking my ass over there. I I'm I'm walking my ass over there. I I'm I'm walking my ass over there. I noticed though I clocked that he is noticed though I clocked that he is noticed though I clocked that he is staring at Adanza. So, after I'm done staring at Adanza. So, after I'm done staring at Adanza. So, after I'm done talking with my regular, I walk up to talking with my regular, I walk up to talking with my regular, I walk up to Adanza and I'm like, "Girl, that fine Adanza and I'm like, "Girl, that fine Adanza and I'm like, "Girl, that fine ass [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is staring at you. Go ass [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is staring at you. Go ass [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is staring at you. Go over there and make your money." And over there and make your money." And over there and make your money." And she's like, "I don't know, man. All the she's like, "I don't know, man. All the she's like, "I don't know, man. All the girls are saying he's kind of creepy." girls are saying he's kind of creepy." girls are saying he's kind of creepy." And I'm like, "Bitch, do you know where And I'm like, "Bitch, do you know where And I'm like, "Bitch, do you know where the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you are at right now? This is a the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you are at right now? This is a the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you are at right now? This is a nudie bar. All the guys are here are nudie bar. All the guys are here are nudie bar. All the guys are here are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] creepy. Quit being a baby." [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] creepy. Quit being a baby." [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] creepy. Quit being a baby." I wish I never did that. I wish I never did that. I wish I never did that. Another one of my regulars come in, so Another one of my regulars come in, so Another one of my regulars come in, so we get to talking. While we're talking, we get to talking. While we're talking, we get to talking. While we're talking, I notice that that man got up and is I notice that that man got up and is I notice that that man got up and is walking toward Adanza. They're standing walking toward Adanza. They're standing walking toward Adanza. They're standing at the bar and they're talking. They at the bar and they're talking. They at the bar and they're talking. They went back and forth for about 5 minutes, went back and forth for about 5 minutes, went back and forth for about 5 minutes, I'd say. I see them head toward the VIP I'd say. I see them head toward the VIP I'd say. I see them head toward the VIP section. The VIP section is separate section. The VIP section is separate section. The VIP section is separate from like just the regular dances, from like just the regular dances, from like just the regular dances, right? The VIP section, you're going to right? The VIP section, you're going to right? The VIP section, you're going to be in there for at least 20 minutes. 5 be in there for at least 20 minutes. 5 be in there for at least 20 minutes. 5 minutes later, I don't even think it was minutes later, I don't even think it was minutes later, I don't even think it was 5 minutes, that man comes strolling out 5 minutes, that man comes strolling out 5 minutes, that man comes strolling out of the VIP. When he strolls out of the of the VIP. When he strolls out of the of the VIP. When he strolls out of the VIP, this man gives me a smile that I VIP, this man gives me a smile that I VIP, this man gives me a smile that I will never will never will never a smile I will never forget. Look, I got a smile I will never forget. Look, I got a smile I will never forget. Look, I got the chills. I got the chills. I will the chills. I got the chills. I will the chills. I got the chills. I will never forget the smile. His smile looks never forget the smile. His smile looks never forget the smile. His smile looks like a shark. like a shark. like a shark. That's the only way I can describe it. That's the only way I can describe it. That's the only way I can describe it. You know that shark Bruce from Finding You know that shark Bruce from Finding You know that shark Bruce from Finding Nemo? Nemo? Nemo? That's what that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] man looked That's what that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] man looked That's what that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] man looked like. That was that smile he gave me. like. That was that smile he gave me. like. That was that smile he gave me. Instantly my stomach is in my ass. I Instantly my stomach is in my ass. I Instantly my stomach is in my ass. I feel like throwing up. I race back there feel like throwing up. I race back there feel like throwing up. I race back there because I know something is wrong. I'm because I know something is wrong. I'm because I know something is wrong. I'm thinking something happened. They should thinking something happened. They should thinking something happened. They should have been back there for at least 20 have been back there for at least 20 have been back there for at least 20 minutes. I'm thinking he SA'd her or minutes. I'm thinking he SA'd her or minutes. I'm thinking he SA'd her or like physically assaulted So, I don't like physically assaulted So, I don't like physically assaulted So, I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know. I'm I'm I'm thinking he [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know. I'm I'm I'm thinking he [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know. I'm I'm I'm thinking he hurt her. I kicked my heels off and hurt her. I kicked my heels off and hurt her. I kicked my heels off and everything and booked it back there cuz everything and booked it back there cuz everything and booked it back there cuz I wanted to get back there as fast as I wanted to get back there as fast as I wanted to get back there as fast as possible so he wouldn't get away just in possible so he wouldn't get away just in possible so he wouldn't get away just in case he did something crazy to her. So, case he did something crazy to her. So, case he did something crazy to her. So, I get back there and she's sitting in I get back there and she's sitting in I get back there and she's sitting in the booth, right? I'm looking at her and the booth, right? I'm looking at her and the booth, right? I'm looking at her and she's like catatonic catatonic catatonic she's like catatonic catatonic catatonic she's like catatonic catatonic catatonic catatonic catatonic catatonic [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I mean. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I mean. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I mean. She's stuck. She's just stuck. She's got She's stuck. She's just stuck. She's got She's stuck. She's just stuck. She's got like the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thousand-yard stare. like the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thousand-yard stare. like the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thousand-yard stare. She's like looking past me. She won't She's like looking past me. She won't She's like looking past me. She won't talk to me. She won't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] say talk to me. She won't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] say talk to me. She won't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] say anything. I'm scared. I'm like anything. I'm scared. I'm like anything. I'm scared. I'm like Stop being a chick and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm doing Stop being a chick and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm doing Stop being a chick and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm doing that for like 5 [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] minutes. I'm that for like 5 [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] minutes. I'm that for like 5 [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] minutes. I'm examining her body. I don't see any examining her body. I don't see any examining her body. I don't see any signs of assault. Like I don't I don't signs of assault. Like I don't I don't signs of assault. Like I don't I don't see any injuries. I don't see her like see any injuries. I don't see her like see any injuries. I don't see her like bikini ripped or nothing like that. So, bikini ripped or nothing like that. So, bikini ripped or nothing like that. So, I'm like, "What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] happened?" She I'm like, "What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] happened?" She I'm like, "What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] happened?" She [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] snaps out of this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right? [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] snaps out of this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right? [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] snaps out of this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right? And she just pushes me. She pushes the And she just pushes me. She pushes the And she just pushes me. She pushes the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of me and I fall over. I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of me and I fall over. I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of me and I fall over. I'm like, "Bitch like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what the fuck?" like, "Bitch like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what the fuck?" like, "Bitch like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what the fuck?" She takes jumps up and takes off running She takes jumps up and takes off running She takes jumps up and takes off running to the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dressing room. By the to the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dressing room. By the to the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dressing room. By the time I get my ass up and take my ass to time I get my ass up and take my ass to time I get my ass up and take my ass to the dressing room to see what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the dressing room to see what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the dressing room to see what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is going on, this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] damn near is going on, this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] damn near is going on, this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] damn near tackles me like on her [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] way out. tackles me like on her [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] way out. tackles me like on her [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] way out. But I stop her. I block the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But I stop her. I block the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But I stop her. I block the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] door. Her panic is making me panic. I door. Her panic is making me panic. I door. Her panic is making me panic. I want to know why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we are want to know why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we are want to know why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we are panicking. And should I be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] panicking. And should I be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] panicking. And should I be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] leaving, too? Did he threaten to shoot leaving, too? Did he threaten to shoot leaving, too? Did he threaten to shoot this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up? Tell me what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up? Tell me what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up? Tell me what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] This lady looks me dead in my eyes This lady looks me dead in my eyes This lady looks me dead in my eyes and tells me and tells me and tells me and I quote and I quote and I quote "I saw hellfire "I saw hellfire "I saw hellfire in his eyes in his eyes in his eyes and we need to repent." You saw what? You saw what? You saw what? She pushes past me and leaves in the She pushes past me and leaves in the She pushes past me and leaves in the middle of her shift. Now, I'm stuck middle of her shift. Now, I'm stuck middle of her shift. Now, I'm stuck like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] deer headlights. like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] deer headlights. like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] deer headlights. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do you do with that? What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do you do with that? What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do you do with that? I finish my shift. For the next 3 days, I finish my shift. For the next 3 days, I finish my shift. For the next 3 days, I'm calling her. I'm going straight to I'm calling her. I'm going straight to I'm calling her. I'm going straight to voicemail. I'm texting her. No response. voicemail. I'm texting her. No response. voicemail. I'm texting her. No response. On the fourth day, I go to her On the fourth day, I go to her On the fourth day, I go to her apartment. I've been there a million apartment. I've been there a million apartment. I've been there a million times. We were friends. I get to the times. We were friends. I get to the times. We were friends. I get to the apartment. I'm knocking at the door. I apartment. I'm knocking at the door. I apartment. I'm knocking at the door. I peer through her window cuz I want to peer through her window cuz I want to peer through her window cuz I want to know if she's like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hiding from know if she's like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hiding from know if she's like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hiding from me or something. And my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] heart me or something. And my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] heart me or something. And my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] heart sinks. Everything is there like normal sinks. Everything is there like normal sinks. Everything is there like normal except her pictures. She had pictures of except her pictures. She had pictures of except her pictures. She had pictures of her family all over the walls. And when her family all over the walls. And when her family all over the walls. And when I saw that they were missing, I I knew I saw that they were missing, I I knew I saw that they were missing, I I knew she was gone. It looks like she left she was gone. It looks like she left she was gone. It looks like she left everything and she had some really nice everything and she had some really nice everything and she had some really nice [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in there. I knock on the neighbor's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in there. I knock on the neighbor's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in there. I knock on the neighbor's friend cuz we were cool with him. We had friend cuz we were cool with him. We had friend cuz we were cool with him. We had hung out with him a few times, right? I hung out with him a few times, right? I hung out with him a few times, right? I knock on his knock on his knock on his that she absolutely loved more than life that she absolutely loved more than life that she absolutely loved more than life itself. I ask him. I'm like, "Have you itself. I ask him. I'm like, "Have you itself. I ask him. I'm like, "Have you seen Adanza? Like do you know anything seen Adanza? Like do you know anything seen Adanza? Like do you know anything what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is going on?" He's like, what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is going on?" He's like, what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is going on?" He's like, "Yeah, she came over here a couple "Yeah, she came over here a couple "Yeah, she came over here a couple nights ago asked me if I could take if if I wanted asked me if I could take if if I wanted asked me if I could take if if I wanted the dog. She had to go home to Brazil." the dog. She had to go home to Brazil." the dog. She had to go home to Brazil." And I'm like And I'm like And I'm like "What?" I was both "What?" I was both "What?" I was both stunned stunned stunned I was sad. I lost my friend. But also I was sad. I lost my friend. But also I was sad. I lost my friend. But also like terrified because I knew she like terrified because I knew she like terrified because I knew she [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] saw something to have been so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] saw something to have been so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] saw something to have been so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] scared to just up and leave like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] scared to just up and leave like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] scared to just up and leave like that. You leave the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] country like that. You leave the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] country like that. You leave the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] country like "What did you see?" I know she saw the "What did you see?" I know she saw the "What did you see?" I know she saw the devil. I know he was a devil or a devil devil. I know he was a devil or a devil devil. I know he was a devil or a devil or demon. or demon. or demon. He was something. He was something He was something. He was something He was something. He was something [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] scary. And I believe [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] scary. And I believe [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] scary. And I believe wholeheartedly that that night the veil wholeheartedly that that night the veil wholeheartedly that that night the veil was like super thin. And him like all was like super thin. And him like all was like super thin. And him like all those fights breaking out right before those fights breaking out right before those fights breaking out right before he comes, you know what I'm saying? Like he comes, you know what I'm saying? Like he comes, you know what I'm saying? Like that energy, that chaos that the devil that energy, that chaos that the devil that energy, that chaos that the devil brings or that demons bring, like that's brings or that demons bring, like that's brings or that demons bring, like that's what that was. That was like kind of his what that was. That was like kind of his what that was. That was like kind of his his announcement. Because after he left, his announcement. Because after he left, his announcement. Because after he left, I finished my shift. The shift peaceful. I finished my shift. The shift peaceful. I finished my shift. The shift peaceful. Nothing popped off. Only right before he Nothing popped off. Only right before he Nothing popped off. Only right before he came. I think he was there with a came. I think he was there with a came. I think he was there with a mission. I think he was there mission. I think he was there mission. I think he was there specifically for Adanza. And I hope this specifically for Adanza. And I hope this specifically for Adanza. And I hope this video someway, somehow makes it to video someway, somehow makes it to video someway, somehow makes it to Brazil. Adanza, if you see this, I miss Brazil. Adanza, if you see this, I miss Brazil. Adanza, if you see this, I miss you. Just let me know you're okay, girl. you. Just let me know you're okay, girl. you. Just let me know you're okay, girl. What happened? This is my story time on why I believe This is my story time on why I believe This is my story time on why I believe in kala jadu. Now, I'm not going to put in kala jadu. Now, I'm not going to put in kala jadu. Now, I'm not going to put in every single detail. That's because in every single detail. That's because in every single detail. That's because you know, you don't need to put that all you know, you don't need to put that all you know, you don't need to put that all in the air. I'm just going to kind of in the air. I'm just going to kind of in the air. I'm just going to kind of tell you guys my experience. So, when I tell you guys my experience. So, when I tell you guys my experience. So, when I was little was little was little well, not so little um kind of like well, not so little um kind of like well, not so little um kind of like preteen or whatever. I was a rebel. But preteen or whatever. I was a rebel. But preteen or whatever. I was a rebel. But there was someone um around and she was there was someone um around and she was there was someone um around and she was evil. Her presence was evil. She did evil. Her presence was evil. She did evil. Her presence was evil. She did pujas that pujas that pujas that were just were just were just backwards. It wasn't regular normal backwards. It wasn't regular normal backwards. It wasn't regular normal pujas. And every time I was forced to pujas. And every time I was forced to pujas. And every time I was forced to participate in these pujas, I felt very participate in these pujas, I felt very participate in these pujas, I felt very offsetting. I felt uncomfortable. I felt offsetting. I felt uncomfortable. I felt offsetting. I felt uncomfortable. I felt very anxious and I didn't have anxiety very anxious and I didn't have anxiety very anxious and I didn't have anxiety back then. I always felt like my heart back then. I always felt like my heart back then. I always felt like my heart was like sinking to my stomach while I'm was like sinking to my stomach while I'm was like sinking to my stomach while I'm sitting there listening to what's going sitting there listening to what's going sitting there listening to what's going on. I didn't feel welcome at all. And on. I didn't feel welcome at all. And on. I didn't feel welcome at all. And one time a bird flew into the window one time a bird flew into the window one time a bird flew into the window during the puja. Straight up just during the puja. Straight up just during the puja. Straight up just and fell. and fell. and fell. And when that happened, the lady who I'm And when that happened, the lady who I'm And when that happened, the lady who I'm speaking of um was like, "Oh, they're speaking of um was like, "Oh, they're speaking of um was like, "Oh, they're they're communicating with us." And that they're communicating with us." And that they're communicating with us." And that scared the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of me. And I scared the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of me. And I scared the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of me. And I remember I used to walk to school and remember I used to walk to school and remember I used to walk to school and whatnot and I would have crows following whatnot and I would have crows following whatnot and I would have crows following me. I know this sounds crazy, but just me. I know this sounds crazy, but just me. I know this sounds crazy, but just listen. I would have a crow follow me to listen. I would have a crow follow me to listen. I would have a crow follow me to the to the bus station the to the bus station the to the bus station um and then I would stop and then that um and then I would stop and then that um and then I would stop and then that crow would be there. And it's not like, crow would be there. And it's not like, crow would be there. And it's not like, "Oh yeah, I know the exact texture of "Oh yeah, I know the exact texture of "Oh yeah, I know the exact texture of this crow or whatever." I just felt it. this crow or whatever." I just felt it. this crow or whatever." I just felt it. Once again, this might sound crazy, but Once again, this might sound crazy, but Once again, this might sound crazy, but trust me when you know, you know. Crows trust me when you know, you know. Crows trust me when you know, you know. Crows for some reason were always around me. I for some reason were always around me. I for some reason were always around me. I felt like I was being watched 24/7 and I felt like I was being watched 24/7 and I felt like I was being watched 24/7 and I felt very uncomforting. It literally felt very uncomforting. It literally felt very uncomforting. It literally felt like someone was watching me felt like someone was watching me felt like someone was watching me through the crow eyes. As if I was being through the crow eyes. As if I was being through the crow eyes. As if I was being stalked, as if they wanted to know what stalked, as if they wanted to know what stalked, as if they wanted to know what I was doing, who I'm with, what I'm I was doing, who I'm with, what I'm I was doing, who I'm with, what I'm talking about. That gut feeling is not talking about. That gut feeling is not talking about. That gut feeling is not good. Like I I always felt paranoid. good. Like I I always felt paranoid. good. Like I I always felt paranoid. When I would leave school, I would look When I would leave school, I would look When I would leave school, I would look around for these crows and I would around for these crows and I would around for these crows and I would always see them. When I'm walking, they always see them. When I'm walking, they always see them. When I'm walking, they would hop pole to pole, you know, would hop pole to pole, you know, would hop pole to pole, you know, following me. They would watch me enter following me. They would watch me enter following me. They would watch me enter the house, exit the house. They were the house, exit the house. They were the house, exit the house. They were always around where I was. And the next always around where I was. And the next always around where I was. And the next time we did the puja, and I'm putting time we did the puja, and I'm putting time we did the puja, and I'm putting quotes because it isn't puja. It is quotes because it isn't puja. It is quotes because it isn't puja. It is literally witchcraft. But anyways, the literally witchcraft. But anyways, the literally witchcraft. But anyways, the next time we did the witchcraft or puja, next time we did the witchcraft or puja, next time we did the witchcraft or puja, whatever, um the kala jadu, whatever, um the kala jadu, whatever, um the kala jadu, um um um the person she looked at me and she told the person she looked at me and she told the person she looked at me and she told me that I've been watching you. I know me that I've been watching you. I know me that I've been watching you. I know exactly what you're been you've been exactly what you're been you've been exactly what you're been you've been doing. I don't like the people that doing. I don't like the people that doing. I don't like the people that you're hanging out with. And it's weird you're hanging out with. And it's weird you're hanging out with. And it's weird because she she'd be at work the whole because she she'd be at work the whole because she she'd be at work the whole time. time. time. Like she's not around. She would work Like she's not around. She would work Like she's not around. She would work pretty far from where I would be pretty far from where I would be pretty far from where I would be physically. And she would kind of physically. And she would kind of physically. And she would kind of pretend to be like summoned by pretend to be like summoned by pretend to be like summoned by something. Like it wasn't her talking to something. Like it wasn't her talking to something. Like it wasn't her talking to me. She would like literally start me. She would like literally start me. She would like literally start twitching and then twitching and then twitching and then pretend or, you know, something had came pretend or, you know, something had came pretend or, you know, something had came into her physical body. She would speak into her physical body. She would speak into her physical body. She would speak in Itaukei, like Fijian. It wasn't in Itaukei, like Fijian. It wasn't in Itaukei, like Fijian. It wasn't Hindi, it wasn't Fiji Hindi, it was Hindi, it wasn't Fiji Hindi, it was Hindi, it wasn't Fiji Hindi, it was Fijian, like Itaukei. And every time she Fijian, like Itaukei. And every time she Fijian, like Itaukei. And every time she did that, I just felt so uneasy. I did did that, I just felt so uneasy. I did did that, I just felt so uneasy. I did not want to be there. It kind of felt not want to be there. It kind of felt not want to be there. It kind of felt like a ritual. And she would touch my like a ritual. And she would touch my like a ritual. And she would touch my hair. It was just Oh my god. Ugh. Ever hair. It was just Oh my god. Ugh. Ever hair. It was just Oh my god. Ugh. Ever since I disconnected myself from these since I disconnected myself from these since I disconnected myself from these people, people, people, I haven't had like the amount of crows I haven't had like the amount of crows I haven't had like the amount of crows that I used to see, I barely see crows. that I used to see, I barely see crows. that I used to see, I barely see crows. I do not feel anxious. I don't have I do not feel anxious. I don't have I do not feel anxious. I don't have these problems that I used to. It's these problems that I used to. It's these problems that I used to. It's almost like my personality was being almost like my personality was being almost like my personality was being drained at the time. Like I I didn't drained at the time. Like I I didn't drained at the time. Like I I didn't know who I was. I felt like I was being know who I was. I felt like I was being know who I was. I felt like I was being watched all the time, whether I'm watched all the time, whether I'm watched all the time, whether I'm sleeping, whether I'm up, whether like sleeping, whether I'm up, whether like sleeping, whether I'm up, whether like whatever it was. And I would tell my whatever it was. And I would tell my whatever it was. And I would tell my grandma about it. I'd tell my Aji about grandma about it. I'd tell my Aji about grandma about it. I'd tell my Aji about it. And she would be like, "Yeah, it's it. And she would be like, "Yeah, it's it. And she would be like, "Yeah, it's trust me. Like we've been knowing this." trust me. Like we've been knowing this." trust me. Like we've been knowing this." Anyways, I can't get too much into Anyways, I can't get too much into Anyways, I can't get too much into detail, but years later is when her true detail, but years later is when her true detail, but years later is when her true colors got exposed. And people refused colors got exposed. And people refused colors got exposed. And people refused to have her in their homes. People to have her in their homes. People to have her in their homes. People refused to have communication with her. refused to have communication with her. refused to have communication with her. She is now balding. If you're an evil She is now balding. If you're an evil She is now balding. If you're an evil person, it will catch up to you person, it will catch up to you person, it will catch up to you physically. Now, she always had, you physically. Now, she always had, you physically. Now, she always had, you know, know, know, bad thoughts regarding me and my mother. bad thoughts regarding me and my mother. bad thoughts regarding me and my mother. She wanted me and my mother to have a She wanted me and my mother to have a She wanted me and my mother to have a downfall. She prayed the worst for us. downfall. She prayed the worst for us. downfall. She prayed the worst for us. And I would have nightmares and And I would have nightmares and And I would have nightmares and it felt so real. It wasn't even like a it felt so real. It wasn't even like a it felt so real. It wasn't even like a dream. It was kind of like a vision dream. It was kind of like a vision dream. It was kind of like a vision almost, like a manifestation almost when almost, like a manifestation almost when almost, like a manifestation almost when I just have my eyes closed of her doing I just have my eyes closed of her doing I just have my eyes closed of her doing things at a different location and things at a different location and things at a different location and sending those, you know, sending those, you know, sending those, you know, prayers to people. Like as if she's a prayers to people. Like as if she's a prayers to people. Like as if she's a witch trying to target people through um witch trying to target people through um witch trying to target people through um evil spirits. And this is just like you evil spirits. And this is just like you evil spirits. And this is just like you always have to trust your gut. Like I always have to trust your gut. Like I always have to trust your gut. Like I I was forced to be a part of this. I I was forced to be a part of this. I I was forced to be a part of this. I wasn't willingly wanting to. And I am so wasn't willingly wanting to. And I am so wasn't willingly wanting to. And I am so glad that I am as far as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] as I can glad that I am as far as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] as I can glad that I am as far as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] as I can be from these people cuz I promise you I be from these people cuz I promise you I be from these people cuz I promise you I wouldn't be the same person I am today wouldn't be the same person I am today wouldn't be the same person I am today if I stuck around. I am a very spiritual if I stuck around. I am a very spiritual if I stuck around. I am a very spiritual person. I am Hindu or a Sanatani. I do person. I am Hindu or a Sanatani. I do person. I am Hindu or a Sanatani. I do my pujas, you know, and I know what I'm my pujas, you know, and I know what I'm my pujas, you know, and I know what I'm talking about. I know things ins and talking about. I know things ins and talking about. I know things ins and outs. I know how backward people can be. outs. I know how backward people can be. outs. I know how backward people can be. I know that you have to protect I know that you have to protect I know that you have to protect yourself, your spiritual self, as well. yourself, your spiritual self, as well. yourself, your spiritual self, as well. A lot of people don't believe in energy, A lot of people don't believe in energy, A lot of people don't believe in energy, but um it's very real. And once you but um it's very real. And once you but um it's very real. And once you start to acknowledge it, start to acknowledge it, start to acknowledge it, it's going to always be there. Anyways, it's going to always be there. Anyways, it's going to always be there. Anyways, um that's just my little story time. I um that's just my little story time. I um that's just my little story time. I know it's a little long, but I just know it's a little long, but I just know it's a little long, but I just uh I'm like sweating right now just uh I'm like sweating right now just uh I'm like sweating right now just talking about it because I feel very talking about it because I feel very talking about it because I feel very uncomfortable. If you feel like uncomfortable. If you feel like uncomfortable. If you feel like something is wrong um during a puja or, something is wrong um during a puja or, something is wrong um during a puja or, you know, anything that's going on, if you know, anything that's going on, if you know, anything that's going on, if you feel that it is not right, don't you feel that it is not right, don't you feel that it is not right, don't participate in it. Things can be labeled participate in it. Things can be labeled participate in it. Things can be labeled as a puja, but in reality it is not. as a puja, but in reality it is not. as a puja, but in reality it is not. People like that are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] evil and People like that are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] evil and People like that are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] evil and you need to be away from those people. Story time about how a warlock Story time about how a warlock Story time about how a warlock did witchcraft on me and had me bound to did witchcraft on me and had me bound to did witchcraft on me and had me bound to him for 3 years. I couldn't move on. him for 3 years. I couldn't move on. him for 3 years. I couldn't move on. Um and it ruined my life and it and the Um and it ruined my life and it and the Um and it ruined my life and it and the spell that he did almost killed me. Like spell that he did almost killed me. Like spell that he did almost killed me. Like to hear it? Here it goes. to hear it? Here it goes. to hear it? Here it goes. So, I woke up the other morning and God So, I woke up the other morning and God So, I woke up the other morning and God just kept saying tell your story. I just kept saying tell your story. I just kept saying tell your story. I didn't tell this story for a long time didn't tell this story for a long time didn't tell this story for a long time because one, I was very scared because I because one, I was very scared because I because one, I was very scared because I didn't know and two, didn't know and two, didn't know and two, it's crazy. And it's like it's crazy. And it's like it's crazy. And it's like I didn't want the backlash because I'm I didn't want the backlash because I'm I didn't want the backlash because I'm like, I don't even know that this is not like, I don't even know that this is not like, I don't even know that this is not real. It's no way. I didn't even know it real. It's no way. I didn't even know it real. It's no way. I didn't even know it was a spell. I didn't know what was was a spell. I didn't know what was was a spell. I didn't know what was going on. going on. going on. Of course, now being on social media Of course, now being on social media Of course, now being on social media more and seeing that so many people are more and seeing that so many people are more and seeing that so many people are experiencing it, it's really like, experiencing it, it's really like, experiencing it, it's really like, "Okay, but people are experiencing it "Okay, but people are experiencing it "Okay, but people are experiencing it and they don't still don't know what's and they don't still don't know what's and they don't still don't know what's going on." Um they just are experiencing going on." Um they just are experiencing going on." Um they just are experiencing these experiencing these um these experiencing these um these experiencing these um the the effects of it, but not knowing the the effects of it, but not knowing the the effects of it, but not knowing what's really happening. So, um I'm what's really happening. So, um I'm what's really happening. So, um I'm going to break it down to you. I'm no going to break it down to you. I'm no going to break it down to you. I'm no longer scared. Maybe I am a little, but longer scared. Maybe I am a little, but longer scared. Maybe I am a little, but I know God got me because he gave me the I know God got me because he gave me the I know God got me because he gave me the go-ahead to to to tell this story. go-ahead to to to tell this story. go-ahead to to to tell this story. So, here it goes. So, here it goes. So, here it goes. Also, this is a disclaimer that this is Also, this is a disclaimer that this is Also, this is a disclaimer that this is a over over a 3-year thing. a over over a 3-year thing. a over over a 3-year thing. So, these will be a lot of parts. I So, these will be a lot of parts. I So, these will be a lot of parts. I never do videos like this, but this is never do videos like this, but this is never do videos like this, but this is something that I feel like is very something that I feel like is very something that I feel like is very informative and it will really help informative and it will really help informative and it will really help people understand. And then I will also people understand. And then I will also people understand. And then I will also tell you how I broke it. tell you how I broke it. tell you how I broke it. So, here we go. So, here we go. So, here we go. Back in 2021, I was living in Charlotte, Back in 2021, I was living in Charlotte, Back in 2021, I was living in Charlotte, North Carolina and I met this guy um at North Carolina and I met this guy um at North Carolina and I met this guy um at this job that I worked at. Now, when I this job that I worked at. Now, when I this job that I worked at. Now, when I first saw him, before I initially met first saw him, before I initially met first saw him, before I initially met him, him, him, I remember thinking like, "That dude I remember thinking like, "That dude I remember thinking like, "That dude looks dark." Like what the heck is going looks dark." Like what the heck is going looks dark." Like what the heck is going on? Like, you know, but he was cleaning on? Like, you know, but he was cleaning on? Like, you know, but he was cleaning the floor. So, I he wasn't even the floor. So, I he wasn't even the floor. So, I he wasn't even I didn't even pay him any attention, but I didn't even pay him any attention, but I didn't even pay him any attention, but I just remember thinking that it was it I just remember thinking that it was it I just remember thinking that it was it was in my peripheral that I saw that was in my peripheral that I saw that was in my peripheral that I saw that energy and then I looked at him and I energy and then I looked at him and I energy and then I looked at him and I was like, "Ooh, what's up with that was like, "Ooh, what's up with that was like, "Ooh, what's up with that dude?" dude?" dude?" So, fast forward to like a maybe like a So, fast forward to like a maybe like a So, fast forward to like a maybe like a month later, I'm at the job and I didn't month later, I'm at the job and I didn't month later, I'm at the job and I didn't work a lot of mornings, so I didn't work a lot of mornings, so I didn't work a lot of mornings, so I didn't really see this dude but that time. really see this dude but that time. really see this dude but that time. So, I'm about a month later, I I'm in So, I'm about a month later, I I'm in So, I'm about a month later, I I'm in the kitchen and I worked like a whole the kitchen and I worked like a whole the kitchen and I worked like a whole shift and I didn't even see him. I shift and I didn't even see him. I shift and I didn't even see him. I didn't even think I saw him. I didn't didn't even think I saw him. I didn't didn't even think I saw him. I didn't know. You know what I mean? So, you know. You know what I mean? So, you know. You know what I mean? So, you probably don't know, but you'll see. So, probably don't know, but you'll see. So, probably don't know, but you'll see. So, I um I um I um I just started listening to jazz music I just started listening to jazz music I just started listening to jazz music at this time. So, I heard somebody was at this time. So, I heard somebody was at this time. So, I heard somebody was playing towards the end of the night playing towards the end of the night playing towards the end of the night somebody was playing jazz music. And so, somebody was playing jazz music. And so, somebody was playing jazz music. And so, I'm looking around in that kitchen I'm looking around in that kitchen I'm looking around in that kitchen because in this kitchen there ain't because in this kitchen there ain't because in this kitchen there ain't nobody in there that I would think that nobody in there that I would think that nobody in there that I would think that we would be playing some jazz music we would be playing some jazz music we would be playing some jazz music first off. I'M LIKE, "WHO IS THAT?" YOU first off. I'M LIKE, "WHO IS THAT?" YOU first off. I'M LIKE, "WHO IS THAT?" YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING? SO, he like me, KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING? SO, he like me, KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING? SO, he like me, his voice like his voice like his voice like Bro, I used to like when I first heard Bro, I used to like when I first heard Bro, I used to like when I first heard his voice, I was like Who is that? Who is that? Who is that? To the point where I couldn't even I To the point where I couldn't even I To the point where I couldn't even I didn't even put the two together. I didn't even put the two together. I didn't even put the two together. I didn't even realize that the dude that I didn't even realize that the dude that I didn't even realize that the dude that I first saw was this dude. Total night and first saw was this dude. Total night and first saw was this dude. Total night and day. Crazy. day. Crazy. day. Crazy. So, So, So, um time So, I think that night like I um time So, I think that night like I um time So, I think that night like I kind of was just like we talked a little kind of was just like we talked a little kind of was just like we talked a little bit and I wasn't looking for anything bit and I wasn't looking for anything bit and I wasn't looking for anything because I was kind of still talking to because I was kind of still talking to because I was kind of still talking to someone. someone. someone. Kind of. So, I didn't really like move Kind of. So, I didn't really like move Kind of. So, I didn't really like move forward with this guy, but we talked, forward with this guy, but we talked, forward with this guy, but we talked, you know what I mean? Um a little bit. you know what I mean? Um a little bit. you know what I mean? Um a little bit. He like followed me into the room, He like followed me into the room, He like followed me into the room, thought I was a stripper. Really crazy. thought I was a stripper. Really crazy. thought I was a stripper. Really crazy. And um cuz I used to wear rhinestones And um cuz I used to wear rhinestones And um cuz I used to wear rhinestones like all on my face. I've been the like all on my face. I've been the like all on my face. I've been the rhinestone girly like since since rhinestone girly like since since rhinestone girly like since since forever. So, forever. So, forever. So, I used to wear rhinestones. I used to wear rhinestones. I used to wear rhinestones. I used to wear rhinestones on my face I used to wear rhinestones on my face I used to wear rhinestones on my face and I still like I said, I still do so. and I still like I said, I still do so. and I still like I said, I still do so. Um and so, he thought I was a stripper. Um and so, he thought I was a stripper. Um and so, he thought I was a stripper. And so, we just had a little casual And so, we just had a little casual And so, we just had a little casual conversation. And I remember like not conversation. And I remember like not conversation. And I remember like not really even liking this guy like that. really even liking this guy like that. really even liking this guy like that. And mind you, I still was kind of And mind you, I still was kind of And mind you, I still was kind of wrapped up with this dude. Like we were wrapped up with this dude. Like we were wrapped up with this dude. Like we were towards the end, but it was still I'm towards the end, but it was still I'm towards the end, but it was still I'm still, you know, wrapped up. So, I still, you know, wrapped up. So, I still, you know, wrapped up. So, I didn't give this guy no time of day. didn't give this guy no time of day. didn't give this guy no time of day. Too much time of day. So, we went into Too much time of day. So, we went into Too much time of day. So, we went into like later on that night I would we were like later on that night I would we were like later on that night I would we were both leaving around the same time. He both leaving around the same time. He both leaving around the same time. He kind of waited around for me. So, we get kind of waited around for me. So, we get kind of waited around for me. So, we get into his car. We're like talking and we into his car. We're like talking and we into his car. We're like talking and we finally get into his car, which now I finally get into his car, which now I finally get into his car, which now I realize why we got into his car cuz he realize why we got into his car cuz he realize why we got into his car cuz he didn't want to be seen. So, and I didn't want to be seen. So, and I didn't want to be seen. So, and I remember like he pulled up his shirt. remember like he pulled up his shirt. remember like he pulled up his shirt. Let me tell you something. Let me tell you something. Let me tell you something. This baby was the finest dude I ever This baby was the finest dude I ever This baby was the finest dude I ever seen in my whole entire life. seen in my whole entire life. seen in my whole entire life. He was fine to me. Like I mean, even He was fine to me. Like I mean, even He was fine to me. Like I mean, even then like oh my gosh, I don't want to then like oh my gosh, I don't want to then like oh my gosh, I don't want to Even then like he was fine. He pulled Even then like he was fine. He pulled Even then like he was fine. He pulled his shirt up six, eight, nine, 12 packs. his shirt up six, eight, nine, 12 packs. his shirt up six, eight, nine, 12 packs. Fine. Fine. Fine. That's how I feel like if you would have That's how I feel like if you would have That's how I feel like if you would have rubbed something I would have been like rubbed something I would have been like rubbed something I would have been like crazy. So freaking crazy. So freaking crazy. So freaking I was JUST LIKE, "OH!" I was JUST LIKE, "OH!" I was JUST LIKE, "OH!" NOW, I'M I'M DATING A TRAINER, BUT NOW, I'M I'M DATING A TRAINER, BUT NOW, I'M I'M DATING A TRAINER, BUT SURELY HE DON'T LOOK LIKE THAT. YOU KNOW SURELY HE DON'T LOOK LIKE THAT. YOU KNOW SURELY HE DON'T LOOK LIKE THAT. YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING? WHAT I'M SAYING? WHAT I'M SAYING? SURELY HE DON'T LOOK LIKE THAT. SO, I'M SURELY HE DON'T LOOK LIKE THAT. SO, I'M SURELY HE DON'T LOOK LIKE THAT. SO, I'M LIKE, "Oh man." But I also didn't know LIKE, "Oh man." But I also didn't know LIKE, "Oh man." But I also didn't know that at this time I had discernment. that at this time I had discernment. that at this time I had discernment. So, I remember we're talking we're So, I remember we're talking we're So, I remember we're talking we're talking and I'm like, "You probably talking and I'm like, "You probably talking and I'm like, "You probably still with your baby mama, aren't you?" still with your baby mama, aren't you?" still with your baby mama, aren't you?" Cuz he's telling me about his kids and Cuz he's telling me about his kids and Cuz he's telling me about his kids and all that stuff and I'm like, "You all that stuff and I'm like, "You all that stuff and I'm like, "You probably still with your baby mama, probably still with your baby mama, probably still with your baby mama, aren't you?" He's like, "No." So, I'm aren't you?" He's like, "No." So, I'm aren't you?" He's like, "No." So, I'm like, "All right." Mind you, I've never like, "All right." Mind you, I've never like, "All right." Mind you, I've never been with anybody with kids. Let me see been with anybody with kids. Let me see been with anybody with kids. Let me see if I'm lying. No. I've never been with if I'm lying. No. I've never been with if I'm lying. No. I've never been with anybody with kids. I never talked to anybody with kids. I never talked to anybody with kids. I never talked to anybody with kids. I didn't know the anybody with kids. I didn't know the anybody with kids. I didn't know the baby mama drama. I didn't know none of baby mama drama. I didn't know none of baby mama drama. I didn't know none of that. that. that. So, um time goes on after that. We kind So, um time goes on after that. We kind So, um time goes on after that. We kind of go our separate ways. I go home, of go our separate ways. I go home, of go our separate ways. I go home, wherever he does. So, wherever he does. So, wherever he does. So, um he call he's calling a lot around um he call he's calling a lot around um he call he's calling a lot around this time. Mind you, I'm still with this time. Mind you, I'm still with this time. Mind you, I'm still with talking to Slim. We're not in a talking to Slim. We're not in a talking to Slim. We're not in a relationship, but we're still talking relationship, but we're still talking relationship, but we're still talking and I don't do all that double and all and I don't do all that double and all and I don't do all that double and all that. I don't do all of that. But, we're that. I don't do all of that. But, we're that. I don't do all of that. But, we're dating. It's nothing like crazy. It's dating. It's nothing like crazy. It's dating. It's nothing like crazy. It's not but we were dating. At this time, not but we were dating. At this time, not but we were dating. At this time, we're ending everything, but it's still, we're ending everything, but it's still, we're ending everything, but it's still, you know, it's still all that drama. He you know, it's still all that drama. He you know, it's still all that drama. He was very toxic. We were toxic together. was very toxic. We were toxic together. was very toxic. We were toxic together. I will say that. So, I will say that. So, I will say that. So, um so, this guy so, we're going to um so, this guy so, we're going to um so, this guy so, we're going to Matter of fact, let's call Let's give Matter of fact, let's call Let's give Matter of fact, let's call Let's give these people people names. So, the dude these people people names. So, the dude these people people names. So, the dude at the job was at the job was at the job was his name Let's call him his name Let's call him his name Let's call him I don't want it to be too close. So, I don't want it to be too close. So, I don't want it to be too close. So, let's call him let's call him let's call him Richard. Richard. Richard. And the dude that I was talking to, um And the dude that I was talking to, um And the dude that I was talking to, um let's call him let's call him let's call him Skeeter. Okay? So, the dude I was Skeeter. Okay? So, the dude I was Skeeter. Okay? So, the dude I was talking to is Skeeter. The one that I talking to is Skeeter. The one that I talking to is Skeeter. The one that I that I just met is Richard. that I just met is Richard. that I just met is Richard. So, damn, my son is leaving. I don't So, damn, my son is leaving. I don't So, damn, my son is leaving. I don't know if that is a son. So, know if that is a son. So, know if that is a son. So, uh Richard's constantly calling me, uh Richard's constantly calling me, uh Richard's constantly calling me, calling me, calling me. I'm not really calling me, calling me. I'm not really calling me, calling me. I'm not really entertaining it until finally me and entertaining it until finally me and entertaining it until finally me and Skeeter break up officially. Like or Skeeter break up officially. Like or Skeeter break up officially. Like or stop talking officially. Like we're stop talking officially. Like we're stop talking officially. Like we're we're done. I'm done with all that. we're done. I'm done with all that. we're done. I'm done with all that. So, I call Skeeter. I'm sorry. I call So, I call Skeeter. I'm sorry. I call So, I call Skeeter. I'm sorry. I call Richard and I'm like, uh I just had all Richard and I'm like, uh I just had all Richard and I'm like, uh I just had all this happen cuz Skeeter like attacked this happen cuz Skeeter like attacked this happen cuz Skeeter like attacked me. Well, he tried to. And I'm sitting here like So, I called And I'm sitting here like So, I called And I'm sitting here like So, I called Richard and I'm like, he just attacked Richard and I'm like, he just attacked Richard and I'm like, he just attacked me and we were just fighting and all me and we were just fighting and all me and we were just fighting and all that. And I'm just like upset. And I that. And I'm just like upset. And I that. And I'm just like upset. And I ended up, you know, calling him. He ended up, you know, calling him. He ended up, you know, calling him. He comes over, brings me like a Caesar comes over, brings me like a Caesar comes over, brings me like a Caesar salad, brings me like some food, brings salad, brings me like some food, brings salad, brings me like some food, brings me like uh some some candy, like all me like uh some some candy, like all me like uh some some candy, like all this stuff. So, I'm like, "Oh my god, this stuff. So, I'm like, "Oh my god, this stuff. So, I'm like, "Oh my god, Skeeter's so cute." Skeeter's so cute." Skeeter's so cute." I'm sorry. Richard's so cute. So, I'm sorry. Richard's so cute. So, I'm sorry. Richard's so cute. So, Richard um we're like he's in the house Richard um we're like he's in the house Richard um we're like he's in the house and we're talking all that stuff. Mind and we're talking all that stuff. Mind and we're talking all that stuff. Mind you, still I don't like him like that. you, still I don't like him like that. you, still I don't like him like that. But, he's constant He's so persistent. But, he's constant He's so persistent. But, he's constant He's so persistent. He's so persistent. Now, he's fine. But, He's so persistent. Now, he's fine. But, He's so persistent. Now, he's fine. But, I just stopped talking to somebody. So, I just stopped talking to somebody. So, I just stopped talking to somebody. So, I'm like, "I'm not interested." And I'm like, "I'm not interested." And I'm like, "I'm not interested." And interested interested interested Oh my interested interested interested Oh my interested interested interested Oh my god. This is probably the scariest Ouija god. This is probably the scariest Ouija god. This is probably the scariest Ouija board story time that I have ever come board story time that I have ever come board story time that I have ever come across. For obvious reasons, this person across. For obvious reasons, this person across. For obvious reasons, this person does wants to remain anonymous. So, for does wants to remain anonymous. So, for does wants to remain anonymous. So, for the sake of story, let's call her Lucy. the sake of story, let's call her Lucy. the sake of story, let's call her Lucy. A few years ago, Lucy was living in Los A few years ago, Lucy was living in Los A few years ago, Lucy was living in Los Angeles. Her parents had just bought Angeles. Her parents had just bought Angeles. Her parents had just bought this brand new house. Soon after they this brand new house. Soon after they this brand new house. Soon after they moved into the home, they started to moved into the home, they started to moved into the home, they started to hear rumors of five teens who had played hear rumors of five teens who had played hear rumors of five teens who had played with the Ouija board and had with the Ouija board and had with the Ouija board and had mysteriously gone missing. Not long mysteriously gone missing. Not long mysteriously gone missing. Not long after they moved into this house, Lucy's after they moved into this house, Lucy's after they moved into this house, Lucy's parents went away for the weekend giving parents went away for the weekend giving parents went away for the weekend giving Lucy home alone until like Monday. Lucy Lucy home alone until like Monday. Lucy Lucy home alone until like Monday. Lucy decides to invite five of her friends to decides to invite five of her friends to decides to invite five of her friends to come over and play with the Ouija board come over and play with the Ouija board come over and play with the Ouija board because, I mean, because, I mean, because, I mean, why not? What could possibly go wrong? why not? What could possibly go wrong? why not? What could possibly go wrong? But, they didn't want to play with just But, they didn't want to play with just But, they didn't want to play with just any Ouija board. They wanted to play any Ouija board. They wanted to play any Ouija board. They wanted to play with that specific Ouija board that the with that specific Ouija board that the with that specific Ouija board that the five teens who had gone missing had five teens who had gone missing had five teens who had gone missing had played with. Around time they heard her played with. Around time they heard her played with. Around time they heard her rumors that that specific Ouija board rumors that that specific Ouija board rumors that that specific Ouija board had been buried in a house where no one had been buried in a house where no one had been buried in a house where no one ever went to anymore. So, they decided ever went to anymore. So, they decided ever went to anymore. So, they decided to go to that specific house and dig in to go to that specific house and dig in to go to that specific house and dig in the backyard and they actually came the backyard and they actually came the backyard and they actually came across across across the Ouija board. Even though the Ouija the Ouija board. Even though the Ouija the Ouija board. Even though the Ouija board was very worn down and faded, they board was very worn down and faded, they board was very worn down and faded, they were still able to use it. They decided were still able to use it. They decided were still able to use it. They decided to head over to Lucy's house since she to head over to Lucy's house since she to head over to Lucy's house since she was home alone. They set up the whole was home alone. They set up the whole was home alone. They set up the whole scenario. They lit up candles. They sat scenario. They lit up candles. They sat scenario. They lit up candles. They sat around it and they started. At first, around it and they started. At first, around it and they started. At first, they were a bit skeptic because nothing they were a bit skeptic because nothing they were a bit skeptic because nothing was really happening. They decided to was really happening. They decided to was really happening. They decided to ask the board, "Is anyone there?" and ask the board, "Is anyone there?" and ask the board, "Is anyone there?" and nothing happened. Just when they were nothing happened. Just when they were nothing happened. Just when they were about to just kind of give up on the about to just kind of give up on the about to just kind of give up on the board, the board the planchette moved to board, the board the planchette moved to board, the board the planchette moved to yes. They were thrilled, but like scared yes. They were thrilled, but like scared yes. They were thrilled, but like scared at the same time. Decided to continue at the same time. Decided to continue at the same time. Decided to continue asking the board questions. They asked asking the board questions. They asked asking the board questions. They asked the board what their name was and the the board what their name was and the the board what their name was and the board answered with a name Annie. Annie board answered with a name Annie. Annie board answered with a name Annie. Annie went ahead and let them know that she went ahead and let them know that she went ahead and let them know that she had actually died in the same home where had actually died in the same home where had actually died in the same home where Lucy was now living at. They asked her Lucy was now living at. They asked her Lucy was now living at. They asked her how she died and Annie answered, "Fire." how she died and Annie answered, "Fire." how she died and Annie answered, "Fire." Once she started to talk to them, the Once she started to talk to them, the Once she started to talk to them, the air around them became extremely cold air around them became extremely cold air around them became extremely cold and they could sense like the atmosphere and they could sense like the atmosphere and they could sense like the atmosphere had shifted. Feeling the weight of the had shifted. Feeling the weight of the had shifted. Feeling the weight of the room starting to weigh down on her, the room starting to weigh down on her, the room starting to weigh down on her, the candles that they had lit up started to candles that they had lit up started to candles that they had lit up started to flicker. Then they heard a loud bang on flicker. Then they heard a loud bang on flicker. Then they heard a loud bang on the wall. One of the friends ended up the wall. One of the friends ended up the wall. One of the friends ended up looking to the side saw the silhouette looking to the side saw the silhouette looking to the side saw the silhouette of a woman standing there staring right of a woman standing there staring right of a woman standing there staring right at them. This really scared them, so at them. This really scared them, so at them. This really scared them, so they decided to say goodbye to the board they decided to say goodbye to the board they decided to say goodbye to the board so they can close out the session. But, so they can close out the session. But, so they can close out the session. But, the minute they say goodbye, the board the minute they say goodbye, the board the minute they say goodbye, the board or the planchette started to move saying or the planchette started to move saying or the planchette started to move saying the word no no no like it did not want the word no no no like it did not want the word no no no like it did not want to end the session. They then started to to end the session. They then started to to end the session. They then started to hear whispers like surrounding them hear whispers like surrounding them hear whispers like surrounding them throughout the whole room saying the throughout the whole room saying the throughout the whole room saying the words help or help me over and over words help or help me over and over words help or help me over and over again. Realizing that they had awakened again. Realizing that they had awakened again. Realizing that they had awakened something that they wanted absolutely something that they wanted absolutely something that they wanted absolutely nothing to do with, one of the friends nothing to do with, one of the friends nothing to do with, one of the friends grabbed a glass of water and poured it grabbed a glass of water and poured it grabbed a glass of water and poured it like over the board and started to yell, like over the board and started to yell, like over the board and started to yell, "Leave us alone." The whispers that they "Leave us alone." The whispers that they "Leave us alone." The whispers that they were hearing then turned into screams were hearing then turned into screams were hearing then turned into screams and the planchette literally flew and the planchette literally flew and the planchette literally flew against the wall. This literally made against the wall. This literally made against the wall. This literally made the whole room erupt in complete chaos the whole room erupt in complete chaos the whole room erupt in complete chaos and everybody got up and started running and everybody got up and started running and everybody got up and started running for their lives. The minute they left for their lives. The minute they left for their lives. The minute they left that room, the air felt completely light that room, the air felt completely light that room, the air felt completely light and whatever presence was weighing down and whatever presence was weighing down and whatever presence was weighing down on them had disappeared. They decided to on them had disappeared. They decided to on them had disappeared. They decided to never speak of that night ever again, never speak of that night ever again, never speak of that night ever again, but the experience that happened that but the experience that happened that but the experience that happened that night haunted them like till this day. night haunted them like till this day. night haunted them like till this day. Every single person that was in that Every single person that was in that Every single person that was in that room till this day still feels like room till this day still feels like room till this day still feels like Annie continues to watch them and stay Annie continues to watch them and stay Annie continues to watch them and stay like near them. Still waiting for them like near them. Still waiting for them like near them. Still waiting for them to help her. A lot of them still claims to help her. A lot of them still claims to help her. A lot of them still claims to still hear faint cries in the middle to still hear faint cries in the middle to still hear faint cries in the middle of the night. They believe that they of the night. They believe that they of the night. They believe that they have opened something that they had have opened something that they had have opened something that they had absolutely no business opening and till absolutely no business opening and till absolutely no business opening and till this day it remains open. Lucy's parents this day it remains open. Lucy's parents this day it remains open. Lucy's parents eventually ended up moving completely eventually ended up moving completely eventually ended up moving completely out of that state, but till this day out of that state, but till this day out of that state, but till this day like Lucy will still have nightmares like Lucy will still have nightmares like Lucy will still have nightmares about her experience. Tonight's true scary story is about Tonight's true scary story is about Tonight's true scary story is about demons and you need to protect yourself demons and you need to protect yourself demons and you need to protect yourself before watching this video. I mean it before watching this video. I mean it before watching this video. I mean it because this one is intense. Please because this one is intense. Please because this one is intense. Please excuse my appearance. I just got a spray excuse my appearance. I just got a spray excuse my appearance. I just got a spray tan and I can't wash it off yet. Okay, tan and I can't wash it off yet. Okay, tan and I can't wash it off yet. Okay, so let's get started. Tonight's so let's get started. Tonight's so let's get started. Tonight's submitter's name is Melanie and the submitter's name is Melanie and the submitter's name is Melanie and the little backstory on her is important little backstory on her is important little backstory on her is important because she has three different tribes because she has three different tribes because she has three different tribes in her bloodline, Native American in her bloodline, Native American in her bloodline, Native American tribes, and that is Choctaw, Cherokee, tribes, and that is Choctaw, Cherokee, tribes, and that is Choctaw, Cherokee, and Eskimo. By the way, Melanie does not and Eskimo. By the way, Melanie does not and Eskimo. By the way, Melanie does not want to be tagged, but she will be in want to be tagged, but she will be in want to be tagged, but she will be in the comments if you guys have any the comments if you guys have any the comments if you guys have any questions or comments for her. Her questions or comments for her. Her questions or comments for her. Her grandfather was the chief and shaman of grandfather was the chief and shaman of grandfather was the chief and shaman of her Cherokee tribe. Every woman in her her Cherokee tribe. Every woman in her her Cherokee tribe. Every woman in her family has been a sensitive, including family has been a sensitive, including family has been a sensitive, including her. She has had several terrifying her. She has had several terrifying her. She has had several terrifying experiences and she has had an experiences and she has had an experiences and she has had an experience with one particular entity experience with one particular entity experience with one particular entity that is absolutely terrifying. I have to that is absolutely terrifying. I have to that is absolutely terrifying. I have to skip over some things because it will be skip over some things because it will be skip over some things because it will be too long for TikTok, but I can put the too long for TikTok, but I can put the too long for TikTok, but I can put the full story on my YT if you guys want. full story on my YT if you guys want. full story on my YT if you guys want. Just drop in the comments. At the time Just drop in the comments. At the time Just drop in the comments. At the time Melanie hit about 15 or 16 years old, Melanie hit about 15 or 16 years old, Melanie hit about 15 or 16 years old, she had seen several things. She had she had seen several things. She had she had seen several things. She had seen shadows, creatures, things out of seen shadows, creatures, things out of seen shadows, creatures, things out of the corner of her eye. She had felt the corner of her eye. She had felt the corner of her eye. She had felt feelings, temperature drops, all those feelings, temperature drops, all those feelings, temperature drops, all those types of things. So, she was very used types of things. So, she was very used types of things. So, she was very used to the paranormal at this time. One day to the paranormal at this time. One day to the paranormal at this time. One day in particular when she was 15 or 16 in particular when she was 15 or 16 in particular when she was 15 or 16 years old, she was doing laundry in her years old, she was doing laundry in her years old, she was doing laundry in her laundry room. This is in Arkansas, by laundry room. This is in Arkansas, by laundry room. This is in Arkansas, by the way. So, she goes to turn around the way. So, she goes to turn around the way. So, she goes to turn around after she's done doing the laundry and after she's done doing the laundry and after she's done doing the laundry and the laundry room is in the garage. She the laundry room is in the garage. She the laundry room is in the garage. She goes to leave the garage. As she's goes to leave the garage. As she's goes to leave the garage. As she's leaving the garage, she sees a misty leaving the garage, she sees a misty leaving the garage, she sees a misty shadow in the corner of her eye. She shadow in the corner of her eye. She shadow in the corner of her eye. She immediately knows what it is and she immediately knows what it is and she immediately knows what it is and she just says to herself, "You are not just says to herself, "You are not just says to herself, "You are not welcome here." And then she goes into welcome here." And then she goes into welcome here." And then she goes into her room. She then goes into the room her room. She then goes into the room her room. She then goes into the room that she shares with her sister and that she shares with her sister and that she shares with her sister and she's in her bedroom and there's a she's in her bedroom and there's a she's in her bedroom and there's a window in her bedroom. She looks over at window in her bedroom. She looks over at window in her bedroom. She looks over at the window and she sees what she saw in the window and she sees what she saw in the window and she sees what she saw in the corner of her eye, except for she the corner of her eye, except for she the corner of her eye, except for she saw a face this time. The face is saw a face this time. The face is saw a face this time. The face is pressed up against the window like this pressed up against the window like this pressed up against the window like this and it's just smiling at her. and it's just smiling at her. and it's just smiling at her. As soon as this happened, she starts As soon as this happened, she starts As soon as this happened, she starts screaming for her sister's name. And screaming for her sister's name. And screaming for her sister's name. And she's like, "Look, look." Her sister she's like, "Look, look." Her sister she's like, "Look, look." Her sister looks over, she sees it. Then her sister looks over, she sees it. Then her sister looks over, she sees it. Then her sister starts screaming for her mom's name. starts screaming for her mom's name. starts screaming for her mom's name. "Mom!" Her mom comes running in and her "Mom!" Her mom comes running in and her "Mom!" Her mom comes running in and her mom doesn't see anything cuz it vanishes mom doesn't see anything cuz it vanishes mom doesn't see anything cuz it vanishes right before their eyes as soon as their right before their eyes as soon as their right before their eyes as soon as their mom gets into the room. They both prayed mom gets into the room. They both prayed mom gets into the room. They both prayed over Melanie for about 10 to 20 minutes over Melanie for about 10 to 20 minutes over Melanie for about 10 to 20 minutes after this, but the unfortunately this after this, but the unfortunately this after this, but the unfortunately this would send her into a spiral of would send her into a spiral of would send her into a spiral of depression. For some reason, this entity depression. For some reason, this entity depression. For some reason, this entity just took her down. This is where things just took her down. This is where things just took her down. This is where things get intense intense. Now, fast forward a get intense intense. Now, fast forward a get intense intense. Now, fast forward a couple years, she's about 18 years old, couple years, she's about 18 years old, couple years, she's about 18 years old, but she has been dealing with depression but she has been dealing with depression but she has been dealing with depression ever since this experience when she was ever since this experience when she was ever since this experience when she was 15 or 16 years old. Now, her and her mom 15 or 16 years old. Now, her and her mom 15 or 16 years old. Now, her and her mom decided they're going to go visit her decided they're going to go visit her decided they're going to go visit her grandmother and her grandmother lives in grandmother and her grandmother lives in grandmother and her grandmother lives in the same house that she had seen this the same house that she had seen this the same house that she had seen this figure previously. So, they're at her figure previously. So, they're at her figure previously. So, they're at her house. It's midsummer. She's sitting in house. It's midsummer. She's sitting in house. It's midsummer. She's sitting in the den chatting with her friends over the den chatting with her friends over the den chatting with her friends over Skype while her mom is in the shower. Skype while her mom is in the shower. Skype while her mom is in the shower. It's about 10:00 at night. The den light It's about 10:00 at night. The den light It's about 10:00 at night. The den light is off, but the only light is coming is off, but the only light is coming is off, but the only light is coming through the living room light. When all through the living room light. When all through the living room light. When all of a sudden the temperature drops out of of a sudden the temperature drops out of of a sudden the temperature drops out of nowhere. Her back is facing the sliding nowhere. Her back is facing the sliding nowhere. Her back is facing the sliding glass door and she starts to get this glass door and she starts to get this glass door and she starts to get this tingling feeling on the back of her tingling feeling on the back of her tingling feeling on the back of her neck. She immediately knows what's going neck. She immediately knows what's going neck. She immediately knows what's going on and she tells her friends that she on and she tells her friends that she on and she tells her friends that she has to go and she shuts her laptop. She has to go and she shuts her laptop. She has to go and she shuts her laptop. She has full panic mode at this point has full panic mode at this point has full panic mode at this point because she knows that there is because she knows that there is because she knows that there is something behind her. So, she tries to something behind her. So, she tries to something behind her. So, she tries to calm herself down a little bit and then calm herself down a little bit and then calm herself down a little bit and then she slowly looks behind her. And that's she slowly looks behind her. And that's she slowly looks behind her. And that's when she sees it. A black figure at when she sees it. A black figure at when she sees it. A black figure at least 10 ft tall. It's crouching over least 10 ft tall. It's crouching over least 10 ft tall. It's crouching over because it's so tall and it's looking because it's so tall and it's looking because it's so tall and it's looking inside at her. Skin was pitch black like inside at her. Skin was pitch black like inside at her. Skin was pitch black like it was tar covered. Shiny, but matte at it was tar covered. Shiny, but matte at it was tar covered. Shiny, but matte at the same time. Which is super freaky, the same time. Which is super freaky, the same time. Which is super freaky, you guys, because I have seen this you guys, because I have seen this you guys, because I have seen this explanation in my submissions so many explanation in my submissions so many explanation in my submissions so many times of people seeing this. Skin was times of people seeing this. Skin was times of people seeing this. Skin was taut like a mummy. Its arms were so long taut like a mummy. Its arms were so long taut like a mummy. Its arms were so long that its knuckles brushed the ground. that its knuckles brushed the ground. that its knuckles brushed the ground. Its head and neck resembled an ape, but Its head and neck resembled an ape, but Its head and neck resembled an ape, but it had extremely sharp teeth and pointy it had extremely sharp teeth and pointy it had extremely sharp teeth and pointy ears. She said its eyes were glowing ears. She said its eyes were glowing ears. She said its eyes were glowing like a blood covered sun. Brings its like a blood covered sun. Brings its like a blood covered sun. Brings its hand up slowly and it starts to reach hand up slowly and it starts to reach hand up slowly and it starts to reach through the glass of the sliding glass through the glass of the sliding glass through the glass of the sliding glass door. She said its fingers were at least door. She said its fingers were at least door. She said its fingers were at least a foot long and it came to a point at a foot long and it came to a point at a foot long and it came to a point at the end. And it was just reaching for the end. And it was just reaching for the end. And it was just reaching for her with these long pointy fingers. At that point, she realized that she had At that point, she realized that she had At that point, she realized that she had been frozen and somehow she calmly just been frozen and somehow she calmly just been frozen and somehow she calmly just gets up and walks away as calmly as she gets up and walks away as calmly as she gets up and walks away as calmly as she can. Girl, good for you. I would be can. Girl, good for you. I would be can. Girl, good for you. I would be freaking out. Went to this reading desk freaking out. Went to this reading desk freaking out. Went to this reading desk that was against the wall and she just that was against the wall and she just that was against the wall and she just sat there and she hid there until her sat there and she hid there until her sat there and she hid there until her mom got out of the shower. She was mom got out of the shower. She was mom got out of the shower. She was absolutely petrified, frozen with fear. absolutely petrified, frozen with fear. absolutely petrified, frozen with fear. Her mom comes over, she tells her mom Her mom comes over, she tells her mom Her mom comes over, she tells her mom what happened. Her mom goes over to the what happened. Her mom goes over to the what happened. Her mom goes over to the window, she checks the window, and she window, she checks the window, and she window, she checks the window, and she slowly closes the blind. She then walks slowly closes the blind. She then walks slowly closes the blind. She then walks back over to Melanie and she gives her a back over to Melanie and she gives her a back over to Melanie and she gives her a hug. Melanie said she was so terrified hug. Melanie said she was so terrified hug. Melanie said she was so terrified that she didn't even realize that there that she didn't even realize that there that she didn't even realize that there was tears coming out of her eyes. They was tears coming out of her eyes. They was tears coming out of her eyes. They then call a family member of hers that then call a family member of hers that then call a family member of hers that studies demonology and has been ordained studies demonology and has been ordained studies demonology and has been ordained by the church. He comes over, his name by the church. He comes over, his name by the church. He comes over, his name is JC, that's what we're going to call is JC, that's what we're going to call is JC, that's what we're going to call him, and he just prays over her and him, and he just prays over her and him, and he just prays over her and smudges everything around her. He also smudges everything around her. He also smudges everything around her. He also stays up with her all night long because stays up with her all night long because stays up with her all night long because she cannot sleep. She had explained she cannot sleep. She had explained she cannot sleep. She had explained absolutely every detail to him about absolutely every detail to him about absolutely every detail to him about what this creature looked like and about what this creature looked like and about what this creature looked like and about what it did and he researched it and he what it did and he researched it and he what it did and he researched it and he did find out that it was a demon. Now, I did find out that it was a demon. Now, I did find out that it was a demon. Now, I emailed her back and asked her what emailed her back and asked her what emailed her back and asked her what demon, so I will let you guys know. If demon, so I will let you guys know. If demon, so I will let you guys know. If you want to know, drop it in the you want to know, drop it in the you want to know, drop it in the comments cuz I want to know which one it comments cuz I want to know which one it comments cuz I want to know which one it was if he was able to find out which was if he was able to find out which was if he was able to find out which one. She said that she didn't see this one. She said that she didn't see this one. She said that she didn't see this thing for another 5 years, but she did thing for another 5 years, but she did thing for another 5 years, but she did end up seeing it again 5 years later end up seeing it again 5 years later end up seeing it again 5 years later when she was married to her husband in when she was married to her husband in when she was married to her husband in Fort Worth, Texas. This time it got so Fort Worth, Texas. This time it got so Fort Worth, Texas. This time it got so much worse. It just gets worse each much worse. It just gets worse each much worse. It just gets worse each time. On this day that this happened, time. On this day that this happened, time. On this day that this happened, she was in her new house that they had she was in her new house that they had she was in her new house that they had just purchased and her husband was away just purchased and her husband was away just purchased and her husband was away on a business trip. Now, she went into on a business trip. Now, she went into on a business trip. Now, she went into the garage because she had to look for the garage because she had to look for the garage because she had to look for something. As soon as she got halfway to something. As soon as she got halfway to something. As soon as she got halfway to what she was looking for, she all of a what she was looking for, she all of a what she was looking for, she all of a sudden sees this black mist form in sudden sees this black mist form in sudden sees this black mist form in front of her and then she sees red eyes front of her and then she sees red eyes front of her and then she sees red eyes in it. She immediately starts to in it. She immediately starts to in it. She immediately starts to recognize what this is. It's at the recognize what this is. It's at the recognize what this is. It's at the garage bay door and she freezes in her garage bay door and she freezes in her garage bay door and she freezes in her steps. She knows what it is. It's the steps. She knows what it is. It's the steps. She knows what it is. It's the creature from Tuscan where her creature from Tuscan where her creature from Tuscan where her grandmother's house was. After she grandmother's house was. After she grandmother's house was. After she recognized it, it starts to form into recognized it, it starts to form into recognized it, it starts to form into what it was before except for this time what it was before except for this time what it was before except for this time she can see more detail. It starts to she can see more detail. It starts to she can see more detail. It starts to grin this chester like smile. It has grin this chester like smile. It has grin this chester like smile. It has these sharp pointy teeth. It bum rushes these sharp pointy teeth. It bum rushes these sharp pointy teeth. It bum rushes her. She spins around. She runs to the her. She spins around. She runs to the her. She spins around. She runs to the door. She can literally hear this thing door. She can literally hear this thing door. She can literally hear this thing following behind her. She slams the door following behind her. She slams the door following behind her. She slams the door shut and it she can't get it shut shut and it she can't get it shut shut and it she can't get it shut because it has stopped her from getting because it has stopped her from getting because it has stopped her from getting shut. She feels this big bang on the shut. She feels this big bang on the shut. She feels this big bang on the door and it's whatever it is trying to door and it's whatever it is trying to door and it's whatever it is trying to get in. She said that when it hit the get in. She said that when it hit the get in. She said that when it hit the door, it literally moved it like 3 in. door, it literally moved it like 3 in. door, it literally moved it like 3 in. So, she's against the door at this point So, she's against the door at this point So, she's against the door at this point and she's just yelling, "You are not and she's just yelling, "You are not and she's just yelling, "You are not welcome here. I command you to leave welcome here. I command you to leave welcome here. I command you to leave this place and never return." And it this place and never return." And it this place and never return." And it laughs this blood CHILLING CACKLE. AND IT VANISHED. THEN SHE GRABBED sage AND IT VANISHED. THEN SHE GRABBED sage AND IT VANISHED. THEN SHE GRABBED sage and holy water and she blessed the and holy water and she blessed the and holy water and she blessed the entire house. She then calls her entire house. She then calls her entire house. She then calls her husband. She tells her husband what husband. She tells her husband what husband. She tells her husband what happens, but her husband doesn't really happens, but her husband doesn't really happens, but her husband doesn't really believe in this stuff, but it sounds believe in this stuff, but it sounds believe in this stuff, but it sounds like he's pretty supportive. He tells like he's pretty supportive. He tells like he's pretty supportive. He tells her he'll be home soon and not to worry her he'll be home soon and not to worry her he'll be home soon and not to worry about it. She's going to be okay. Now, about it. She's going to be okay. Now, about it. She's going to be okay. Now, she said that it since this experience, she said that it since this experience, she said that it since this experience, she has experienced things like knocking she has experienced things like knocking she has experienced things like knocking on the ceiling, knocking on the walls. on the ceiling, knocking on the walls. on the ceiling, knocking on the walls. She hears whispers all the time. She She hears whispers all the time. She She hears whispers all the time. She feels presence all around her, but she feels presence all around her, but she feels presence all around her, but she has not seen that creature again. But to has not seen that creature again. But to has not seen that creature again. But to this day, which this was very recently, this day, which this was very recently, this day, which this was very recently, she is still experiencing scary things. I have a Ouija board storytime. If this I have a Ouija board storytime. If this I have a Ouija board storytime. If this is the type of content that you're into, is the type of content that you're into, is the type of content that you're into, feel free to follow along. I post a feel free to follow along. I post a feel free to follow along. I post a story every single day. The person who story every single day. The person who story every single day. The person who submitted this wishes to remain submitted this wishes to remain submitted this wishes to remain anonymous, so let's call her Sophia. anonymous, so let's call her Sophia. anonymous, so let's call her Sophia. When Sophia was about 14 years old, her, When Sophia was about 14 years old, her, When Sophia was about 14 years old, her, her sister, and a couple of their her sister, and a couple of their her sister, and a couple of their friends decided to start playing with friends decided to start playing with friends decided to start playing with the Ouija board. At first, they didn't the Ouija board. At first, they didn't the Ouija board. At first, they didn't think anything of it. They had actually think anything of it. They had actually think anything of it. They had actually come into contact with a 12-year-old boy come into contact with a 12-year-old boy come into contact with a 12-year-old boy who had drowned. Due to this, they of who had drowned. Due to this, they of who had drowned. Due to this, they of course felt sympathy for him. Everything course felt sympathy for him. Everything course felt sympathy for him. Everything was fine until one day Sophia decided was fine until one day Sophia decided was fine until one day Sophia decided not to play with the board. She actually not to play with the board. She actually not to play with the board. She actually had a phone call, so Sophia's sister and had a phone call, so Sophia's sister and had a phone call, so Sophia's sister and her friends decided to play while Sophia her friends decided to play while Sophia her friends decided to play while Sophia was in the next room on the phone. When was in the next room on the phone. When was in the next room on the phone. When out of nowhere, she hears screams coming out of nowhere, she hears screams coming out of nowhere, she hears screams coming from the room. Sophia, of course, runs from the room. Sophia, of course, runs from the room. Sophia, of course, runs into the room. When she runs into the into the room. When she runs into the into the room. When she runs into the room, she sees that no one has their room, she sees that no one has their room, she sees that no one has their hand on the planchette, but the hand on the planchette, but the hand on the planchette, but the planchette is moving around like crazy planchette is moving around like crazy planchette is moving around like crazy spelling out Sophia over and over and spelling out Sophia over and over and spelling out Sophia over and over and over again. This, of course, freaked over again. This, of course, freaked over again. This, of course, freaked everybody out. Sophia's uncle is everybody out. Sophia's uncle is everybody out. Sophia's uncle is actually a pastor, so she called and actually a pastor, so she called and actually a pastor, so she called and told him about the board. At first, he told him about the board. At first, he told him about the board. At first, he was, of course, angry with her for was, of course, angry with her for was, of course, angry with her for playing with the board, but decided to playing with the board, but decided to playing with the board, but decided to pray with her over the phone and told pray with her over the phone and told pray with her over the phone and told her of a few prayers for her to recite her of a few prayers for her to recite her of a few prayers for her to recite anytime she felt afraid. After this, anytime she felt afraid. After this, anytime she felt afraid. After this, none of the girls wanted to go anywhere none of the girls wanted to go anywhere none of the girls wanted to go anywhere near the board. They actually put the near the board. They actually put the near the board. They actually put the board away without even saying goodbye. board away without even saying goodbye. board away without even saying goodbye. Although they stopped playing with it, Although they stopped playing with it, Although they stopped playing with it, it did not stop bothering them. At it did not stop bothering them. At it did not stop bothering them. At times, the board would just randomly fly times, the board would just randomly fly times, the board would just randomly fly out of the closet right into the girls out of the closet right into the girls out of the closet right into the girls anytime they would be in the room. They anytime they would be in the room. They anytime they would be in the room. They tried countless times to get rid of the tried countless times to get rid of the tried countless times to get rid of the board, but every time they got rid of board, but every time they got rid of board, but every time they got rid of it, it would just magically show up back it, it would just magically show up back it, it would just magically show up back at the house. Eventually, they did at the house. Eventually, they did at the house. Eventually, they did manage to get rid of the board by giving manage to get rid of the board by giving manage to get rid of the board by giving it to Sophia's uncle who was a pastor. it to Sophia's uncle who was a pastor. it to Sophia's uncle who was a pastor. They're not exactly sure what he did to They're not exactly sure what he did to They're not exactly sure what he did to dispose of it, but after he took it, it dispose of it, but after he took it, it dispose of it, but after he took it, it never came back. So, if you've ever never came back. So, if you've ever never came back. So, if you've ever thought about playing with a Ouija thought about playing with a Ouija thought about playing with a Ouija board, don't. Just don't. It's not worth board, don't. Just don't. It's not worth board, don't. Just don't. It's not worth it. Even if you get rid of it and you it. Even if you get rid of it and you it. Even if you get rid of it and you think you are cleansed of whatever you think you are cleansed of whatever you think you are cleansed of whatever you came into contact with, you're never came into contact with, you're never came into contact with, you're never fully cleansed. These things remember fully cleansed. These things remember fully cleansed. These things remember you. They remember your face. They you. They remember your face. They you. They remember your face. They remember your name. And even if they're remember your name. And even if they're remember your name. And even if they're dormant, they never stop following you. Um storytime on how I got attacked by a Um storytime on how I got attacked by a Um storytime on how I got attacked by a demon. But I'm going to tell you guys demon. But I'm going to tell you guys demon. But I'm going to tell you guys this. Um I'm going to try and find the this. Um I'm going to try and find the this. Um I'm going to try and find the video because it's crazy. Um I literally video because it's crazy. Um I literally video because it's crazy. Um I literally have the video of like when I first wake have the video of like when I first wake have the video of like when I first wake up and I'm literally like malfunctioning up and I'm literally like malfunctioning up and I'm literally like malfunctioning because I did not know what just because I did not know what just because I did not know what just happened. So, basically, I got sleep happened. So, basically, I got sleep happened. So, basically, I got sleep paralysis and if you've ever gotten paralysis and if you've ever gotten paralysis and if you've ever gotten sleep paralysis, like that is how you sleep paralysis, like that is how you sleep paralysis, like that is how you know like that your mind and your body know like that your mind and your body know like that your mind and your body are different. You know what I mean? are different. You know what I mean? are different. You know what I mean? Like the first time I ever got it, like Like the first time I ever got it, like Like the first time I ever got it, like I was not scared, but nothing happened I was not scared, but nothing happened I was not scared, but nothing happened to me. I was just stuck and I was like to me. I was just stuck and I was like to me. I was just stuck and I was like saying things out loud that I couldn't saying things out loud that I couldn't saying things out loud that I couldn't say because my body wasn't awake, but my say because my body wasn't awake, but my say because my body wasn't awake, but my mind was and I was like laughing so hard mind was and I was like laughing so hard mind was and I was like laughing so hard and I could feel my my my soul and I could feel my my my soul and I could feel my my my soul That's what was crazy. Like I felt my That's what was crazy. Like I felt my That's what was crazy. Like I felt my soul laughing, but my body was just like soul laughing, but my body was just like soul laughing, but my body was just like sleeping. So, I was like, "Okay, if this sleeping. So, I was like, "Okay, if this sleeping. So, I was like, "Okay, if this is really my mind, how is my mind is really my mind, how is my mind is really my mind, how is my mind laughing right now? How is my soul My laughing right now? How is my soul My laughing right now? How is my soul My soul is literally laughing." Like I was soul is literally laughing." Like I was soul is literally laughing." Like I was laughing and I wasn't moving. So, I was laughing and I wasn't moving. So, I was laughing and I wasn't moving. So, I was like, "This is real. This is real. This like, "This is real. This is real. This like, "This is real. This is real. This joy I feel right now from laughing at my joy I feel right now from laughing at my joy I feel right now from laughing at my own joke cuz I'm a freaking weirdo is own joke cuz I'm a freaking weirdo is own joke cuz I'm a freaking weirdo is real, okay? Now, tell me Let me tell you real, okay? Now, tell me Let me tell you real, okay? Now, tell me Let me tell you something, okay? something, okay? something, okay? This was the second time I had sleep This was the second time I had sleep This was the second time I had sleep paralysis, okay? And I'm going to say I paralysis, okay? And I'm going to say I paralysis, okay? And I'm going to say I never say trigger warnings on my videos, never say trigger warnings on my videos, never say trigger warnings on my videos, but this is a real trigger warning. Like but this is a real trigger warning. Like but this is a real trigger warning. Like this is inappropriate touching and this is inappropriate touching and this is inappropriate touching and touching that I did not want this and touching that I did not want this and touching that I did not want this and the other thing. So, if that's a the other thing. So, if that's a the other thing. So, if that's a sensitive topic, please leave, okay? And sensitive topic, please leave, okay? And sensitive topic, please leave, okay? And if you're easily You know what? No, not if you're easily You know what? No, not if you're easily You know what? No, not if you're easily scared. You know you're if you're easily scared. You know you're if you're easily scared. You know you're not going to be scared. You want to know not going to be scared. You want to know not going to be scared. You want to know why? Because Jesus loves you and he's why? Because Jesus loves you and he's why? Because Jesus loves you and he's going to protect you and just pray after going to protect you and just pray after going to protect you and just pray after this video, so you're not going to be this video, so you're not going to be this video, so you're not going to be scared, okay? Um so, I wake up and I scared, okay? Um so, I wake up and I scared, okay? Um so, I wake up and I can't move and I'm like, "LOL, it's can't move and I'm like, "LOL, it's can't move and I'm like, "LOL, it's happening again." And I'm thinking like happening again." And I'm thinking like happening again." And I'm thinking like it's going to be a light-hearted moment it's going to be a light-hearted moment it's going to be a light-hearted moment just like the last time and I'm like just like the last time and I'm like just like the last time and I'm like laughing. I'm like, "Oh my gosh, I got laughing. I'm like, "Oh my gosh, I got laughing. I'm like, "Oh my gosh, I got sleep paralysis. LOL, this is so funny. sleep paralysis. LOL, this is so funny. sleep paralysis. LOL, this is so funny. I'm laughing so hard." But what I did I'm laughing so hard." But what I did I'm laughing so hard." But what I did not know. Guys, when you're close to the not know. Guys, when you're close to the not know. Guys, when you're close to the Lord, um the devil hates it, okay? And Lord, um the devil hates it, okay? And Lord, um the devil hates it, okay? And if you're wondering why you've never if you're wondering why you've never if you're wondering why you've never experienced anything spiritual before, experienced anything spiritual before, experienced anything spiritual before, it's probably because you're not it's probably because you're not it's probably because you're not religious. If you are religious person, religious. If you are religious person, religious. If you are religious person, you experience spiritual warfare. You you experience spiritual warfare. You you experience spiritual warfare. You experience these things because the experience these things because the experience these things because the devil wants He knows that you know that devil wants He knows that you know that devil wants He knows that you know that God is real. So, he's like, "You know God is real. So, he's like, "You know God is real. So, he's like, "You know what? He knows I'm real. what? He knows I'm real. what? He knows I'm real. She knows I'm real. She knows God's She knows I'm real. She knows God's She knows I'm real. She knows God's real. So, there's no there's no need to real. So, there's no there's no need to real. So, there's no there's no need to hide who I am. You know what I mean? She hide who I am. You know what I mean? She hide who I am. You know what I mean? She already believes. So, now I can go already believes. So, now I can go already believes. So, now I can go crazy." It's freaking weirdo freak. I'm crazy." It's freaking weirdo freak. I'm crazy." It's freaking weirdo freak. I'm sleeping there, guys. sleeping there, guys. sleeping there, guys. I literally hate this story. Hate I literally hate this story. Hate I literally hate this story. Hate telling the story, but I have to tell telling the story, but I have to tell telling the story, but I have to tell it, okay? I have to speak my mind. it, okay? I have to speak my mind. it, okay? I have to speak my mind. I'm laying there and I feel like on my I'm laying there and I feel like on my I'm laying there and I feel like on my chest like this and I'm like, "What is chest like this and I'm like, "What is chest like this and I'm like, "What is that?" I've never felt that before. And that?" I've never felt that before. And that?" I've never felt that before. And I literally like I remember Oh my gosh. I literally like I remember Oh my gosh. I literally like I remember Oh my gosh. My eyes always water when I tell the My eyes always water when I tell the My eyes always water when I tell the story. I'm not even crying. Like it's story. I'm not even crying. Like it's story. I'm not even crying. Like it's just like so disgusting. And I'm like I just like so disgusting. And I'm like I just like so disgusting. And I'm like I remember like in my mind being like, remember like in my mind being like, remember like in my mind being like, "No." Because you can speak, but you "No." Because you can speak, but you "No." Because you can speak, but you can't use your mouth to speak. Like you can't use your mouth to speak. Like you can't use your mouth to speak. Like you know when you can hear your thoughts? know when you can hear your thoughts? know when you can hear your thoughts? It's like that. And I remember like in a It's like that. And I remember like in a It's like that. And I remember like in a stern ass voice, I'm like, "No." Like stern ass voice, I'm like, "No." Like stern ass voice, I'm like, "No." Like trying to be all dominant and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] trying to be all dominant and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] trying to be all dominant and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like, "Okay." Like, "Okay." Like, "Okay." Like, "No." Like, "No." Like, "No." And I felt it literally stop, And I felt it literally stop, And I felt it literally stop, get mad, and like get angry. Like I felt get mad, and like get angry. Like I felt get mad, and like get angry. Like I felt this thing get angry with me. This thing this thing get angry with me. This thing this thing get angry with me. This thing got angry with me cuz like I knew what got angry with me cuz like I knew what got angry with me cuz like I knew what it was. You know when you have those it was. You know when you have those it was. You know when you have those dreams, dreams, dreams, right? And like right? And like right? And like you never stop it? That's you never stop it? That's you never stop it? That's That's not a dream. So, I knew that and That's not a dream. So, I knew that and That's not a dream. So, I knew that and I was like, "This is not a dream. This I was like, "This is not a dream. This I was like, "This is not a dream. This is not like This is not no dream. LOL. is not like This is not no dream. LOL. is not like This is not no dream. LOL. This is not good. I'm having sleep This is not good. I'm having sleep This is not good. I'm having sleep paralysis and now I'm feeling this. You paralysis and now I'm feeling this. You paralysis and now I'm feeling this. You think I'm going to sit here and let it think I'm going to sit here and let it think I'm going to sit here and let it happen? Absolutely not. No." And it's happen? Absolutely not. No." And it's happen? Absolutely not. No." And it's like it didn't expect that reaction. It like it didn't expect that reaction. It like it didn't expect that reaction. It got angry and then I tried moving. Dude, got angry and then I tried moving. Dude, got angry and then I tried moving. Dude, this is the craziest part. Like I tried this is the craziest part. Like I tried this is the craziest part. Like I tried like moving my arms and it literally like moving my arms and it literally like moving my arms and it literally grabs on my arms like this. Like I felt grabs on my arms like this. Like I felt grabs on my arms like this. Like I felt it. It was like this. Like like twisting it. It was like this. Like like twisting it. It was like this. Like like twisting and pulling and it's pulling and like and pulling and it's pulling and like and pulling and it's pulling and like I'm like laying in bed. It was weird. I'm like laying in bed. It was weird. I'm like laying in bed. It was weird. Like I could see my body was just laid Like I could see my body was just laid Like I could see my body was just laid there. Like I wasn't moving, but I was there. Like I wasn't moving, but I was there. Like I wasn't moving, but I was fighting. I was fighting, but I wasn't fighting. I was fighting, but I wasn't fighting. I was fighting, but I wasn't even moving. So, like how does that make even moving. So, like how does that make even moving. So, like how does that make sense? Still bothers me to this day. sense? Still bothers me to this day. sense? Still bothers me to this day. Think I'm lying? Look at this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Look Think I'm lying? Look at this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Look Think I'm lying? Look at this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Look at these goosebumps, bro. at these goosebumps, bro. at these goosebumps, bro. Anyways, and we're fighting and we're Anyways, and we're fighting and we're Anyways, and we're fighting and we're fighting and I'm like, "No." Like this fighting and I'm like, "No." Like this fighting and I'm like, "No." Like this time and the other thing. Okay, and I time and the other thing. Okay, and I time and the other thing. Okay, and I could say everything I wanted to say. could say everything I wanted to say. could say everything I wanted to say. This is how I knew Jesus was real. I This is how I knew Jesus was real. I This is how I knew Jesus was real. I could say every word my heart desired, could say every word my heart desired, could say every word my heart desired, but the second I said, "In the name of" but the second I said, "In the name of" but the second I said, "In the name of" And I was like, And I was like, And I was like, that little rat wrote it. Did not let me that little rat wrote it. Did not let me that little rat wrote it. Did not let me see Did not let me say Jesus's name. Let see Did not let me say Jesus's name. Let see Did not let me say Jesus's name. Let me say every word but Jesus Christ. me say every word but Jesus Christ. me say every word but Jesus Christ. Let me say every word. Let me cast out Let me say every word. Let me cast out Let me say every word. Let me cast out any word I wanted from my damn mouth but any word I wanted from my damn mouth but any word I wanted from my damn mouth but the one word that mattered. Did not let the one word that mattered. Did not let the one word that mattered. Did not let me say Jesus Christ. And to this day, to me say Jesus Christ. And to this day, to me say Jesus Christ. And to this day, to this day, I know the demons are in fear this day, I know the demons are in fear this day, I know the demons are in fear of his name. To this day. Because you of his name. To this day. Because you of his name. To this day. Because you little You little little You little little You little NOW, COME AT ME AGAIN. I'M ACTUALLY NOW, COME AT ME AGAIN. I'M ACTUALLY NOW, COME AT ME AGAIN. I'M ACTUALLY GOING TO GET A BRAWL. NO, IT'S A BRAWL. GOING TO GET A BRAWL. NO, IT'S A BRAWL. GOING TO GET A BRAWL. NO, IT'S A BRAWL. IT'S A BRAWL. IT'S A brawl now. It's IT'S A BRAWL. IT'S A brawl now. It's IT'S A BRAWL. IT'S A brawl now. It's really beef. It's really beef. You think really beef. It's really beef. You think really beef. It's really beef. You think I'm scared? Get the freak out of here. I'm scared? Get the freak out of here. I'm scared? Get the freak out of here. Play like a real man. Play like a real man. Play like a real man. Me literally getting angry at a spirit. Me literally getting angry at a spirit. Me literally getting angry at a spirit. LOL. LOL. LOL. Anyways, whatever.
