Hey, can you please send an email off to Hey, can you please send an email off to Hey, can you please send an email off to Greg letting him know that we're going Greg letting him know that we're going Greg letting him know that we're going to be getting donuts tomorrow in the San to be getting donuts tomorrow in the San to be getting donuts tomorrow in the San Francisco area from 5 to 6:00 p.m. If Francisco area from 5 to 6:00 p.m. If Francisco area from 5 to 6:00 p.m. If you could also book the appointment you could also book the appointment you could also book the appointment right away, just book it in for 5 to 6 right away, just book it in for 5 to 6 right away, just book it in for 5 to 6 p.m. with Greg. We want to be doing some p.m. with Greg. We want to be doing some p.m. with Greg. We want to be doing some research on the donut places in the San research on the donut places in the San research on the donut places in the San Francisco area. Then just send some of Francisco area. Then just send some of Francisco area. Then just send some of the options off to Greg. And there we the options off to Greg. And there we the options off to Greg. And there we go. All agents were just triggered in go. All agents were just triggered in go. All agents were just triggered in that request. We got some emails sent that request. We got some emails sent that request. We got some emails sent out. We got a calendar booked in. And we out. We got a calendar booked in. And we out. We got a calendar booked in. And we got our research agent going as well. got our research agent going as well. got our research agent going as well. This is the appointment it just made This is the appointment it just made This is the appointment it just made with Greg. So, appointment with Greg for with Greg. So, appointment with Greg for with Greg. So, appointment with Greg for tomorrow at 5 to 6 p.m., which is tomorrow at 5 to 6 p.m., which is tomorrow at 5 to 6 p.m., which is awesome. And this right here is the awesome. And this right here is the awesome. And this right here is the email that it also sent off to Greg as email that it also sent off to Greg as email that it also sent off to Greg as well, telling him that we've got an well, telling him that we've got an well, telling him that we've got an appointment tomorrow from 5 to 6:00 p.m. appointment tomorrow from 5 to 6:00 p.m. appointment tomorrow from 5 to 6:00 p.m. to go eat donuts in San Francisco. And to go eat donuts in San Francisco. And to go eat donuts in San Francisco. And here are some of the best places that here are some of the best places that here are some of the best places that I've researched that it has found as I've researched that it has found as I've researched that it has found as well. And if we have a look at the well. And if we have a look at the well. And if we have a look at the actual researched agent and look at actual researched agent and look at actual researched agent and look at Perplexity, you'll see all the research Perplexity, you'll see all the research Perplexity, you'll see all the research that it did here. You'll see that it's that it did here. You'll see that it's that it did here. You'll see that it's got a lot of articles that went through got a lot of articles that went through got a lot of articles that went through with the best donuts in San Francisco. with the best donuts in San Francisco. with the best donuts in San Francisco. bunch of other articles here as well as bunch of other articles here as well as bunch of other articles here as well as to everything that I did research on to everything that I did research on to everything that I did research on that went back to the research agent and that went back to the research agent and that went back to the research agent and sent through a bunch of different sent through a bunch of different sent through a bunch of different locations that we could go to which was locations that we could go to which was locations that we could go to which was obviously emailed to Greg as well. All obviously emailed to Greg as well. All obviously emailed to Greg as well. All right, so let's get started in building right, so let's get started in building right, so let's get started in building out this agent. You saw the demo there. out this agent. You saw the demo there. out this agent. You saw the demo there. We're going to be able to plug this into We're going to be able to plug this into We're going to be able to plug this into Telegram. We're going to be able to Telegram. We're going to be able to Telegram. We're going to be able to speak with it over the phone and get it speak with it over the phone and get it speak with it over the phone and get it to do any of the tasks that we want it to do any of the tasks that we want it to do any of the tasks that we want it to. So, jumping right in. This right to. So, jumping right in. This right to. So, jumping right in. This right here is NadN and I'm going to be doing here is NadN and I'm going to be doing here is NadN and I'm going to be doing the complete build out from scratch. I'm the complete build out from scratch. I'm the complete build out from scratch. I'm going to showcase exactly how to build going to showcase exactly how to build going to showcase exactly how to build every individual agent a part of this every individual agent a part of this every individual agent a part of this agent and also how to connect Telegram agent and also how to connect Telegram agent and also how to connect Telegram and create the Telegram connection with and create the Telegram connection with and create the Telegram connection with the bot and everything that you need to the bot and everything that you need to the bot and everything that you need to know to get this up and running. But if know to get this up and running. But if know to get this up and running. But if you do want to speed this up and you you do want to speed this up and you you do want to speed this up and you don't want to follow through and build don't want to follow through and build don't want to follow through and build it out yourself, I will have this it out yourself, I will have this it out yourself, I will have this template and all of the agent templates template and all of the agent templates template and all of the agent templates connected in this system within my free connected in this system within my free connected in this system within my free school community which I'll have linked school community which I'll have linked school community which I'll have linked in the description. We've got over in the description. We've got over in the description. We've got over 19,000 members now. We've got 50 plus 19,000 members now. We've got 50 plus 19,000 members now. We've got 50 plus other AI agent templates and courses and other AI agent templates and courses and other AI agent templates and courses and it is 100% free. So, I definitely would it is 100% free. So, I definitely would it is 100% free. So, I definitely would recommend joining and I've got the link recommend joining and I've got the link recommend joining and I've got the link in the description. All right, so to in the description. All right, so to in the description. All right, so to kick it off, the first thing that we're kick it off, the first thing that we're kick it off, the first thing that we're going to go ahead and do is get our going to go ahead and do is get our going to go ahead and do is get our Telegram agent bot set up so that we can Telegram agent bot set up so that we can Telegram agent bot set up so that we can send it messages and send it those voice send it messages and send it those voice send it messages and send it those voice messages as well so we can talk to it messages as well so we can talk to it messages as well so we can talk to it and then we're going to connect this to and then we're going to connect this to and then we're going to connect this to NN. So, to get the Telegram bot set up, NN. So, to get the Telegram bot set up, NN. So, to get the Telegram bot set up, you'll have to go over to Telegram. This you'll have to go over to Telegram. This you'll have to go over to Telegram. This right here is the web app for Telegram. right here is the web app for Telegram. right here is the web app for Telegram. This also works on your phone as well of This also works on your phone as well of This also works on your phone as well of course and the way to create a bot is to course and the way to create a bot is to course and the way to create a bot is to go to a particular bot on Telegram go to a particular bot on Telegram go to a particular bot on Telegram called the bot father. So you can send a called the bot father. So you can send a called the bot father. So you can send a message to the bot father by sending a message to the bot father by sending a message to the bot father by sending a message to the username of atbotf message to the username of atbotf message to the username of atbotf father. This is a telegram created father. This is a telegram created father. This is a telegram created system to actually generate the bots system to actually generate the bots system to actually generate the bots that we can use in automations uh like that we can use in automations uh like that we can use in automations uh like the one that I'm going to be building. the one that I'm going to be building. the one that I'm going to be building. And all that we need to do is just And all that we need to do is just And all that we need to do is just follow the instructions that it gives us follow the instructions that it gives us follow the instructions that it gives us when we start the conversation with it. when we start the conversation with it. when we start the conversation with it. And you can see here that it has a bunch And you can see here that it has a bunch And you can see here that it has a bunch of pre-made messages that you can send of pre-made messages that you can send of pre-made messages that you can send off to do a bunch of actions. So in our off to do a bunch of actions. So in our off to do a bunch of actions. So in our case, we want to create a new bot. And case, we want to create a new bot. And case, we want to create a new bot. And all we need to type is /nebot. So I can all we need to type is /nebot. So I can all we need to type is /nebot. So I can type / newbot. This is going to allow us type / newbot. This is going to allow us type / newbot. This is going to allow us to trigger the the process to create to trigger the the process to create to trigger the the process to create that new bot. It's going to ask us what that new bot. It's going to ask us what that new bot. It's going to ask us what we'd like to name it. And I can name we'd like to name it. And I can name we'd like to name it. And I can name this whatever I would like. And then this whatever I would like. And then this whatever I would like. And then it's going to ask us for actually it's going to ask us for actually it's going to ask us for actually creating a username for it. So I'm just creating a username for it. So I'm just creating a username for it. So I'm just going to add the same name and then put going to add the same name and then put going to add the same name and then put underscorebot. pretty much just underscorebot. pretty much just underscorebot. pretty much just following the instructions that it gives following the instructions that it gives following the instructions that it gives us. And then the next message is going us. And then the next message is going us. And then the next message is going to be giving us an access token. We can to be giving us an access token. We can to be giving us an access token. We can copy this access token and then use it copy this access token and then use it copy this access token and then use it on Naden in just a second. Overall, on Naden in just a second. Overall, on Naden in just a second. Overall, pretty simple to get that up and pretty simple to get that up and pretty simple to get that up and running. But once we're on NN, what we running. But once we're on NN, what we running. But once we're on NN, what we need to do is jump into add a first step need to do is jump into add a first step need to do is jump into add a first step and then type Telegram. So Telegram is a and then type Telegram. So Telegram is a and then type Telegram. So Telegram is a native module here on NN, which is nice. native module here on NN, which is nice. native module here on NN, which is nice. And we can just click into the triggers And we can just click into the triggers And we can just click into the triggers of Telegram and then just click on of Telegram and then just click on of Telegram and then just click on message. So that just means that on a message. So that just means that on a message. So that just means that on a new message when it's received, we are new message when it's received, we are new message when it's received, we are going to be able to trigger this going to be able to trigger this going to be able to trigger this workflow and handle that message and workflow and handle that message and workflow and handle that message and then eventually respond to it. Once then eventually respond to it. Once then eventually respond to it. Once you've got this on the page, just double you've got this on the page, just double you've got this on the page, just double clicking into this actual uh step here. clicking into this actual uh step here. clicking into this actual uh step here. At the top, you'll see credential to At the top, you'll see credential to At the top, you'll see credential to connect with. So in here, this is where connect with. So in here, this is where connect with. So in here, this is where you're going to connect your actual you're going to connect your actual you're going to connect your actual credential for that Telegram bot. So the credential for that Telegram bot. So the credential for that Telegram bot. So the access token is the access token that access token is the access token that access token is the access token that was generated right here. Just copy and was generated right here. Just copy and was generated right here. Just copy and paste it directly into this box and hit paste it directly into this box and hit paste it directly into this box and hit save. A green box will pop up telling save. A green box will pop up telling save. A green box will pop up telling you that it's connected. Uh, and that's you that it's connected. Uh, and that's you that it's connected. Uh, and that's all you need to do. So, I've connected all you need to do. So, I've connected all you need to do. So, I've connected my agent. That is all ready to go. And my agent. That is all ready to go. And my agent. That is all ready to go. And we should be able to now send a message we should be able to now send a message we should be able to now send a message into NN. And if you want to test it, you into NN. And if you want to test it, you into NN. And if you want to test it, you can just hit the execute workflow button can just hit the execute workflow button can just hit the execute workflow button right here. Jump into Telegram and just right here. Jump into Telegram and just right here. Jump into Telegram and just send it a message. And once you've done send it a message. And once you've done send it a message. And once you've done that, clicking into the step right here, that, clicking into the step right here, that, clicking into the step right here, you'll see that the actual message will you'll see that the actual message will you'll see that the actual message will come through. And all the way at the come through. And all the way at the come through. And all the way at the bottom, you'll see text. And that is the bottom, you'll see text. And that is the bottom, you'll see text. And that is the message I just sent through. So, hello. message I just sent through. So, hello. message I just sent through. So, hello. I just sent that through. Uh, and that I just sent that through. Uh, and that I just sent that through. Uh, and that is obviously working. Now, the next is obviously working. Now, the next is obviously working. Now, the next module that I'm going to throw in here module that I'm going to throw in here module that I'm going to throw in here is going to be a switch step. So, the is going to be a switch step. So, the is going to be a switch step. So, the reason we're adding in a switch step in reason we're adding in a switch step in reason we're adding in a switch step in this case is that we're going to have this case is that we're going to have this case is that we're going to have two different pathways based on the two different pathways based on the two different pathways based on the message that is sent through for message that is sent through for message that is sent through for Telegram. So, I want this to be able to Telegram. So, I want this to be able to Telegram. So, I want this to be able to handle voice messages that are sent handle voice messages that are sent handle voice messages that are sent through so we can talk to it very through so we can talk to it very through so we can talk to it very naturally over the phone on Telegram, naturally over the phone on Telegram, naturally over the phone on Telegram, but we also want to be able to actually but we also want to be able to actually but we also want to be able to actually just send it some text. And so, we need just send it some text. And so, we need just send it some text. And so, we need to create a condition to split those to create a condition to split those to create a condition to split those pathways so that we can handle them just pathways so that we can handle them just pathways so that we can handle them just a bit differently. So, making sure to a bit differently. So, making sure to a bit differently. So, making sure to connect the Telegram message here, you connect the Telegram message here, you connect the Telegram message here, you can just drag it and connect it directly can just drag it and connect it directly can just drag it and connect it directly to the switch node. And then jumping to the switch node. And then jumping to the switch node. And then jumping into the switch node right here, we're into the switch node right here, we're into the switch node right here, we're just going to be setting two routing just going to be setting two routing just going to be setting two routing rules for our conditions. So, if I click rules for our conditions. So, if I click rules for our conditions. So, if I click add routing rule right here, and I jump add routing rule right here, and I jump add routing rule right here, and I jump out of this, you'll see we've got two out of this, you'll see we've got two out of this, you'll see we've got two pathways now added. So, depending on the pathways now added. So, depending on the pathways now added. So, depending on the conditions that we have in the switch conditions that we have in the switch conditions that we have in the switch node, it will go down one path or the node, it will go down one path or the node, it will go down one path or the other. So, to do this, we're going to go other. So, to do this, we're going to go other. So, to do this, we're going to go ahead and go down to the bottom left ahead and go down to the bottom left ahead and go down to the bottom left right here where the text says hello. right here where the text says hello. right here where the text says hello. I'm going to drag that into the first I'm going to drag that into the first I'm going to drag that into the first routing rule. And all I'm going to do is routing rule. And all I'm going to do is routing rule. And all I'm going to do is swap this condition tab right here. Go swap this condition tab right here. Go swap this condition tab right here. Go into string and then put it on exists. into string and then put it on exists. into string and then put it on exists. So if this string of JSON dossage.ext So if this string of JSON dossage.ext So if this string of JSON dossage.ext exists at all. So that would only exist exists at all. So that would only exist exists at all. So that would only exist if we actually sent it a message and if we actually sent it a message and if we actually sent it a message and that value could be populated, then we that value could be populated, then we that value could be populated, then we know that we've received text and we can know that we've received text and we can know that we've received text and we can continue down and actually respond to continue down and actually respond to continue down and actually respond to that text. Jumping out of this, we're that text. Jumping out of this, we're that text. Jumping out of this, we're going to go ahead and hit execute going to go ahead and hit execute going to go ahead and hit execute workflow once again. And the reason that workflow once again. And the reason that workflow once again. And the reason that I'm going to do that is cuz I am now I'm going to do that is cuz I am now I'm going to do that is cuz I am now going to send it a voice message so we going to send it a voice message so we going to send it a voice message so we can detect it in our switch as well. So can detect it in our switch as well. So can detect it in our switch as well. So if I just hold down on this button right if I just hold down on this button right if I just hold down on this button right here. Hey, this is just a test of the here. Hey, this is just a test of the here. Hey, this is just a test of the Telegram voice. There we go. I just sent Telegram voice. There we go. I just sent Telegram voice. There we go. I just sent through a voice message on Telegram. through a voice message on Telegram. through a voice message on Telegram. This has just ran through automatically. This has just ran through automatically. This has just ran through automatically. We can see it's already trying to go We can see it's already trying to go We can see it's already trying to go down this pathway. So we could actually down this pathway. So we could actually down this pathway. So we could actually leave it empty and it potentially might leave it empty and it potentially might leave it empty and it potentially might still work. But what we can do is look still work. But what we can do is look still work. But what we can do is look down at the bottom of this request where down at the bottom of this request where down at the bottom of this request where we see voice. So, this is obviously only we see voice. So, this is obviously only we see voice. So, this is obviously only going to populate if a voice message has going to populate if a voice message has going to populate if a voice message has been sent through in the first place. been sent through in the first place. been sent through in the first place. So, there's a few different things that So, there's a few different things that So, there's a few different things that we can do, but what I'll do is grab this we can do, but what I'll do is grab this we can do, but what I'll do is grab this file ID right here, throw it into this, file ID right here, throw it into this, file ID right here, throw it into this, and then I'll say if this string exists and then I'll say if this string exists and then I'll say if this string exists at all. So, obviously, if we get a voice at all. So, obviously, if we get a voice at all. So, obviously, if we get a voice file ID, then that means that a voice file ID, then that means that a voice file ID, then that means that a voice message was sent through. So, now we've message was sent through. So, now we've message was sent through. So, now we've got our two different pathways, and now got our two different pathways, and now got our two different pathways, and now we can start to do something with them. we can start to do something with them. we can start to do something with them. I'll continue to build out the actual I'll continue to build out the actual I'll continue to build out the actual voice based message flow right here. So voice based message flow right here. So voice based message flow right here. So I'll click on the plus button of the I'll click on the plus button of the I'll click on the plus button of the bottom which was for the voice and I'm bottom which was for the voice and I'm bottom which was for the voice and I'm going to type in telegram once again. going to type in telegram once again. going to type in telegram once again. What we need to do is go down to file What we need to do is go down to file What we need to do is go down to file actions and do get a file. So obviously actions and do get a file. So obviously actions and do get a file. So obviously this text or this voice that we're this text or this voice that we're this text or this voice that we're sending through isn't automatically sending through isn't automatically sending through isn't automatically getting transcribed into text. That is getting transcribed into text. That is getting transcribed into text. That is something that we have to do ourselves. something that we have to do ourselves. something that we have to do ourselves. So this is something that we can do by So this is something that we can do by So this is something that we can do by using this particular module for get a using this particular module for get a using this particular module for get a file. And jumping into the file ID, file. And jumping into the file ID, file. And jumping into the file ID, you'll see that we've been given a you'll see that we've been given a you'll see that we've been given a prompt to provide a file ID. And as you prompt to provide a file ID. And as you prompt to provide a file ID. And as you can remember, the the voice does give us can remember, the the voice does give us can remember, the the voice does give us this file ID. So I can drop that into this file ID. So I can drop that into this file ID. So I can drop that into this. And that is going to be able to this. And that is going to be able to this. And that is going to be able to look at that file, get that file, and look at that file, get that file, and look at that file, get that file, and bring it back into our flow so that it's bring it back into our flow so that it's bring it back into our flow so that it's actually usable for for other stuff. And actually usable for for other stuff. And actually usable for for other stuff. And just to give this a test, I'm going to just to give this a test, I'm going to just to give this a test, I'm going to hit execute step. And we should see the hit execute step. And we should see the hit execute step. And we should see the data populate right here for that audio data populate right here for that audio data populate right here for that audio file. And if I just click view, you'll file. And if I just click view, you'll file. And if I just click view, you'll now see this audio thing pops up right now see this audio thing pops up right now see this audio thing pops up right here. And I can hit play and listen to here. And I can hit play and listen to here. And I can hit play and listen to it. Hey, this is just a test of the it. Hey, this is just a test of the it. Hey, this is just a test of the Telegram voice. So perfect. That's Telegram voice. So perfect. That's Telegram voice. So perfect. That's exactly what I just sent through, of exactly what I just sent through, of exactly what I just sent through, of course. And now we can use it throughout course. And now we can use it throughout course. And now we can use it throughout the flow. So next I'm going to jump into the flow. So next I'm going to jump into the flow. So next I'm going to jump into doing an open AI transcription of audio. doing an open AI transcription of audio. doing an open AI transcription of audio. So in the open AI step here on NEN, if So in the open AI step here on NEN, if So in the open AI step here on NEN, if we just type transcribe, you'll see that we just type transcribe, you'll see that we just type transcribe, you'll see that we've got transcribe a recording. And so we've got transcribe a recording. And so we've got transcribe a recording. And so all this does is that we're using this all this does is that we're using this all this does is that we're using this specific chatbt module to listen to our specific chatbt module to listen to our specific chatbt module to listen to our recording and then transcribe it using recording and then transcribe it using recording and then transcribe it using AI. And this is going to give us the AI. And this is going to give us the AI. And this is going to give us the exact text that we can then use to send exact text that we can then use to send exact text that we can then use to send to our agent to do the rest of our to our agent to do the rest of our to our agent to do the rest of our actions later and throughout the flow. actions later and throughout the flow. actions later and throughout the flow. We've added the transcribe module and We've added the transcribe module and We've added the transcribe module and making sure that it's connected to the making sure that it's connected to the making sure that it's connected to the get a file module. This is pretty much get a file module. This is pretty much get a file module. This is pretty much automatically all set up for us. There's automatically all set up for us. There's automatically all set up for us. There's nothing we actually have to do to set up nothing we actually have to do to set up nothing we actually have to do to set up or configure this. As long as the input or configure this. As long as the input or configure this. As long as the input data field name is set to data, and that data field name is set to data, and that data field name is set to data, and that is the exact same as what's coming from is the exact same as what's coming from is the exact same as what's coming from the getter file, it's pretty much going the getter file, it's pretty much going the getter file, it's pretty much going to be set up for us. And we can test to be set up for us. And we can test to be set up for us. And we can test this by clicking execute step. It is this by clicking execute step. It is this by clicking execute step. It is going to transcribe that recording and going to transcribe that recording and going to transcribe that recording and we're going to get the text and we can we're going to get the text and we can we're going to get the text and we can see here, hey, this is just a test of see here, hey, this is just a test of see here, hey, this is just a test of the Telegram voice. So, awesome. That the Telegram voice. So, awesome. That the Telegram voice. So, awesome. That did exactly what I was expecting it to. did exactly what I was expecting it to. did exactly what I was expecting it to. And now we can reference this later in And now we can reference this later in And now we can reference this later in the flow. Now, for the text flow, all the flow. Now, for the text flow, all the flow. Now, for the text flow, all that I'm going to do is do an edit that I'm going to do is do an edit that I'm going to do is do an edit field. So, if I grab this right here, field. So, if I grab this right here, field. So, if I grab this right here, the edit fields module, all I'm going to the edit fields module, all I'm going to the edit fields module, all I'm going to do is take the telegram text message, do is take the telegram text message, do is take the telegram text message, and I'm going to assign it with a and I'm going to assign it with a and I'm going to assign it with a specific variable that we can use and specific variable that we can use and specific variable that we can use and reference later on in our flow. Now, the reference later on in our flow. Now, the reference later on in our flow. Now, the reason for this is that we don't want to reason for this is that we don't want to reason for this is that we don't want to reference the actual message that's reference the actual message that's reference the actual message that's coming from Telegram if we go down the coming from Telegram if we go down the coming from Telegram if we go down the voice flow because then this variable voice flow because then this variable voice flow because then this variable won't be set at all and the value will won't be set at all and the value will won't be set at all and the value will be incorrect and it could break the be incorrect and it could break the be incorrect and it could break the flow. So, we're just adding an edit flow. So, we're just adding an edit flow. So, we're just adding an edit field to set it custom. So, in here, if field to set it custom. So, in here, if field to set it custom. So, in here, if I click add a field, we can just set I click add a field, we can just set I click add a field, we can just set this to whatever we'd like. And I can this to whatever we'd like. And I can this to whatever we'd like. And I can just type just type just type your text. Can name that whatever. your text. Can name that whatever. your text. Can name that whatever. Doesn't have to be that, of course. And Doesn't have to be that, of course. And Doesn't have to be that, of course. And then we can jump into our Telegram then we can jump into our Telegram then we can jump into our Telegram trigger and then just grab the text. And trigger and then just grab the text. And trigger and then just grab the text. And because we didn't run that previously, because we didn't run that previously, because we didn't run that previously, we will just need to run it again. So, we will just need to run it again. So, we will just need to run it again. So, hit execute workflow, jump to Telegram, hit execute workflow, jump to Telegram, hit execute workflow, jump to Telegram, type hello there, send it through. type hello there, send it through. type hello there, send it through. That's come through, edit fields, and That's come through, edit fields, and That's come through, edit fields, and now we can reference it. So, that is now we can reference it. So, that is now we can reference it. So, that is going to be equal to this text. Uh, and going to be equal to this text. Uh, and going to be equal to this text. Uh, and that's pretty much good to go. So, the that's pretty much good to go. So, the that's pretty much good to go. So, the next thing that we're going to do is next thing that we're going to do is next thing that we're going to do is build out our AI agent. This is going to build out our AI agent. This is going to build out our AI agent. This is going to be the main AI agent, the sort of be the main AI agent, the sort of be the main AI agent, the sort of central one that connects into all of central one that connects into all of central one that connects into all of our other connections. And this is our other connections. And this is our other connections. And this is what's going to be communicating back what's going to be communicating back what's going to be communicating back and forth with us as a user. So, just and forth with us as a user. So, just and forth with us as a user. So, just clicking in the top right, we're going clicking in the top right, we're going clicking in the top right, we're going to jump into the AI step, of course, and to jump into the AI step, of course, and to jump into the AI step, of course, and click into AI agent. Putting this on the click into AI agent. Putting this on the click into AI agent. Putting this on the page, we're going to plug this into our page, we're going to plug this into our page, we're going to plug this into our agent. And we're going to plug this flow agent. And we're going to plug this flow agent. And we're going to plug this flow into our agent as well. I'm going to into our agent as well. I'm going to into our agent as well. I'm going to click on the agent. I'm going to hit click on the agent. I'm going to hit click on the agent. I'm going to hit spacebar, and I'm going to rename this spacebar, and I'm going to rename this spacebar, and I'm going to rename this the personal assistant AI agent. Don't the personal assistant AI agent. Don't the personal assistant AI agent. Don't need to do that, of course, but it's need to do that, of course, but it's need to do that, of course, but it's good to to get some naming convention. good to to get some naming convention. good to to get some naming convention. And then I'm going to set up a couple of And then I'm going to set up a couple of And then I'm going to set up a couple of the default basic settings for an AI the default basic settings for an AI the default basic settings for an AI agent. So, obviously adding in our chat agent. So, obviously adding in our chat agent. So, obviously adding in our chat model. I'm going to add in Open Router. model. I'm going to add in Open Router. model. I'm going to add in Open Router. This gives us access to a bunch of This gives us access to a bunch of This gives us access to a bunch of different AI models. Makes it super easy different AI models. Makes it super easy different AI models. Makes it super easy to connect to. I've just selected GPT to connect to. I've just selected GPT to connect to. I've just selected GPT 4.1 Mini, but depending on the 4.1 Mini, but depending on the 4.1 Mini, but depending on the complexity of your use case, you might complexity of your use case, you might complexity of your use case, you might want to use a more intelligent, more want to use a more intelligent, more want to use a more intelligent, more expensive model, a slower model, or a expensive model, a slower model, or a expensive model, a slower model, or a quicker model. But otherwise, we're just quicker model. But otherwise, we're just quicker model. But otherwise, we're just going to do this for now. I'll jump into going to do this for now. I'll jump into going to do this for now. I'll jump into memory. I'm just going to click on the memory. I'm just going to click on the memory. I'm just going to click on the simple memory from NN. We don't have to simple memory from NN. We don't have to simple memory from NN. We don't have to do anything too crazy at the moment for do anything too crazy at the moment for do anything too crazy at the moment for our memory. if we do have some more our memory. if we do have some more our memory. if we do have some more complex requirements and we want to complex requirements and we want to complex requirements and we want to store data and just do it better. store data and just do it better. store data and just do it better. Obviously, we can use some of the other Obviously, we can use some of the other Obviously, we can use some of the other memory tools, but we're just going to memory tools, but we're just going to memory tools, but we're just going to use simple memory for now. And because use simple memory for now. And because use simple memory for now. And because we aren't using the chat trigger node, we aren't using the chat trigger node, we aren't using the chat trigger node, default and then will always put the default and then will always put the default and then will always put the connected chat trigger node to our connected chat trigger node to our connected chat trigger node to our memory. This is not correct. We need to memory. This is not correct. We need to memory. This is not correct. We need to change this to defined below and then change this to defined below and then change this to defined below and then just add in our own key here. So, this just add in our own key here. So, this just add in our own key here. So, this key is just determining which key is just determining which key is just determining which conversation this bit of memory is conversation this bit of memory is conversation this bit of memory is relevant to. We can just type in relevant to. We can just type in relevant to. We can just type in whatever we'd like here. In my case, I whatever we'd like here. In my case, I whatever we'd like here. In my case, I do want it to have context on all of the do want it to have context on all of the do want it to have context on all of the conversations that I've had with it in conversations that I've had with it in conversations that I've had with it in the past so that it can reference that the past so that it can reference that the past so that it can reference that conversational history and then maybe conversational history and then maybe conversational history and then maybe make some smarter decisions based on it. make some smarter decisions based on it. make some smarter decisions based on it. And I could grab this from ID right And I could grab this from ID right And I could grab this from ID right here, which is related to my own here, which is related to my own here, which is related to my own Telegram account. So, if I grab this ID, Telegram account. So, if I grab this ID, Telegram account. So, if I grab this ID, it just means that every conversation it just means that every conversation it just means that every conversation that I have with it, all of that memory that I have with it, all of that memory that I have with it, all of that memory is going to be associated with a line is going to be associated with a line is going to be associated with a line that is relevant to my own Telegram that is relevant to my own Telegram that is relevant to my own Telegram account. So no matter what, whenever we account. So no matter what, whenever we account. So no matter what, whenever we message this thing, it is going to message this thing, it is going to message this thing, it is going to remember us and it's going to be able to remember us and it's going to be able to remember us and it's going to be able to reference that past chat history. Next, reference that past chat history. Next, reference that past chat history. Next, we have to configure our tools. Now, we have to configure our tools. Now, we have to configure our tools. Now, I'll jump back into this in just a I'll jump back into this in just a I'll jump back into this in just a second. I will complete the entire flow second. I will complete the entire flow second. I will complete the entire flow and then jump back into the tools. and then jump back into the tools. and then jump back into the tools. Obviously, the tools are going to be the Obviously, the tools are going to be the Obviously, the tools are going to be the main juice, the main part of this entire main juice, the main part of this entire main juice, the main part of this entire agent setup. This system is going to be agent setup. This system is going to be agent setup. This system is going to be a multi- aent system. So, I'm not just a multi- aent system. So, I'm not just a multi- aent system. So, I'm not just going to be building out some workflows going to be building out some workflows going to be building out some workflows to communicate with, but we're going to to communicate with, but we're going to to communicate with, but we're going to be building out other agents in other be building out other agents in other be building out other agents in other flows and workflows that we're going to flows and workflows that we're going to flows and workflows that we're going to call to, as you saw in the demo. Uh, and call to, as you saw in the demo. Uh, and call to, as you saw in the demo. Uh, and we're going to be able to do that all we're going to be able to do that all we're going to be able to do that all from the tool call. So, just to complete from the tool call. So, just to complete from the tool call. So, just to complete this right now, I'm going to hit the this right now, I'm going to hit the this right now, I'm going to hit the plus button at the end of our AI agent plus button at the end of our AI agent plus button at the end of our AI agent step right here. I'm going to jump back step right here. I'm going to jump back step right here. I'm going to jump back into the Telegram module. I'm just going into the Telegram module. I'm just going into the Telegram module. I'm just going to type in message right here. We got a to type in message right here. We got a to type in message right here. We got a few different options. We just want to few different options. We just want to few different options. We just want to select send a text message. There's a select send a text message. There's a select send a text message. There's a couple of fields that we'll need to fill couple of fields that we'll need to fill couple of fields that we'll need to fill out in the send a text message with the out in the send a text message with the out in the send a text message with the chat ID and the text. Obviously, the chat ID and the text. Obviously, the chat ID and the text. Obviously, the chat ID is referring to the specific chat ID is referring to the specific chat ID is referring to the specific conversation that we want to be sending conversation that we want to be sending conversation that we want to be sending this message into. So, we can reference this message into. So, we can reference this message into. So, we can reference that from the first Telegram node right that from the first Telegram node right that from the first Telegram node right here. So, I'll just rerun this. I'm here. So, I'll just rerun this. I'm here. So, I'll just rerun this. I'm going to delete this flow right here and going to delete this flow right here and going to delete this flow right here and hit execute workflow. I'll just jump in hit execute workflow. I'll just jump in hit execute workflow. I'll just jump in and send it a message and see if we can and send it a message and see if we can and send it a message and see if we can get that to go through. Looks like our get that to go through. Looks like our get that to go through. Looks like our agent failed here because we didn't give agent failed here because we didn't give agent failed here because we didn't give it a prompt. So, I would recommend just it a prompt. So, I would recommend just it a prompt. So, I would recommend just giving it a very basic prompt right giving it a very basic prompt right giving it a very basic prompt right away. So, this is going to be defined away. So, this is going to be defined away. So, this is going to be defined below. I'm just going to say hello and below. I'm just going to say hello and below. I'm just going to say hello and AI. Obviously, that's the the world's AI. Obviously, that's the the world's AI. Obviously, that's the the world's worst prompt. Uh, but just to get it to worst prompt. Uh, but just to get it to worst prompt. Uh, but just to get it to work, I'm going to put that in there. work, I'm going to put that in there. work, I'm going to put that in there. We'll just connect this. And then just We'll just connect this. And then just We'll just connect this. And then just to make sure that it works, I'm just to make sure that it works, I'm just to make sure that it works, I'm just going to connect this to our Telegram going to connect this to our Telegram going to connect this to our Telegram step and just type in a random ID and step and just type in a random ID and step and just type in a random ID and some random text. Hit execute workflow, some random text. Hit execute workflow, some random text. Hit execute workflow, jump into Telegram, send it a message jump into Telegram, send it a message jump into Telegram, send it a message should come all the way through. And should come all the way through. And should come all the way through. And then we can now reference the proper then we can now reference the proper then we can now reference the proper data. So if I get rid of this chat ID, data. So if I get rid of this chat ID, data. So if I get rid of this chat ID, Telegram trigger, we should see a chat Telegram trigger, we should see a chat Telegram trigger, we should see a chat ID, which is this one under chat. Put ID, which is this one under chat. Put ID, which is this one under chat. Put that in there. And then the text is that in there. And then the text is that in there. And then the text is going to come from our personal going to come from our personal going to come from our personal assistant AI agent, which is going to be assistant AI agent, which is going to be assistant AI agent, which is going to be the output. So cool. That's good to go. the output. So cool. That's good to go. the output. So cool. That's good to go. Okay, I can hit execute step and it Okay, I can hit execute step and it Okay, I can hit execute step and it should come through on Telegram. Oh, so should come through on Telegram. Oh, so should come through on Telegram. Oh, so that didn't work. That's just because my that didn't work. That's just because my that didn't work. That's just because my credential is actually on the wrong one. credential is actually on the wrong one. credential is actually on the wrong one. I'm going to swap it over to the one I'm going to swap it over to the one I'm going to swap it over to the one that I just created. Execute step and that I just created. Execute step and that I just created. Execute step and that has just come through. So, here we that has just come through. So, here we that has just come through. So, here we go. Hello. Yes, I am an AI. How can I go. Hello. Yes, I am an AI. How can I go. Hello. Yes, I am an AI. How can I assist you today? You'll see that assist you today? You'll see that assist you today? You'll see that actually has a bit of sort of a actually has a bit of sort of a actually has a bit of sort of a watermark at the bottom. This message watermark at the bottom. This message watermark at the bottom. This message was sent automatically with NN. We can was sent automatically with NN. We can was sent automatically with NN. We can get rid of that by going to the bottom get rid of that by going to the bottom get rid of that by going to the bottom here, click add field, and then go to here, click add field, and then go to here, click add field, and then go to append n attribution. Click that and append n attribution. Click that and append n attribution. Click that and turn it off if we don't want it. So, at turn it off if we don't want it. So, at turn it off if we don't want it. So, at this point, we can hit save. We this point, we can hit save. We this point, we can hit save. We obviously don't want to lose it at this obviously don't want to lose it at this obviously don't want to lose it at this point, but we're going to be now point, but we're going to be now point, but we're going to be now building out our tools, building out the building out our tools, building out the building out our tools, building out the main juice of this particular agent, so main juice of this particular agent, so main juice of this particular agent, so we can start to communicate with real we can start to communicate with real we can start to communicate with real tools, get some real value out of it, tools, get some real value out of it, tools, get some real value out of it, and have them all talk to each other. and have them all talk to each other. and have them all talk to each other. So, this can literally be my own So, this can literally be my own So, this can literally be my own personal assistant AI agent. So, the personal assistant AI agent. So, the personal assistant AI agent. So, the first two areas that I want to cover, as first two areas that I want to cover, as first two areas that I want to cover, as you saw in the demo, will be an email you saw in the demo, will be an email you saw in the demo, will be an email function so that I can tell our agent to function so that I can tell our agent to function so that I can tell our agent to send emails off, draft emails, do send emails off, draft emails, do send emails off, draft emails, do whatever I would like it to related to whatever I would like it to related to whatever I would like it to related to my Gmail inbox. I want it to be able to my Gmail inbox. I want it to be able to my Gmail inbox. I want it to be able to handle that. Second to that, we're going handle that. Second to that, we're going handle that. Second to that, we're going to be doing a full-on Google calendar to be doing a full-on Google calendar to be doing a full-on Google calendar integration. So, if I want to create integration. So, if I want to create integration. So, if I want to create events, delete events, reschedule events, delete events, reschedule events, delete events, reschedule events, I am going to give it the events, I am going to give it the events, I am going to give it the full-on capability to do all of that, full-on capability to do all of that, full-on capability to do all of that, and it is going to be able to really all and it is going to be able to really all and it is going to be able to really all respond to each other. So, jumping over respond to each other. So, jumping over respond to each other. So, jumping over into a brand new NN workflow, we're into a brand new NN workflow, we're into a brand new NN workflow, we're going to go ahead and build out the going to go ahead and build out the going to go ahead and build out the email agent that we're going to connect email agent that we're going to connect email agent that we're going to connect into our personal assistant agent. So, into our personal assistant agent. So, into our personal assistant agent. So, the first thing that I'm going to do is the first thing that I'm going to do is the first thing that I'm going to do is click on add a first step, of course, click on add a first step, of course, click on add a first step, of course, and I'm going to add in a trigger to and I'm going to add in a trigger to and I'm going to add in a trigger to trigger it from a different workflow. So trigger it from a different workflow. So trigger it from a different workflow. So you can see here on the triggers when you can see here on the triggers when you can see here on the triggers when executed by another workflow. So if I executed by another workflow. So if I executed by another workflow. So if I click on this, this is going to allow us click on this, this is going to allow us click on this, this is going to allow us to get all the settings necessary in to get all the settings necessary in to get all the settings necessary in order to call it essentially as its own order to call it essentially as its own order to call it essentially as its own tool, but still being its own obviously tool, but still being its own obviously tool, but still being its own obviously a workflow and an agent that can do its a workflow and an agent that can do its a workflow and an agent that can do its own reasoning and tool calling, although own reasoning and tool calling, although own reasoning and tool calling, although it's all going to happen based on what it's all going to happen based on what it's all going to happen based on what our other agent says. Hopefully that our other agent says. Hopefully that our other agent says. Hopefully that made sense. I'm going to go ahead and made sense. I'm going to go ahead and made sense. I'm going to go ahead and just rename this agent at the top here just rename this agent at the top here just rename this agent at the top here to our AI email agent-personal to our AI email agent-personal to our AI email agent-personal assistant. This can be named whatever assistant. This can be named whatever assistant. This can be named whatever you want of course, but do make sure to you want of course, but do make sure to you want of course, but do make sure to name it as we're going to come back into name it as we're going to come back into name it as we're going to come back into our main flow here. We're going to click our main flow here. We're going to click our main flow here. We're going to click onto the tool here and we're going to go onto the tool here and we're going to go onto the tool here and we're going to go into the call and then workflow tool. If into the call and then workflow tool. If into the call and then workflow tool. If I click into this, we're going to get I click into this, we're going to get I click into this, we're going to get these settings here, namely the workflow these settings here, namely the workflow these settings here, namely the workflow at the bottom here. If I click choose, at the bottom here. If I click choose, at the bottom here. If I click choose, you're going to see a bunch of agents you're going to see a bunch of agents you're going to see a bunch of agents and workflows pop up from your existing and workflows pop up from your existing and workflows pop up from your existing Naden account. And from this, we can Naden account. And from this, we can Naden account. And from this, we can just select the AI email agent personal just select the AI email agent personal just select the AI email agent personal assistant that I just created. And now assistant that I just created. And now assistant that I just created. And now we are able to access that agent we are able to access that agent we are able to access that agent directly from a tool call, which is directly from a tool call, which is directly from a tool call, which is pretty awesome that we're able to do pretty awesome that we're able to do pretty awesome that we're able to do that. And it's so easy to do it as well. that. And it's so easy to do it as well. that. And it's so easy to do it as well. If you'd like, we can rename this by If you'd like, we can rename this by If you'd like, we can rename this by clicking the space bar once again. And clicking the space bar once again. And clicking the space bar once again. And I'm probably just going to call this the I'm probably just going to call this the I'm probably just going to call this the email agent. So that's good to go. We've email agent. So that's good to go. We've email agent. So that's good to go. We've got the email agent here. We can jump got the email agent here. We can jump got the email agent here. We can jump back into this flow and we can build out back into this flow and we can build out back into this flow and we can build out everything necessary for our email everything necessary for our email everything necessary for our email agent. So the first thing that I'm going agent. So the first thing that I'm going agent. So the first thing that I'm going to do is just jump into this when to do is just jump into this when to do is just jump into this when executed by another workflow step. And executed by another workflow step. And executed by another workflow step. And I'm going to create a field. And this I'm going to create a field. And this I'm going to create a field. And this field is going to be relevant to the field is going to be relevant to the field is going to be relevant to the types of data that we want to send into types of data that we want to send into types of data that we want to send into our email agent. So on our first agent our email agent. So on our first agent our email agent. So on our first agent here, we are going to be obviously here, we are going to be obviously here, we are going to be obviously sending messages to it. And we're going sending messages to it. And we're going sending messages to it. And we're going to have our personal assistant agent to have our personal assistant agent to have our personal assistant agent talking back and forth with us, trying talking back and forth with us, trying talking back and forth with us, trying to determine what we want to do. And to determine what we want to do. And to determine what we want to do. And then it's going to send a message off to then it's going to send a message off to then it's going to send a message off to our email agent essentially commanding our email agent essentially commanding our email agent essentially commanding it to do something specifically related it to do something specifically related it to do something specifically related to emails. And so because our agent is to emails. And so because our agent is to emails. And so because our agent is going to be handling this, it's likely going to be handling this, it's likely going to be handling this, it's likely going to be a message generated by the going to be a message generated by the going to be a message generated by the agent. So I'm not exactly sure what it's agent. So I'm not exactly sure what it's agent. So I'm not exactly sure what it's going to tell our email agent to do. going to tell our email agent to do. going to tell our email agent to do. It's going to be some sort of request to It's going to be some sort of request to It's going to be some sort of request to send an email or do something related to send an email or do something related to send an email or do something related to emails. And so all that I'm going to do emails. And so all that I'm going to do emails. And so all that I'm going to do is jump into this and I'm going to is jump into this and I'm going to is jump into this and I'm going to create a field called request. And so create a field called request. And so create a field called request. And so it's going to be for our AI to it's going to be for our AI to it's going to be for our AI to understand. And so this is just going to understand. And so this is just going to understand. And so this is just going to allow us to accept one sort of string, a allow us to accept one sort of string, a allow us to accept one sort of string, a big text message for our request to then big text message for our request to then big text message for our request to then be used within our next workflow. And so be used within our next workflow. And so be used within our next workflow. And so I've added in this variable here. Once I've added in this variable here. Once I've added in this variable here. Once you've done that, you'll see that the you've done that, you'll see that the you've done that, you'll see that the error goes away. We can jump into our error goes away. We can jump into our error goes away. We can jump into our email agent tool, making sure to hit the email agent tool, making sure to hit the email agent tool, making sure to hit the save button up here. And then if we come save button up here. And then if we come save button up here. And then if we come back to this agent, jump into our our back to this agent, jump into our our back to this agent, jump into our our email agent tool call, you'll see that email agent tool call, you'll see that email agent tool call, you'll see that the workflow input populates a new tab the workflow input populates a new tab the workflow input populates a new tab or a new box at the bottom here where we or a new box at the bottom here where we or a new box at the bottom here where we can put in our request. I'm just going can put in our request. I'm just going can put in our request. I'm just going to click on this let the model define to click on this let the model define to click on this let the model define the parameter. That just means the AI the parameter. That just means the AI the parameter. That just means the AI itself is going to determine what that itself is going to determine what that itself is going to determine what that request is going to be for our email request is going to be for our email request is going to be for our email agent. So that's good to go. We're now agent. So that's good to go. We're now agent. So that's good to go. We're now going to be calling this workflow for going to be calling this workflow for going to be calling this workflow for our email agent. And I'm going to very our email agent. And I'm going to very our email agent. And I'm going to very simply just add in our email agent. Once simply just add in our email agent. Once simply just add in our email agent. Once again, it's not going to be connected to again, it's not going to be connected to again, it's not going to be connected to a chat trigger node. Obviously, we're a chat trigger node. Obviously, we're a chat trigger node. Obviously, we're going to do define below. And then what going to do define below. And then what going to do define below. And then what we can do is execute previous nodes. We we can do is execute previous nodes. We we can do is execute previous nodes. We are probably going to have to run the are probably going to have to run the are probably going to have to run the workflow entirely to get that variable workflow entirely to get that variable workflow entirely to get that variable to come through. Although, we're just to come through. Although, we're just to come through. Although, we're just going to be putting the request that going to be putting the request that going to be putting the request that comes from the previous agent into our comes from the previous agent into our comes from the previous agent into our prompt for our email agent. So, what I prompt for our email agent. So, what I prompt for our email agent. So, what I might do is send a message off to might do is send a message off to might do is send a message off to Telegram telling it to send an email. Telegram telling it to send an email. Telegram telling it to send an email. And hopefully, it's got enough context And hopefully, it's got enough context And hopefully, it's got enough context from the name there to to actually run from the name there to to actually run from the name there to to actually run that tool call. So, send an email to to that tool call. So, send an email to to that tool call. So, send an email to to Greg. And then, oh, we didn't hit Greg. And then, oh, we didn't hit Greg. And then, oh, we didn't hit execute workflow. So, make sure to do execute workflow. So, make sure to do execute workflow. So, make sure to do that. Uh, looks like it's coming through that. Uh, looks like it's coming through that. Uh, looks like it's coming through now. And there we go. Okay. So, it now. And there we go. Okay. So, it now. And there we go. Okay. So, it doesn't look like our tool call was doesn't look like our tool call was doesn't look like our tool call was actually ran in this case. So, it looks actually ran in this case. So, it looks actually ran in this case. So, it looks like we will need to do a little bit of like we will need to do a little bit of like we will need to do a little bit of prompting. So, I'm going to tell it, prompting. So, I'm going to tell it, prompting. So, I'm going to tell it, please use our please use the email tool please use our please use the email tool please use our please use the email tool when the user requests requests it. So, when the user requests requests it. So, when the user requests requests it. So, once again, world's worst prompt, once again, world's worst prompt, once again, world's worst prompt, although we're going to be coming back although we're going to be coming back although we're going to be coming back and and doing a better job there. And and and doing a better job there. And and and doing a better job there. And then we're going to type call this call then we're going to type call this call then we're going to type call this call this tool when we need to do anything this tool when we need to do anything this tool when we need to do anything with emails. So the description here is with emails. So the description here is with emails. So the description here is used specifically for our agent to used specifically for our agent to used specifically for our agent to understand when it should be using this understand when it should be using this understand when it should be using this tool. And the prompt up here is the main tool. And the prompt up here is the main tool. And the prompt up here is the main system message prompt that we're going system message prompt that we're going system message prompt that we're going to be using to shape the conversation to be using to shape the conversation to be using to shape the conversation and to really give context to our main and to really give context to our main and to really give context to our main agent as to what its purpose is overall. agent as to what its purpose is overall. agent as to what its purpose is overall. So I'll give that a go. I'm going to hit So I'll give that a go. I'm going to hit So I'll give that a go. I'm going to hit execute workflow. Please send an email execute workflow. Please send an email execute workflow. Please send an email to Greg. See if that goes through. to Greg. See if that goes through. to Greg. See if that goes through. Running again. And it hasn't hit our Running again. And it hasn't hit our Running again. And it hasn't hit our tool call still. That's a bit annoying. tool call still. That's a bit annoying. tool call still. That's a bit annoying. I'll try add some better prompt I'll try add some better prompt I'll try add some better prompt conditioning here. And so the reason conditioning here. And so the reason conditioning here. And so the reason that it's actually throwing up this that it's actually throwing up this that it's actually throwing up this error that I just realized is that we're error that I just realized is that we're error that I just realized is that we're actually not referencing any of the text actually not referencing any of the text actually not referencing any of the text and messages that are coming through and messages that are coming through and messages that are coming through from my messages in Telegram for this from my messages in Telegram for this from my messages in Telegram for this agent. This agent's actually got no agent. This agent's actually got no agent. This agent's actually got no context as to what I'm even saying in context as to what I'm even saying in context as to what I'm even saying in the first place. Uh which I should have the first place. Uh which I should have the first place. Uh which I should have assumed. But what we can do is just add assumed. But what we can do is just add assumed. But what we can do is just add our system message in the options here. our system message in the options here. our system message in the options here. We could probably take this as our We could probably take this as our We could probably take this as our system prompt and just paste it down system prompt and just paste it down system prompt and just paste it down here. The system message is more to do here. The system message is more to do here. The system message is more to do with the actual structure as to how our with the actual structure as to how our with the actual structure as to how our agent works and responds. So the system agent works and responds. So the system agent works and responds. So the system message is best to have that type of message is best to have that type of message is best to have that type of context. And our user message is going context. And our user message is going context. And our user message is going to be the the user message of course. So to be the the user message of course. So to be the the user message of course. So pretty straightforward. We'll grab the pretty straightforward. We'll grab the pretty straightforward. We'll grab the telegram text and put it in here because telegram text and put it in here because telegram text and put it in here because we are also going to be using the the we are also going to be using the the we are also going to be using the the transcriber recording to do the voices transcriber recording to do the voices transcriber recording to do the voices as well. We would want to put that as well. We would want to put that as well. We would want to put that variable in here so we can listen to our variable in here so we can listen to our variable in here so we can listen to our voice recordings as well. But just for voice recordings as well. But just for voice recordings as well. But just for the purpose of this demo, I'll hit save the purpose of this demo, I'll hit save the purpose of this demo, I'll hit save or hit execute workflow and that should or hit execute workflow and that should or hit execute workflow and that should be good to go. So, please send an email be good to go. So, please send an email be good to go. So, please send an email to Greg. And that should hopefully run to Greg. And that should hopefully run to Greg. And that should hopefully run that tool call. And it still hasn't run that tool call. And it still hasn't run that tool call. And it still hasn't run the tool call. And if I jump into here, the tool call. And if I jump into here, the tool call. And if I jump into here, it says, could you please provide me it says, could you please provide me it says, could you please provide me with content on the email you would like with content on the email you would like with content on the email you would like to send to Greg? So, it's kind of to send to Greg? So, it's kind of to send to Greg? So, it's kind of getting a little bit in depth already getting a little bit in depth already getting a little bit in depth already here, even with practically no here, even with practically no here, even with practically no prompting. So, I'm just going to tell it prompting. So, I'm just going to tell it prompting. So, I'm just going to tell it um tell Greg to make my lunch. Greg Greg um tell Greg to make my lunch. Greg Greg um tell Greg to make my lunch. Greg Greg atinflate. Agency. We'll see if that atinflate. Agency. We'll see if that atinflate. Agency. We'll see if that works. Execute workflow once again. get works. Execute workflow once again. get works. Execute workflow once again. get that email through and hopefully it that email through and hopefully it that email through and hopefully it there we go. Okay, it's called it. It there we go. Okay, it's called it. It there we go. Okay, it's called it. It was being a bit restrictive there, but was being a bit restrictive there, but was being a bit restrictive there, but if I jump back over to our email agent, if I jump back over to our email agent, if I jump back over to our email agent, you can see that it's actually tried to you can see that it's actually tried to you can see that it's actually tried to run it again. Jump into here. Hit run it again. Jump into here. Hit run it again. Jump into here. Hit execute previous note. Click into our execute previous note. Click into our execute previous note. Click into our editor and I'm just going to run this editor and I'm just going to run this editor and I'm just going to run this one more time. I'm going to tell it to one more time. I'm going to tell it to one more time. I'm going to tell it to please send that again. That should please send that again. That should please send that again. That should hopefully hit our email agent. We're hopefully hit our email agent. We're hopefully hit our email agent. We're going to execute workflow here. That's going to execute workflow here. That's going to execute workflow here. That's now come through uh directly from our now come through uh directly from our now come through uh directly from our tool call, which is awesome. And I can tool call, which is awesome. And I can tool call, which is awesome. And I can now put our agent back in once again. now put our agent back in once again. now put our agent back in once again. So, we can actually reference that. So, So, we can actually reference that. So, So, we can actually reference that. So, in our agent, you'll see we've got the in our agent, you'll see we've got the in our agent, you'll see we've got the request type. It says null right here. request type. It says null right here. request type. It says null right here. Although, for whatever reason, it just Although, for whatever reason, it just Although, for whatever reason, it just isn't actually referencing what it isn't actually referencing what it isn't actually referencing what it actually says. This is working, though, actually says. This is working, though, actually says. This is working, though, so we don't have to worry about that. so we don't have to worry about that. so we don't have to worry about that. Click define below. We can put the Click define below. We can put the Click define below. We can put the request in the user message. And this request in the user message. And this request in the user message. And this agent is ready to go. So, I'll go ahead agent is ready to go. So, I'll go ahead agent is ready to go. So, I'll go ahead and build out this email agent. I'm and build out this email agent. I'm and build out this email agent. I'm going to rename this the email agent for going to rename this the email agent for going to rename this the email agent for for naming sake. And I'm going to add a for naming sake. And I'm going to add a for naming sake. And I'm going to add a chat model for open router, of course. chat model for open router, of course. chat model for open router, of course. Going to add this as my account. And Going to add this as my account. And Going to add this as my account. And click on memory. Simple memory. Once click on memory. Simple memory. Once click on memory. Simple memory. Once again, this is going to be referencing again, this is going to be referencing again, this is going to be referencing the actual key from before. So maybe the actual key from before. So maybe the actual key from before. So maybe that is something that we want to bring that is something that we want to bring that is something that we want to bring through from the other agent step. I'm through from the other agent step. I'm through from the other agent step. I'm just going to add a new field here at just going to add a new field here at just going to add a new field here at the start. And we just want to bring the start. And we just want to bring the start. And we just want to bring through the Telegram ID that's through the Telegram ID that's through the Telegram ID that's associated with myself as a Telegram associated with myself as a Telegram associated with myself as a Telegram user. So we can actually store that in user. So we can actually store that in user. So we can actually store that in the memory. So the agent just has a the memory. So the agent just has a the memory. So the agent just has a little bit more context and the the little bit more context and the the little bit more context and the the responses and output from it are just responses and output from it are just responses and output from it are just that bit better. So I've got the that bit better. So I've got the that bit better. So I've got the Telegram ID. I'll exit out of this. Hit Telegram ID. I'll exit out of this. Hit Telegram ID. I'll exit out of this. Hit the save button. Jump back over here. the save button. Jump back over here. the save button. Jump back over here. Email agent. This should populate in a Email agent. This should populate in a Email agent. This should populate in a second. I'll hit refresh Telegram ID. second. I'll hit refresh Telegram ID. second. I'll hit refresh Telegram ID. Perfect. We'll click on mapping and then Perfect. We'll click on mapping and then Perfect. We'll click on mapping and then we'll scroll down to where we can get we'll scroll down to where we can get we'll scroll down to where we can get the from ID. So cool. We'll drag and the from ID. So cool. We'll drag and the from ID. So cool. We'll drag and drop that in there. And now we can drop that in there. And now we can drop that in there. And now we can essentially be sending that off to our essentially be sending that off to our essentially be sending that off to our other agent. And so once that populates other agent. And so once that populates other agent. And so once that populates here, our email agent should have here, our email agent should have here, our email agent should have context of that. We'll have to run it context of that. We'll have to run it context of that. We'll have to run it once again to get that value through. once again to get that value through. once again to get that value through. But we can use this as our memory. So But we can use this as our memory. So But we can use this as our memory. So I'll quickly just run this and see if we I'll quickly just run this and see if we I'll quickly just run this and see if we can get that to work. So I'm going to can get that to work. So I'm going to can get that to work. So I'm going to hit save and then I am going to run this hit save and then I am going to run this hit save and then I am going to run this once again. I'm going to send it a once again. I'm going to send it a once again. I'm going to send it a message. execute workflow. Um, please message. execute workflow. Um, please message. execute workflow. Um, please try again. Greg's going to be getting a try again. Greg's going to be getting a try again. Greg's going to be getting a lot of emails here. Email agent should lot of emails here. Email agent should lot of emails here. Email agent should hopefully trigger. Looks like an error hopefully trigger. Looks like an error hopefully trigger. Looks like an error probably because of that value. So, probably because of that value. So, probably because of that value. So, we'll click into here. There was an uh we'll click into here. There was an uh we'll click into here. There was an uh there was an error in the sub node of there was an error in the sub node of there was an error in the sub node of simple memory. So, I do know what that's simple memory. So, I do know what that's simple memory. So, I do know what that's referring to. It's referring to this referring to. It's referring to this referring to. It's referring to this having failed. So, what I might do is having failed. So, what I might do is having failed. So, what I might do is just disconnect this completely at the just disconnect this completely at the just disconnect this completely at the moment. I'll hit save. I'm going to moment. I'll hit save. I'm going to moment. I'll hit save. I'm going to delete the memory just so it doesn't delete the memory just so it doesn't delete the memory just so it doesn't throw up an error. I'm going to hit save throw up an error. I'm going to hit save throw up an error. I'm going to hit save once again. Execute workflow here. Tell once again. Execute workflow here. Tell once again. Execute workflow here. Tell it to try again. And then that should go it to try again. And then that should go it to try again. And then that should go through and we can use it as a value um through and we can use it as a value um through and we can use it as a value um in our flow. So that just ran through in our flow. So that just ran through in our flow. So that just ran through and that should be good to go. And we and that should be good to go. And we and that should be good to go. And we saw it come through on here as well. So saw it come through on here as well. So saw it come through on here as well. So I can jump into add memory again. Delete I can jump into add memory again. Delete I can jump into add memory again. Delete this define parameter and then put the this define parameter and then put the this define parameter and then put the telegram ID. So hopefully that makes telegram ID. So hopefully that makes telegram ID. So hopefully that makes sense. We're just referencing that sense. We're just referencing that sense. We're just referencing that telegram ID as our memory once again. telegram ID as our memory once again. telegram ID as our memory once again. Exactly how we did it on on the first Exactly how we did it on on the first Exactly how we did it on on the first agent here. So we've got context across agent here. So we've got context across agent here. So we've got context across all of our agents and the conversational all of our agents and the conversational all of our agents and the conversational chat history is exactly the same. So, chat history is exactly the same. So, chat history is exactly the same. So, jumping into the fun stuff, we're going jumping into the fun stuff, we're going jumping into the fun stuff, we're going to now add some tools that are relevant to now add some tools that are relevant to now add some tools that are relevant to the email agent. And namely, I'm just to the email agent. And namely, I'm just to the email agent. And namely, I'm just going to be using the Gmail tool to do going to be using the Gmail tool to do going to be using the Gmail tool to do this. So, it's a pretty easy thing to this. So, it's a pretty easy thing to this. So, it's a pretty easy thing to get set up and running. And there's a get set up and running. And there's a get set up and running. And there's a lot of different tools that Naden has lot of different tools that Naden has lot of different tools that Naden has natively integrated in order to to talk natively integrated in order to to talk natively integrated in order to to talk to Gmail in many different ways. There's to Gmail in many different ways. There's to Gmail in many different ways. There's other modules as well like Outlook and other modules as well like Outlook and other modules as well like Outlook and and other email tool and providers. Uh, and other email tool and providers. Uh, and other email tool and providers. Uh, but this is is pretty easy to get going. but this is is pretty easy to get going. but this is is pretty easy to get going. So, the first thing that I'm going to So, the first thing that I'm going to So, the first thing that I'm going to add to our email tool here is just the add to our email tool here is just the add to our email tool here is just the ability to send emails. So, super basic. ability to send emails. So, super basic. ability to send emails. So, super basic. What I'll do is just add in the send What I'll do is just add in the send What I'll do is just add in the send operation right here. And super simple. operation right here. And super simple. operation right here. And super simple. I'm just going to go ahead and let the I'm just going to go ahead and let the I'm just going to go ahead and let the AI decide exactly what we want to do AI decide exactly what we want to do AI decide exactly what we want to do with the sending of the sending of an with the sending of the sending of an with the sending of the sending of an email. The two field, let it define it. email. The two field, let it define it. email. The two field, let it define it. The subject, it can define it. And the The subject, it can define it. And the The subject, it can define it. And the message, I'm going to let it define it message, I'm going to let it define it message, I'm going to let it define it as well. We're going going full AI here. as well. We're going going full AI here. as well. We're going going full AI here. It is going to be handling everything to It is going to be handling everything to It is going to be handling everything to do with actually sending the email off. do with actually sending the email off. do with actually sending the email off. I'll just rename this to make it a I'll just rename this to make it a I'll just rename this to make it a little bit easier. So, we're going to do little bit easier. So, we're going to do little bit easier. So, we're going to do send a send an email. It's probably the send a send an email. It's probably the send a send an email. It's probably the easiest. The next tool that I'm going to easiest. The next tool that I'm going to easiest. The next tool that I'm going to do is add in not just sending an email, do is add in not just sending an email, do is add in not just sending an email, but actually just creating a draft. I'm but actually just creating a draft. I'm but actually just creating a draft. I'm going to set it up so it's going to be a going to set it up so it's going to be a going to set it up so it's going to be a bit conditional and our agent is going bit conditional and our agent is going bit conditional and our agent is going to determine if an email is high risk to determine if an email is high risk to determine if an email is high risk enough that we probably shouldn't be enough that we probably shouldn't be enough that we probably shouldn't be sending it off as an AI and that we sending it off as an AI and that we sending it off as an AI and that we should be sending it as a draft instead. should be sending it as a draft instead. should be sending it as a draft instead. So it gives us some options that if we So it gives us some options that if we So it gives us some options that if we have to give a client some pricing have to give a client some pricing have to give a client some pricing information, something like that and we information, something like that and we information, something like that and we don't want the AI to have full control don't want the AI to have full control don't want the AI to have full control over that. We've got an option to just over that. We've got an option to just over that. We've got an option to just create a draft rather than just sending create a draft rather than just sending create a draft rather than just sending it off. So this is super easy to do. it off. So this is super easy to do. it off. So this is super easy to do. Just creating a tool, jumping into Just creating a tool, jumping into Just creating a tool, jumping into Gmail, Gmail tool, we'll see resource at Gmail, Gmail tool, we'll see resource at Gmail, Gmail tool, we'll see resource at the top here. We just need to swap that the top here. We just need to swap that the top here. We just need to swap that over to draft. So we're not doing a over to draft. So we're not doing a over to draft. So we're not doing a message in this case. We're not sending message in this case. We're not sending message in this case. We're not sending an email. We're just creating a draft. an email. We're just creating a draft. an email. We're just creating a draft. The operation is going to be create The operation is going to be create The operation is going to be create because we're creating one. And then for because we're creating one. And then for because we're creating one. And then for everything else, we are going to be able everything else, we are going to be able everything else, we are going to be able to just let the AI decide exactly what to just let the AI decide exactly what to just let the AI decide exactly what to fill. So that's good to go. I'm going to fill. So that's good to go. I'm going to fill. So that's good to go. I'm going to rename this to create a draft. And to rename this to create a draft. And to rename this to create a draft. And then lastly, I want to be able to get then lastly, I want to be able to get then lastly, I want to be able to get some emails from my own inbox. So, if I some emails from my own inbox. So, if I some emails from my own inbox. So, if I have a question about an email that I have a question about an email that I have a question about an email that I received at some point or I have a received at some point or I have a received at some point or I have a question about a potential email I may question about a potential email I may question about a potential email I may have received or I'm trying to get have received or I'm trying to get have received or I'm trying to get context, we want to be able to retrieve context, we want to be able to retrieve context, we want to be able to retrieve some emails as well. And this is just as some emails as well. And this is just as some emails as well. And this is just as easy as the rest. Jump into the Gmail easy as the rest. Jump into the Gmail easy as the rest. Jump into the Gmail tool. We're going to be able to change tool. We're going to be able to change tool. We're going to be able to change the operation from send to get many. And the operation from send to get many. And the operation from send to get many. And get many is literally just getting many get many is literally just getting many get many is literally just getting many emails. So, it's going to be getting all emails. So, it's going to be getting all emails. So, it's going to be getting all of the most recent emails for a certain of the most recent emails for a certain of the most recent emails for a certain limit that we set that that we set it limit that we set that that we set it limit that we set that that we set it to. Uh, at the moment, by default, it's to. Uh, at the moment, by default, it's to. Uh, at the moment, by default, it's set to 50, which is quite a lot of set to 50, which is quite a lot of set to 50, which is quite a lot of emails. So, if we're just going to be emails. So, if we're just going to be emails. So, if we're just going to be using this for the recent amount of using this for the recent amount of using this for the recent amount of emails um in our inbox, this should be emails um in our inbox, this should be emails um in our inbox, this should be pretty perfect for that. And then that pretty perfect for that. And then that pretty perfect for that. And then that is good to go. So, I can rename this to is good to go. So, I can rename this to is good to go. So, I can rename this to get get emails from inbox. And now with get get emails from inbox. And now with get get emails from inbox. And now with just these three tools added, we're just these three tools added, we're just these three tools added, we're going to be able to not only send going to be able to not only send going to be able to not only send emails, create drafts if we need to, but emails, create drafts if we need to, but emails, create drafts if we need to, but also get all of the emails from our also get all of the emails from our also get all of the emails from our inbox as well. They can all work inbox as well. They can all work inbox as well. They can all work together. So, it's not just a workflow together. So, it's not just a workflow together. So, it's not just a workflow where one tool is going to get random. where one tool is going to get random. where one tool is going to get random. We can look at our inbox, determine what We can look at our inbox, determine what We can look at our inbox, determine what kind of emails we have in there. Based kind of emails we have in there. Based kind of emails we have in there. Based on that, we can send a draft, we can on that, we can send a draft, we can on that, we can send a draft, we can send an email, we can write up emails send an email, we can write up emails send an email, we can write up emails based on that. Uh, really, whatever we based on that. Uh, really, whatever we based on that. Uh, really, whatever we tell it to do, it will be able to handle tell it to do, it will be able to handle tell it to do, it will be able to handle it. So now, in order to actually respond it. So now, in order to actually respond it. So now, in order to actually respond back to our main agent from this back to our main agent from this back to our main agent from this particular email agent, I'm just going particular email agent, I'm just going particular email agent, I'm just going to do an edit field. So, if we jump into to do an edit field. So, if we jump into to do an edit field. So, if we jump into the end of the step here, we'll type the end of the step here, we'll type the end of the step here, we'll type edit fields. We'll be able to set a edit fields. We'll be able to set a edit fields. We'll be able to set a field that we want to specifically send field that we want to specifically send field that we want to specifically send back to our agent. So, we get a lot of back to our agent. So, we get a lot of back to our agent. So, we get a lot of control over this, but for the most control over this, but for the most control over this, but for the most part, I'm just going to be sending back part, I'm just going to be sending back part, I'm just going to be sending back the AI response uh to our main agent. the AI response uh to our main agent. the AI response uh to our main agent. Once that's added in, we're just going Once that's added in, we're just going Once that's added in, we're just going to create a new field here, and I'm just to create a new field here, and I'm just to create a new field here, and I'm just going to call it response, and that is going to call it response, and that is going to call it response, and that is going to be then read by our main agent going to be then read by our main agent going to be then read by our main agent as the actual response that's coming as the actual response that's coming as the actual response that's coming back. We're going to populate this field back. We're going to populate this field back. We're going to populate this field here with the AI output. We do need to here with the AI output. We do need to here with the AI output. We do need to run it, though, in order to actually get run it, though, in order to actually get run it, though, in order to actually get that field to be able to actually that field to be able to actually that field to be able to actually populate. So, I'll hit save and I'll go populate. So, I'll hit save and I'll go populate. So, I'll hit save and I'll go and try to give this thing a run once and try to give this thing a run once and try to give this thing a run once again. So, I'll hit execute workflow. again. So, I'll hit execute workflow. again. So, I'll hit execute workflow. Try and see if I can get it to send Greg Try and see if I can get it to send Greg Try and see if I can get it to send Greg an email once again. That will get sent an email once again. That will get sent an email once again. That will get sent off. Look at this tool. That should come off. Look at this tool. That should come off. Look at this tool. That should come through. Doesn't look like I've set it through. Doesn't look like I've set it through. Doesn't look like I've set it up enough to actually use it. So, I'm up enough to actually use it. So, I'm up enough to actually use it. So, I'm going to jump into the email agent. So, going to jump into the email agent. So, going to jump into the email agent. So, that ran through perfectly. And what I that ran through perfectly. And what I that ran through perfectly. And what I can do is just hit copy to editor and can do is just hit copy to editor and can do is just hit copy to editor and then we can actually use those values then we can actually use those values then we can actually use those values that that ran through with. So, it hit that that ran through with. So, it hit that that ran through with. So, it hit our email agent. It sent an email off to our email agent. It sent an email off to our email agent. It sent an email off to probably Greg. So, in this case, we can probably Greg. So, in this case, we can probably Greg. So, in this case, we can have a look at this and see what it did. have a look at this and see what it did. have a look at this and see what it did. It sent an email to Greg for a lunch It sent an email to Greg for a lunch It sent an email to Greg for a lunch request. Please make my lunch. great request. Please make my lunch. great request. Please make my lunch. great email format there and that sent it off email format there and that sent it off email format there and that sent it off and then it hit this edit field. We can and then it hit this edit field. We can and then it hit this edit field. We can jump into here and just take the output jump into here and just take the output jump into here and just take the output and drag it in. So we'll hit save and and drag it in. So we'll hit save and and drag it in. So we'll hit save and then jump back to our main agent right then jump back to our main agent right then jump back to our main agent right here. We do need to configure the email here. We do need to configure the email here. We do need to configure the email here to actually get the response back here to actually get the response back here to actually get the response back as well. So that's all good to go. If we as well. So that's all good to go. If we as well. So that's all good to go. If we jump into our email agent, we can jump into our email agent, we can jump into our email agent, we can actually see the response coming back actually see the response coming back actually see the response coming back from the output with the response from from the output with the response from from the output with the response from our email agent as to what actually our email agent as to what actually our email agent as to what actually occurred in the in the last run. Uh, and occurred in the in the last run. Uh, and occurred in the in the last run. Uh, and now we can use that and reference it in now we can use that and reference it in now we can use that and reference it in the text message that is sent off to the the text message that is sent off to the the text message that is sent off to the user on Telegram. So, we're all good to user on Telegram. So, we're all good to user on Telegram. So, we're all good to go now on that connection. I'm now going go now on that connection. I'm now going go now on that connection. I'm now going to do some prompting to make sure that to do some prompting to make sure that to do some prompting to make sure that this system works really well and can this system works really well and can this system works really well and can communicate with all the different tools communicate with all the different tools communicate with all the different tools and it's going to be, you know, actually and it's going to be, you know, actually and it's going to be, you know, actually useful for us. So, if I jump into the useful for us. So, if I jump into the useful for us. So, if I jump into the email agent right here, we can add in a email agent right here, we can add in a email agent right here, we can add in a a main system message. If we click into a main system message. If we click into a main system message. If we click into the options here, and this system the options here, and this system the options here, and this system message will just be pretty much telling message will just be pretty much telling message will just be pretty much telling it that it's specifically an email it that it's specifically an email it that it's specifically an email agent. It's got access to these three agent. It's got access to these three agent. It's got access to these three different types of tools and based on different types of tools and based on different types of tools and based on the user request, use it appropriately. the user request, use it appropriately. the user request, use it appropriately. Use the ones that you think is going to Use the ones that you think is going to Use the ones that you think is going to be most relevant. So, you are an email be most relevant. So, you are an email be most relevant. So, you are an email AI agent. You have access to send an AI agent. You have access to send an AI agent. You have access to send an email, draft an email, and read the email, draft an email, and read the email, draft an email, and read the email inbox. If an inquiry is not very email inbox. If an inquiry is not very email inbox. If an inquiry is not very important or or seems easy to respond important or or seems easy to respond important or or seems easy to respond to, please use the send an email tool. to, please use the send an email tool. to, please use the send an email tool. If an inquiry is critical or seems If an inquiry is critical or seems If an inquiry is critical or seems important, please use the draft an email important, please use the draft an email important, please use the draft an email tool so a team member can respond to it. tool so a team member can respond to it. tool so a team member can respond to it. This is very critical to our business. This is very critical to our business. This is very critical to our business. So, please choose wisely. We'll do a So, please choose wisely. We'll do a So, please choose wisely. We'll do a little bit of emotional prompting there little bit of emotional prompting there little bit of emotional prompting there to make sure that it understands the to make sure that it understands the to make sure that it understands the importance of obviously sending as importance of obviously sending as importance of obviously sending as opposed to drafting. And then at the opposed to drafting. And then at the opposed to drafting. And then at the end, if you need some context on our end, if you need some context on our end, if you need some context on our inbox, please use the get emails tool to inbox, please use the get emails tool to inbox, please use the get emails tool to retrieve the 50 latest emails from the retrieve the 50 latest emails from the retrieve the 50 latest emails from the inbox. So that's should be good enough inbox. So that's should be good enough inbox. So that's should be good enough for a very basic first shot prompt for a very basic first shot prompt for a very basic first shot prompt there. We can also add descriptions for there. We can also add descriptions for there. We can also add descriptions for each of these so that it understands each of these so that it understands each of these so that it understands exactly what, you know, each individual exactly what, you know, each individual exactly what, you know, each individual tool is going to be used for. It's got tool is going to be used for. It's got tool is going to be used for. It's got context for the name of each tool, so it context for the name of each tool, so it context for the name of each tool, so it should do a pretty good job. But we can should do a pretty good job. But we can should do a pretty good job. But we can also add in the tool description at the also add in the tool description at the also add in the tool description at the top here, where you can see it's set top here, where you can see it's set top here, where you can see it's set automatically, but we can set it automatically, but we can set it automatically, but we can set it manually if we'd like as well. Um, manually if we'd like as well. Um, manually if we'd like as well. Um, really don't think we even need to. I really don't think we even need to. I really don't think we even need to. I think it's very, very basic for this use think it's very, very basic for this use think it's very, very basic for this use case. So, to test if this is actually case. So, to test if this is actually case. So, to test if this is actually working, we're going to hit execute working, we're going to hit execute working, we're going to hit execute workflow, and I'm going to give it maybe workflow, and I'm going to give it maybe workflow, and I'm going to give it maybe a critical uh email that we want to a critical uh email that we want to a critical uh email that we want to send, and we want to have it put in a send, and we want to have it put in a send, and we want to have it put in a draft and not actually get sent out. So, draft and not actually get sent out. So, draft and not actually get sent out. So, hey, Greg has fallen over in the office. hey, Greg has fallen over in the office. hey, Greg has fallen over in the office. We require an we require medical We require an we require medical We require an we require medical assistance assistance assistance immediately and we need these specific immediately and we need these specific immediately and we need these specific types of medication to help out. types of medication to help out. types of medication to help out. Band-aids Band-aids Band-aids and a stretcher. Given it a pretty and a stretcher. Given it a pretty and a stretcher. Given it a pretty intense example here of Greg who's intense example here of Greg who's intense example here of Greg who's fallen over in the office. We'll send fallen over in the office. We'll send fallen over in the office. We'll send that over to the agent and see if we're that over to the agent and see if we're that over to the agent and see if we're able to process that. See what our agent able to process that. See what our agent able to process that. See what our agent decides to do with it. So, Telegram has decides to do with it. So, Telegram has decides to do with it. So, Telegram has come back. I've created a draft email come back. I've created a draft email come back. I've created a draft email requesting urgent medical assistance requesting urgent medical assistance requesting urgent medical assistance with band-aids and a stretch. Would you with band-aids and a stretch. Would you with band-aids and a stretch. Would you like me to send it now or keep it as a like me to send it now or keep it as a like me to send it now or keep it as a giraffe? So, awesome. Jump back into our giraffe? So, awesome. Jump back into our giraffe? So, awesome. Jump back into our executions here and have a look at the executions here and have a look at the executions here and have a look at the latest one. We'll see what ton of theory latest one. We'll see what ton of theory latest one. We'll see what ton of theory went behind this, but it looks like it went behind this, but it looks like it went behind this, but it looks like it did exactly what we needed it to. The did exactly what we needed it to. The did exactly what we needed it to. The email agent processed exactly what was email agent processed exactly what was email agent processed exactly what was going on. And if I jump into my Gmail going on. And if I jump into my Gmail going on. And if I jump into my Gmail here, I've got this draft that came up. here, I've got this draft that came up. here, I've got this draft that came up. Hi, Greg. Greg has fallen over the Hi, Greg. Greg has fallen over the Hi, Greg. Greg has fallen over the office. Requires immediate medical office. Requires immediate medical office. Requires immediate medical assistance. Urgently need bandage assistance. Urgently need bandage assistance. Urgently need bandage stretcher to help out. So obviously stretcher to help out. So obviously stretcher to help out. So obviously there is uh obviously you wouldn't be there is uh obviously you wouldn't be there is uh obviously you wouldn't be sending an email to Greg if Greg is the sending an email to Greg if Greg is the sending an email to Greg if Greg is the one that's fallen over. So a little bit one that's fallen over. So a little bit one that's fallen over. So a little bit of context mismatch in that case. I of context mismatch in that case. I of context mismatch in that case. I didn't really give it a good message to didn't really give it a good message to didn't really give it a good message to tell it who to actually send this email tell it who to actually send this email tell it who to actually send this email off to which is something that I should off to which is something that I should off to which is something that I should have done. But otherwise this is pretty have done. But otherwise this is pretty have done. But otherwise this is pretty much done exactly what you'd want it to. much done exactly what you'd want it to. much done exactly what you'd want it to. It's given us a good email format. It's given us a good email format. It's given us a good email format. Doesn't really look too AI generated at Doesn't really look too AI generated at Doesn't really look too AI generated at all. It looks very standard and we can all. It looks very standard and we can all. It looks very standard and we can just jump in here, put a recipient and just jump in here, put a recipient and just jump in here, put a recipient and send that message off. So that's send that message off. So that's send that message off. So that's perfect. Doing exactly what we'd expect perfect. Doing exactly what we'd expect perfect. Doing exactly what we'd expect it to. And I'm going to leave that for it to. And I'm going to leave that for it to. And I'm going to leave that for our email agent for now. Now I'm going our email agent for now. Now I'm going our email agent for now. Now I'm going to jump into building out our calendar to jump into building out our calendar to jump into building out our calendar and appointment booking agent. Once and appointment booking agent. Once and appointment booking agent. Once again creating a brand new workflow for again creating a brand new workflow for again creating a brand new workflow for our appointment booking flow. Right here our appointment booking flow. Right here our appointment booking flow. Right here I'm going to click on add a step. We're I'm going to click on add a step. We're I'm going to click on add a step. We're going to be using the when executed by going to be using the when executed by going to be using the when executed by another workflow. We're going to add in another workflow. We're going to add in another workflow. We're going to add in two different fields. One for our two different fields. One for our two different fields. One for our request and one for the telegram ID. request and one for the telegram ID. request and one for the telegram ID. Once that's done, we're going to now Once that's done, we're going to now Once that's done, we're going to now create our AI agent by jumping into the create our AI agent by jumping into the create our AI agent by jumping into the agent step. We're going to swap it over agent step. We're going to swap it over agent step. We're going to swap it over from the chat trigger node to being a from the chat trigger node to being a from the chat trigger node to being a defined below. I'm going to rename this defined below. I'm going to rename this defined below. I'm going to rename this agent to be our appointment booking agent to be our appointment booking agent to be our appointment booking personal agent. Whatever name doesn't personal agent. Whatever name doesn't personal agent. Whatever name doesn't really matter. We can jump back into our really matter. We can jump back into our really matter. We can jump back into our main agent. We're going to create the main agent. We're going to create the main agent. We're going to create the brand new tool. We're going to click brand new tool. We're going to click brand new tool. We're going to click into here. Call Naden workflow tool. into here. Call Naden workflow tool. into here. Call Naden workflow tool. We're going to then select our We're going to then select our We're going to then select our appointment booking personal agent. appointment booking personal agent. appointment booking personal agent. We've then got our two fields down here. We've then got our two fields down here. We've then got our two fields down here. We're going to put the we're going to We're going to put the we're going to We're going to put the we're going to let the AI define this. And then the let the AI define this. And then the let the AI define this. And then the telegram ID is going to come from our telegram ID is going to come from our telegram ID is going to come from our from ID. And we're going to drag and from ID. And we're going to drag and from ID. And we're going to drag and drop that right in there. Once again, drop that right in there. Once again, drop that right in there. Once again, I'm going to just call it appointment I'm going to just call it appointment I'm going to just call it appointment booking to make it super simple. And now booking to make it super simple. And now booking to make it super simple. And now that is mostly all connected. Jumping that is mostly all connected. Jumping that is mostly all connected. Jumping into here, I'm probably just going to into here, I'm probably just going to into here, I'm probably just going to delete this agent just so we can delete this agent just so we can delete this agent just so we can actually get the fields to populate so actually get the fields to populate so actually get the fields to populate so we can make it easy for ourselves. I am we can make it easy for ourselves. I am we can make it easy for ourselves. I am going to hit save. I'm going to come going to hit save. I'm going to come going to hit save. I'm going to come over here and I am going to prompt this over here and I am going to prompt this over here and I am going to prompt this into our our workflow so it actually into our our workflow so it actually into our our workflow so it actually knows that this exists. So, I'm going to knows that this exists. So, I'm going to knows that this exists. So, I'm going to tell it that please use our calendar tell it that please use our calendar tell it that please use our calendar tool when you need to use it. Once tool when you need to use it. Once tool when you need to use it. Once again, that's probably the world's worst again, that's probably the world's worst again, that's probably the world's worst prompt, but it will get it done at least prompt, but it will get it done at least prompt, but it will get it done at least once for us. And I probably am going to once for us. And I probably am going to once for us. And I probably am going to rename this from the appointment booking rename this from the appointment booking rename this from the appointment booking tool to the calendar tool because it's tool to the calendar tool because it's tool to the calendar tool because it's not just going to be used for not just going to be used for not just going to be used for appointment booking. So, just to make it appointment booking. So, just to make it appointment booking. So, just to make it a little bit clear across all of our a little bit clear across all of our a little bit clear across all of our different flows. I might rename this different flows. I might rename this different flows. I might rename this calendar booking, calendar booking as calendar booking, calendar booking as calendar booking, calendar booking as well. And then we might just need to well. And then we might just need to well. And then we might just need to update this as well to be calendar update this as well to be calendar update this as well to be calendar booking. Done that automatically. booking. Done that automatically. booking. Done that automatically. Awesome. Hit save and we'll give it a Awesome. Hit save and we'll give it a Awesome. Hit save and we'll give it a go. Hi, can you please book in a doctor go. Hi, can you please book in a doctor go. Hi, can you please book in a doctor appointment for Greg? See if that goes appointment for Greg? See if that goes appointment for Greg? See if that goes through. See if we can hit the calendar. through. See if we can hit the calendar. through. See if we can hit the calendar. There we go. Awesome. Calendar has been There we go. Awesome. Calendar has been There we go. Awesome. Calendar has been hit. Jump back into here and our hit. Jump back into here and our hit. Jump back into here and our executions should have ran. There we go. executions should have ran. There we go. executions should have ran. There we go. I will then copy the editor if we can I will then copy the editor if we can I will then copy the editor if we can get the right values through. And if we get the right values through. And if we get the right values through. And if we look into here, we'll see that we've got look into here, we'll see that we've got look into here, we'll see that we've got the request and the telegram ID, which the request and the telegram ID, which the request and the telegram ID, which is awesome. We'll then click plus AI AI is awesome. We'll then click plus AI AI is awesome. We'll then click plus AI AI agents and then define below. And then agents and then define below. And then agents and then define below. And then in here, request is coming through. in here, request is coming through. in here, request is coming through. Perfect. So we'll just add a chat model Perfect. So we'll just add a chat model Perfect. So we'll just add a chat model once again. Open router as always. We're once again. Open router as always. We're once again. Open router as always. We're then going to be adding in our memory. then going to be adding in our memory. then going to be adding in our memory. Simple memory. This is then going to be Simple memory. This is then going to be Simple memory. This is then going to be coming from our Telegram ID. So defined coming from our Telegram ID. So defined coming from our Telegram ID. So defined below. Telegram ID as the key. All good below. Telegram ID as the key. All good below. Telegram ID as the key. All good to go once again like we did it before. to go once again like we did it before. to go once again like we did it before. I'll rename this agent the calendar I'll rename this agent the calendar I'll rename this agent the calendar agent just to make it super nice for our agent just to make it super nice for our agent just to make it super nice for our naming convention. And then we can jump naming convention. And then we can jump naming convention. And then we can jump into the main stuff for our calendar into the main stuff for our calendar into the main stuff for our calendar agent which is going to be looking at agent which is going to be looking at agent which is going to be looking at Google calendar. So I can just type for Google calendar. So I can just type for Google calendar. So I can just type for the Google calendar. And once again, the Google calendar. And once again, the Google calendar. And once again, really awesome. They've got all of the really awesome. They've got all of the really awesome. They've got all of the Google tools and and whatever functions Google tools and and whatever functions Google tools and and whatever functions you'd need pretty much all here on edit you'd need pretty much all here on edit you'd need pretty much all here on edit end. So, we can click Google calendar end. So, we can click Google calendar end. So, we can click Google calendar tool. And now we can jump into this, tool. And now we can jump into this, tool. And now we can jump into this, which is very similar to the setup of which is very similar to the setup of which is very similar to the setup of the Gmail agent. It's going to allow us the Gmail agent. It's going to allow us the Gmail agent. It's going to allow us to to book in appointments. It's going to to book in appointments. It's going to to book in appointments. It's going to allow us to look up calendar events to allow us to look up calendar events to allow us to look up calendar events on our actual calendar and do whatever on our actual calendar and do whatever on our actual calendar and do whatever we want with it. So, make sure to we want with it. So, make sure to we want with it. So, make sure to connect your Google calendar account at connect your Google calendar account at connect your Google calendar account at the top here with your credential. the top here with your credential. the top here with your credential. Pretty easy to do, actually. It just Pretty easy to do, actually. It just Pretty easy to do, actually. It just allows you to do a direct authentication allows you to do a direct authentication allows you to do a direct authentication login. So, you just log in with your login. So, you just log in with your login. So, you just log in with your email and password and then it's good to email and password and then it's good to email and password and then it's good to go. Then below this, we've got the go. Then below this, we've got the go. Then below this, we've got the resource, which is going to be creating resource, which is going to be creating resource, which is going to be creating an event. And then we've got the an event. And then we've got the an event. And then we've got the operation, which is going to be create. operation, which is going to be create. operation, which is going to be create. So, we're creating an event. And then So, we're creating an event. And then So, we're creating an event. And then below this, we've got calendar. If you below this, we've got calendar. If you below this, we've got calendar. If you use multiple calendars on your one use multiple calendars on your one use multiple calendars on your one Google calendar, you can select the Google calendar, you can select the Google calendar, you can select the specific one. In my case, I want to set specific one. In my case, I want to set specific one. In my case, I want to set some meetings. And then below this, some meetings. And then below this, some meetings. And then below this, we've got a start and an end time. And we've got a start and an end time. And we've got a start and an end time. And I'm just going to let the AI decide I'm just going to let the AI decide I'm just going to let the AI decide this. Obviously, the time of the this. Obviously, the time of the this. Obviously, the time of the appointment booking is going to be appointment booking is going to be appointment booking is going to be dependent on what the user wants. And we dependent on what the user wants. And we dependent on what the user wants. And we can very easily just set this to let the can very easily just set this to let the can very easily just set this to let the AI decide when it should start, when it AI decide when it should start, when it AI decide when it should start, when it should end. Um, and we can prompt the should end. Um, and we can prompt the should end. Um, and we can prompt the rest of it. So I'll rename this once rest of it. So I'll rename this once rest of it. So I'll rename this once again. We'll just do create create event again. We'll just do create create event again. We'll just do create create event just to make it super simple. Now one just to make it super simple. Now one just to make it super simple. Now one really important thing to note is that really important thing to note is that really important thing to note is that because we are using the AI to define because we are using the AI to define because we are using the AI to define when we're going to be looking at the when we're going to be looking at the when we're going to be looking at the events on our calendar, our AI doesn't events on our calendar, our AI doesn't events on our calendar, our AI doesn't have any context as to what today's date have any context as to what today's date have any context as to what today's date is. So we do need to give it some is. So we do need to give it some is. So we do need to give it some context. We do need to tell it what context. We do need to tell it what context. We do need to tell it what today's date is so it has some context today's date is so it has some context today's date is so it has some context as to when to look on the calendar. So as to when to look on the calendar. So as to when to look on the calendar. So if we ask about the events that are if we ask about the events that are if we ask about the events that are happening tomorrow, we want to be able happening tomorrow, we want to be able happening tomorrow, we want to be able to have context of today being Friday to have context of today being Friday to have context of today being Friday and tomorrow being Saturday or whatever and tomorrow being Saturday or whatever and tomorrow being Saturday or whatever day obviously we can do that by giving day obviously we can do that by giving day obviously we can do that by giving it that context. And so I'll jump into it that context. And so I'll jump into it that context. And so I'll jump into the calendar agent right here and just the calendar agent right here and just the calendar agent right here and just add this into the system message and add this into the system message and add this into the system message and just give it more prompting as well to just give it more prompting as well to just give it more prompting as well to make it really wellrounded. So you are a make it really wellrounded. So you are a make it really wellrounded. So you are a calendar agent. you you have access to calendar agent. you you have access to calendar agent. you you have access to create calendar events as well as check create calendar events as well as check create calendar events as well as check our calendar for events. You need you our calendar for events. You need you our calendar for events. You need you need to ensure you check the right dates need to ensure you check the right dates need to ensure you check the right dates with the current time. This is the with the current time. This is the with the current time. This is the current date and time. And if I just current date and time. And if I just current date and time. And if I just quickly look over to the left hand side quickly look over to the left hand side quickly look over to the left hand side where you see variables and context. If where you see variables and context. If where you see variables and context. If I just click into this, you're going to I just click into this, you're going to I just click into this, you're going to get a drop down with some values that get a drop down with some values that get a drop down with some values that come through. And you're going to see come through. And you're going to see come through. And you're going to see that we've got a now and a today field. that we've got a now and a today field. that we've got a now and a today field. So this is for our sort of current So this is for our sort of current So this is for our sort of current dates. And this is what we're going to dates. And this is what we're going to dates. And this is what we're going to be using to reference in our system to be using to reference in our system to be using to reference in our system to have that context that we need for it to have that context that we need for it to have that context that we need for it to be relevant on for the dates. And so I be relevant on for the dates. And so I be relevant on for the dates. And so I can either put today, which is just can either put today, which is just can either put today, which is just going to set the time to to zero, or we going to set the time to to zero, or we going to set the time to to zero, or we can put in now, which is going to do the can put in now, which is going to do the can put in now, which is going to do the exact time. We'll use the exact time. I exact time. We'll use the exact time. I exact time. We'll use the exact time. I think there's no reason not to. So, think there's no reason not to. So, think there's no reason not to. So, we'll drag and drop that in here. And we'll drag and drop that in here. And we'll drag and drop that in here. And now this has context on the exact date now this has context on the exact date now this has context on the exact date and time. And just for a little bit of and time. And just for a little bit of and time. And just for a little bit of prompt conditioning, I'm going to say, prompt conditioning, I'm going to say, prompt conditioning, I'm going to say, please ensure you use this date and time please ensure you use this date and time please ensure you use this date and time when looking up emails, when looking up when looking up emails, when looking up when looking up emails, when looking up events. So, that's good to go. We'll hit events. So, that's good to go. We'll hit events. So, that's good to go. We'll hit save. So, before I give it a go and see save. So, before I give it a go and see save. So, before I give it a go and see if it works, we are obviously going to if it works, we are obviously going to if it works, we are obviously going to add in our edit fields right here. We're add in our edit fields right here. We're add in our edit fields right here. We're going to be creating the response field going to be creating the response field going to be creating the response field right here. I'm adding in the value of right here. I'm adding in the value of right here. I'm adding in the value of the AI output. So, we do need to run it the AI output. So, we do need to run it the AI output. So, we do need to run it to obviously actually get that field uh to obviously actually get that field uh to obviously actually get that field uh once again. So, we'll just hit delete, once again. So, we'll just hit delete, once again. So, we'll just hit delete, hit save, and then we'll just run it. hit save, and then we'll just run it. hit save, and then we'll just run it. So, I'll just say to try again or I'll So, I'll just say to try again or I'll So, I'll just say to try again or I'll just tell it to create an event for just tell it to create an event for just tell it to create an event for tomorrow. I have a con. I have a meeting tomorrow. I have a con. I have a meeting tomorrow. I have a con. I have a meeting with a client. I'll just tell it it is with a client. I'll just tell it it is with a client. I'll just tell it it is from 1 to 2:00 p.m. See if that works. from 1 to 2:00 p.m. See if that works. from 1 to 2:00 p.m. See if that works. We'll send it off. See if it hits We'll send it off. See if it hits We'll send it off. See if it hits through. should hit the calendar booking through. should hit the calendar booking through. should hit the calendar booking agent. Jump into here. This should now agent. Jump into here. This should now agent. Jump into here. This should now be getting hit with an execution. We can be getting hit with an execution. We can be getting hit with an execution. We can see that it is right here. And it looks see that it is right here. And it looks see that it is right here. And it looks like we have hit the create event which like we have hit the create event which like we have hit the create event which is perfect. I can jump into this and see is perfect. I can jump into this and see is perfect. I can jump into this and see what actually happened. We can see it's what actually happened. We can see it's what actually happened. We can see it's been set for tomorrow. And we can see been set for tomorrow. And we can see been set for tomorrow. And we can see that it's been set for 2:00 as the end that it's been set for 2:00 as the end that it's been set for 2:00 as the end date time and 1:00 as the start. So that date time and 1:00 as the start. So that date time and 1:00 as the start. So that is awesome. Um that has been sent is awesome. Um that has been sent is awesome. Um that has been sent through. So that is good to go. I am through. So that is good to go. I am through. So that is good to go. I am going to hit copy to editor to get all going to hit copy to editor to get all going to hit copy to editor to get all of the values from that execution. Hit of the values from that execution. Hit of the values from that execution. Hit that and then we can pretty much unpin. that and then we can pretty much unpin. that and then we can pretty much unpin. and that'll pin the new data. And then and that'll pin the new data. And then and that'll pin the new data. And then we can drag the calendar agent to edit we can drag the calendar agent to edit we can drag the calendar agent to edit the field. And then in here, obviously, the field. And then in here, obviously, the field. And then in here, obviously, we've got our response from the calendar we've got our response from the calendar we've got our response from the calendar agent, which says that the meeting has agent, which says that the meeting has agent, which says that the meeting has been scheduled. Um, and it's just sort been scheduled. Um, and it's just sort been scheduled. Um, and it's just sort of a response there, which is cool. That of a response there, which is cool. That of a response there, which is cool. That will then get sent back to our Telegram will then get sent back to our Telegram will then get sent back to our Telegram agent uh that we can then use in our agent uh that we can then use in our agent uh that we can then use in our conversation. So, jumping back here, conversation. So, jumping back here, conversation. So, jumping back here, clicking to our calendar booking. It clicking to our calendar booking. It clicking to our calendar booking. It looks like the output actually was looks like the output actually was looks like the output actually was already coming through anyway. We didn't already coming through anyway. We didn't already coming through anyway. We didn't need to set that field. Uh, but we do need to set that field. Uh, but we do need to set that field. Uh, but we do like to set the field anyway, so that it like to set the field anyway, so that it like to set the field anyway, so that it doesn't just say output, it actually doesn't just say output, it actually doesn't just say output, it actually says response. um can help our agent get says response. um can help our agent get says response. um can help our agent get the context that it needs to understand the context that it needs to understand the context that it needs to understand this is actually the response that's this is actually the response that's this is actually the response that's came through from this particular tool came through from this particular tool came through from this particular tool call. Um so it's a good thing and a good call. Um so it's a good thing and a good call. Um so it's a good thing and a good thing to have control over. So before I thing to have control over. So before I thing to have control over. So before I build out the last tool which is going build out the last tool which is going build out the last tool which is going to be used for research and connecting to be used for research and connecting to be used for research and connecting into tools like Wikipedia and Plexity to into tools like Wikipedia and Plexity to into tools like Wikipedia and Plexity to do a bit more deep research within our do a bit more deep research within our do a bit more deep research within our personal assistant here, I'm going to personal assistant here, I'm going to personal assistant here, I'm going to give it a go. I'm going to try it out. give it a go. I'm going to try it out. give it a go. I'm going to try it out. I'm going to see if we can send some I'm going to see if we can send some I'm going to see if we can send some emails, do some calendar bookings, check emails, do some calendar bookings, check emails, do some calendar bookings, check our calendar, and just see if it's our calendar, and just see if it's our calendar, and just see if it's working at the moment. Um and do some working at the moment. Um and do some working at the moment. Um and do some voice triggers as well. And we do voice triggers as well. And we do voice triggers as well. And we do actually need to test this because we actually need to test this because we actually need to test this because we actually have to reference our actually have to reference our actually have to reference our transcriber recording field into each of transcriber recording field into each of transcriber recording field into each of our agents and send through that as its our agents and send through that as its our agents and send through that as its regular text. So we do need to do this regular text. So we do need to do this regular text. So we do need to do this anyway. So I'll do that and then we can anyway. So I'll do that and then we can anyway. So I'll do that and then we can start to play around with it uh and see start to play around with it uh and see start to play around with it uh and see how it works. So super simple. I'll hit how it works. So super simple. I'll hit how it works. So super simple. I'll hit execute workflow. I'll jump into execute workflow. I'll jump into execute workflow. I'll jump into Telegram and give it a message. Hey, can Telegram and give it a message. Hey, can Telegram and give it a message. Hey, can you send an email off to Greg once again you send an email off to Greg once again you send an email off to Greg once again and then also book a meeting with Greg and then also book a meeting with Greg and then also book a meeting with Greg for tomorrow at 4 p.m.? So there you go. for tomorrow at 4 p.m.? So there you go. for tomorrow at 4 p.m.? So there you go. It went through and like I said, we It went through and like I said, we It went through and like I said, we haven't actually referenced the haven't actually referenced the haven't actually referenced the information to be able to use this uh information to be able to use this uh information to be able to use this uh voice recording, but what we can do is voice recording, but what we can do is voice recording, but what we can do is have a look at our transcriber have a look at our transcriber have a look at our transcriber recording. Hey, can you send an email recording. Hey, can you send an email recording. Hey, can you send an email off to Greg once again and then book a off to Greg once again and then book a off to Greg once again and then book a meeting with Greg for tomorrow at 4 p.m. meeting with Greg for tomorrow at 4 p.m. meeting with Greg for tomorrow at 4 p.m. Awesome. That transcribed it perfectly. Awesome. That transcribed it perfectly. Awesome. That transcribed it perfectly. We can jump into our assistant right We can jump into our assistant right We can jump into our assistant right here. And then what we can do is just here. And then what we can do is just here. And then what we can do is just reference it again. And in order to do reference it again. And in order to do reference it again. And in order to do that, what we can do is just delete the that, what we can do is just delete the that, what we can do is just delete the connection directly from this into our connection directly from this into our connection directly from this into our agent and just plug it directly into the agent and just plug it directly into the agent and just plug it directly into the edit field. And the reason that we're edit field. And the reason that we're edit field. And the reason that we're doing that is so we can set that edit doing that is so we can set that edit doing that is so we can set that edit field to exactly the same sort of field to exactly the same sort of field to exactly the same sort of variable and value that was set from our variable and value that was set from our variable and value that was set from our initial telegram trigger. And jumping initial telegram trigger. And jumping initial telegram trigger. And jumping into our edit field right here. We're into our edit field right here. We're into our edit field right here. We're just going to create a new field and just going to create a new field and just going to create a new field and then just copy telegram text. And then then just copy telegram text. And then then just copy telegram text. And then we're going to populate it with the we're going to populate it with the we're going to populate it with the actual voice note that comes through. So actual voice note that comes through. So actual voice note that comes through. So I'll hit save and I'll just send through I'll hit save and I'll just send through I'll hit save and I'll just send through a new voice mode so we can actually get a new voice mode so we can actually get a new voice mode so we can actually get that value populating. Execute workflow. that value populating. Execute workflow. that value populating. Execute workflow. Hey, can you send an email to Greg Hey, can you send an email to Greg Hey, can you send an email to Greg telling him that we're going to get telling him that we're going to get telling him that we're going to get donuts after work today? So that'll send donuts after work today? So that'll send donuts after work today? So that'll send through. Hopefully that'll hit the edit through. Hopefully that'll hit the edit through. Hopefully that'll hit the edit field and we can actually use it. It'll field and we can actually use it. It'll field and we can actually use it. It'll probably start to reference that. But if probably start to reference that. But if probably start to reference that. But if jump into edit fields, we can now we can jump into edit fields, we can now we can jump into edit fields, we can now we can now scroll down, transcribe a recording, now scroll down, transcribe a recording, now scroll down, transcribe a recording, and then just chuck that into here. And and then just chuck that into here. And and then just chuck that into here. And now we can actually use this same now we can actually use this same now we can actually use this same variable uh throughout the conversation, variable uh throughout the conversation, variable uh throughout the conversation, which is nice. Hit save. It errored which is nice. Hit save. It errored which is nice. Hit save. It errored there obviously because we weren't there obviously because we weren't there obviously because we weren't referencing anything. And we can referencing anything. And we can referencing anything. And we can probably just organize this a little bit probably just organize this a little bit probably just organize this a little bit if you'd like to to make it not so if you'd like to to make it not so if you'd like to to make it not so messy. We can drag that all the way messy. We can drag that all the way messy. We can drag that all the way there. And maybe we can add add these up there. And maybe we can add add these up there. And maybe we can add add these up here. You can obviously do this however here. You can obviously do this however here. You can obviously do this however you'd like. Uh but ultimately that is you'd like. Uh but ultimately that is you'd like. Uh but ultimately that is all now connected. So let's give this a all now connected. So let's give this a all now connected. So let's give this a final run through. I'll just exit out of final run through. I'll just exit out of final run through. I'll just exit out of this particular workflow it's running this particular workflow it's running this particular workflow it's running right here. We'll hit execute workflow right here. We'll hit execute workflow right here. We'll hit execute workflow and I'm going to give it a good request. and I'm going to give it a good request. and I'm going to give it a good request. Hey, can we send an email off to Greg Hey, can we send an email off to Greg Hey, can we send an email off to Greg just telling him about a meeting that I just telling him about a meeting that I just telling him about a meeting that I want to schedule for tomorrow from 3 to want to schedule for tomorrow from 3 to want to schedule for tomorrow from 3 to 4 p.m. Uh so this meeting is just going 4 p.m. Uh so this meeting is just going 4 p.m. Uh so this meeting is just going to be a brief rundown about the project to be a brief rundown about the project to be a brief rundown about the project that we're working on. Um nothing too that we're working on. Um nothing too that we're working on. Um nothing too crazy. So I've sent that off. We'll see crazy. So I've sent that off. We'll see crazy. So I've sent that off. We'll see what happens there. I made it a little what happens there. I made it a little what happens there. I made it a little bit tricky for it telling it to not only bit tricky for it telling it to not only bit tricky for it telling it to not only send an email but also do the calendar send an email but also do the calendar send an email but also do the calendar booking. So, we'll see if it's able to booking. So, we'll see if it's able to booking. So, we'll see if it's able to to process that. Uh, with the with the to process that. Uh, with the with the to process that. Uh, with the with the basic prompts that I have, they've basic prompts that I have, they've basic prompts that I have, they've obviously not that great of a prompt obviously not that great of a prompt obviously not that great of a prompt that I currently have. So, email agent that I currently have. So, email agent that I currently have. So, email agent triggered doesn't look like the calendar triggered doesn't look like the calendar triggered doesn't look like the calendar booking agent triggered. Honestly, not booking agent triggered. Honestly, not booking agent triggered. Honestly, not too surprised about that based on how too surprised about that based on how too surprised about that based on how how poor my prompt is and how poor my my how poor my prompt is and how poor my my how poor my prompt is and how poor my my question was there. But, we can see the question was there. But, we can see the question was there. But, we can see the email did get sent off, which is email did get sent off, which is email did get sent off, which is perfect. It obviously Greg's not a real perfect. It obviously Greg's not a real perfect. It obviously Greg's not a real person, so it didn't go anywhere. But, person, so it didn't go anywhere. But, person, so it didn't go anywhere. But, hi, I would like to schedule a meeting hi, I would like to schedule a meeting hi, I would like to schedule a meeting with you tomorrow from 3:00 to 4 p.m. with you tomorrow from 3:00 to 4 p.m. with you tomorrow from 3:00 to 4 p.m. It'll be a brief rundown about the It'll be a brief rundown about the It'll be a brief rundown about the project. So, it actually looks like the project. So, it actually looks like the project. So, it actually looks like the agent in this case decided that Greg agent in this case decided that Greg agent in this case decided that Greg needed to confirm the appointment with needed to confirm the appointment with needed to confirm the appointment with time, which is cool. It didn't just book time, which is cool. It didn't just book time, which is cool. It didn't just book it in right away. Uh, but that's just it in right away. Uh, but that's just it in right away. Uh, but that's just something to do with, you know, something to do with, you know, something to do with, you know, prompting and setup and however you'd prompting and setup and however you'd prompting and setup and however you'd like it based on preference. And then if like it based on preference. And then if like it based on preference. And then if we look at Telegram once again as well, we look at Telegram once again as well, we look at Telegram once again as well, the email to Greg about the meeting the email to Greg about the meeting the email to Greg about the meeting scheduled with a brief rundown has been scheduled with a brief rundown has been scheduled with a brief rundown has been sent. If you need any further sent. If you need any further sent. If you need any further assistance, feel free to ask. So, we're assistance, feel free to ask. So, we're assistance, feel free to ask. So, we're getting a response back as well. It's getting a response back as well. It's getting a response back as well. It's talking back to us, which is awesome. talking back to us, which is awesome. talking back to us, which is awesome. So, the final agent that I'm going to So, the final agent that I'm going to So, the final agent that I'm going to showcase how to build out will be a showcase how to build out will be a showcase how to build out will be a research agent. This is going to be able research agent. This is going to be able research agent. This is going to be able to plug into Perplexity as well as to plug into Perplexity as well as to plug into Perplexity as well as Wikipedia to do some really deep Wikipedia to do some really deep Wikipedia to do some really deep research. Something that you're going to research. Something that you're going to research. Something that you're going to be able to just talk to it very easily be able to just talk to it very easily be able to just talk to it very easily and it's going to have context on and it's going to have context on and it's going to have context on obviously not only your email and your obviously not only your email and your obviously not only your email and your calendar, but to be able to do research calendar, but to be able to do research calendar, but to be able to do research and if it needs to use them all and if it needs to use them all and if it needs to use them all together, it's going to have the together, it's going to have the together, it's going to have the capability to do that. So, for example, capability to do that. So, for example, capability to do that. So, for example, if you wanted to send an email to Greg if you wanted to send an email to Greg if you wanted to send an email to Greg about some facts about something, uh about some facts about something, uh about some facts about something, uh it's obviously going to be able to do it's obviously going to be able to do it's obviously going to be able to do the proper research on Plexity to get the proper research on Plexity to get the proper research on Plexity to get the proper facts and do the research on the proper facts and do the research on the proper facts and do the research on Wikipedia uh and just really give a good Wikipedia uh and just really give a good Wikipedia uh and just really give a good amount of context in our workflow. So amount of context in our workflow. So amount of context in our workflow. So creating our research agent, we should creating our research agent, we should creating our research agent, we should be able to speedrun this by now as you be able to speedrun this by now as you be able to speedrun this by now as you know how to build all those other agents know how to build all those other agents know how to build all those other agents and connect them into our main agent. and connect them into our main agent. and connect them into our main agent. But for our research agent, obviously But for our research agent, obviously But for our research agent, obviously once again it's going to be executed by once again it's going to be executed by once again it's going to be executed by another workflow. I'm going to rename another workflow. I'm going to rename another workflow. I'm going to rename this uh for our research agent. So this uh for our research agent. So this uh for our research agent. So research agent personal assistant just research agent personal assistant just research agent personal assistant just for naming convention sake. We'll put for naming convention sake. We'll put for naming convention sake. We'll put that in there. Make sure that's saved. that in there. Make sure that's saved. that in there. Make sure that's saved. Jump back to our main agent. Create a Jump back to our main agent. Create a Jump back to our main agent. Create a new tool called edit and workflow. We're new tool called edit and workflow. We're new tool called edit and workflow. We're going to choose the research agent. going to choose the research agent. going to choose the research agent. We're then going to hit the save button We're then going to hit the save button We're then going to hit the save button on our end here. I'm going to rename on our end here. I'm going to rename on our end here. I'm going to rename this just the research agent to make it this just the research agent to make it this just the research agent to make it super super simple. I'll jump back into super super simple. I'll jump back into super super simple. I'll jump back into our research agent. We do want to our research agent. We do want to our research agent. We do want to probably give it a little bit of probably give it a little bit of probably give it a little bit of prompting so that we can send through prompting so that we can send through prompting so that we can send through our our values here. But I'm going to our our values here. But I'm going to our our values here. But I'm going to give it both of the fields that we need. give it both of the fields that we need. give it both of the fields that we need. So this is going to be the request as So this is going to be the request as So this is going to be the request as well as the Telegram ID. So we got both well as the Telegram ID. So we got both well as the Telegram ID. So we got both of them all connected there. We'll hit of them all connected there. We'll hit of them all connected there. We'll hit save. Once we done that, it'll then save. Once we done that, it'll then save. Once we done that, it'll then populate here. If we hit refresh, we got populate here. If we hit refresh, we got populate here. If we hit refresh, we got the request which we are going to the request which we are going to the request which we are going to automatically populate with AI of course automatically populate with AI of course automatically populate with AI of course and then telegram ID is going to come and then telegram ID is going to come and then telegram ID is going to come from telegram ID here. That's all good from telegram ID here. That's all good from telegram ID here. That's all good to go. I'll fix up my main system prompt to go. I'll fix up my main system prompt to go. I'll fix up my main system prompt here to give a context about the here to give a context about the here to give a context about the research. If you need to do any research research. If you need to do any research research. If you need to do any research or say deep research on any topic, or say deep research on any topic, or say deep research on any topic, please use the research tool. Once please use the research tool. Once please use the research tool. Once again, really basic prompt. Would not again, really basic prompt. Would not again, really basic prompt. Would not recommend doing that prompt. for recommend doing that prompt. for recommend doing that prompt. for anything other than a demo. Then for our anything other than a demo. Then for our anything other than a demo. Then for our research agent, we can obviously click research agent, we can obviously click research agent, we can obviously click into it here, but I've got on a tab. We into it here, but I've got on a tab. We into it here, but I've got on a tab. We can now create our new agent for this. can now create our new agent for this. can now create our new agent for this. I'm going to hit execute workflow here. I'm going to hit execute workflow here. I'm going to hit execute workflow here. And I'm going to go to Telegram. Please And I'm going to go to Telegram. Please And I'm going to go to Telegram. Please do some research on restaurants do some research on restaurants do some research on restaurants in the area of San France. San Francisco in the area of San France. San Francisco in the area of San France. San Francisco for donuts. Greg Greg likes them. See, for donuts. Greg Greg likes them. See, for donuts. Greg Greg likes them. See, see what happens there. So, messages see what happens there. So, messages see what happens there. So, messages coming through. Hopefully, we can do coming through. Hopefully, we can do coming through. Hopefully, we can do some research. So, I just ran a quick some research. So, I just ran a quick some research. So, I just ran a quick test and realized there was one thing test and realized there was one thing test and realized there was one thing that we do need to change in the edit that we do need to change in the edit that we do need to change in the edit fields. If we are going to be sending fields. If we are going to be sending fields. If we are going to be sending text and we are going to be sending the text and we are going to be sending the text and we are going to be sending the voice, we can't have this set as the voice, we can't have this set as the voice, we can't have this set as the exact same variable names. We do just exact same variable names. We do just exact same variable names. We do just have to change them up a little bit. So, have to change them up a little bit. So, have to change them up a little bit. So, we'll change it to Telegram text type we'll change it to Telegram text type we'll change it to Telegram text type and we've got Telegram text for the and we've got Telegram text for the and we've got Telegram text for the voice. Uh, two different variables. And voice. Uh, two different variables. And voice. Uh, two different variables. And then we're just going to reference both then we're just going to reference both then we're just going to reference both of them when we are in the prompt of the of them when we are in the prompt of the of them when we are in the prompt of the user message. Just put them both in user message. Just put them both in user message. Just put them both in there so it can get either one of them there so it can get either one of them there so it can get either one of them depending on which one gets called. depending on which one gets called. depending on which one gets called. Otherwise, I'm going to tell it to do Otherwise, I'm going to tell it to do Otherwise, I'm going to tell it to do some research on restaurants in the area some research on restaurants in the area some research on restaurants in the area of San Francisco for donuts. And Greg of San Francisco for donuts. And Greg of San Francisco for donuts. And Greg likes them. So, we're going to send them likes them. So, we're going to send them likes them. So, we're going to send them off. Hit execute workflow and see if we off. Hit execute workflow and see if we off. Hit execute workflow and see if we can get a a research agent to trigger can get a a research agent to trigger can get a a research agent to trigger here. Looks like it did, which is here. Looks like it did, which is here. Looks like it did, which is awesome. Jump into here, and we can see awesome. Jump into here, and we can see awesome. Jump into here, and we can see that that came through, which is that that came through, which is that that came through, which is perfect. So, we'll jump into creating perfect. So, we'll jump into creating perfect. So, we'll jump into creating our agent. Now, that is going to be our agent. Now, that is going to be our agent. Now, that is going to be referencing everything that came from referencing everything that came from referencing everything that came from the request. So, we'll change it to the request. So, we'll change it to the request. So, we'll change it to define below. Request is going to get define below. Request is going to get define below. Request is going to get thrown into here. We'll add our open thrown into here. We'll add our open thrown into here. We'll add our open router chat model. Once again, I'm going router chat model. Once again, I'm going router chat model. Once again, I'm going to swap it over to this key. We're using to swap it over to this key. We're using to swap it over to this key. We're using the 4.1 mini model. Obviously, you can the 4.1 mini model. Obviously, you can the 4.1 mini model. Obviously, you can use whichever model that you'd like. use whichever model that you'd like. use whichever model that you'd like. Session ID is going to be linked to our Session ID is going to be linked to our Session ID is going to be linked to our Telegram ID. Once again, we're getting Telegram ID. Once again, we're getting Telegram ID. Once again, we're getting context across every single agent. And context across every single agent. And context across every single agent. And then for our tools, I'm going to be then for our tools, I'm going to be then for our tools, I'm going to be using Perplexity. So, if you're not using Perplexity. So, if you're not using Perplexity. So, if you're not familiar with Perplexity, it's sort of familiar with Perplexity, it's sort of familiar with Perplexity, it's sort of combining search engine indexing with combining search engine indexing with combining search engine indexing with large language models, which allows us large language models, which allows us large language models, which allows us to get more recent and up-to-date to get more recent and up-to-date to get more recent and up-to-date information from our outputs. Obviously, information from our outputs. Obviously, information from our outputs. Obviously, if we're going to be researching if we're going to be researching if we're going to be researching restaurants or local areas or news, restaurants or local areas or news, restaurants or local areas or news, anything like that, we don't want to anything like that, we don't want to anything like that, we don't want to rely on a large language model for that rely on a large language model for that rely on a large language model for that because it hasn't been trained on recent because it hasn't been trained on recent because it hasn't been trained on recent information or at least it's been information or at least it's been information or at least it's been trained on information maybe that's a trained on information maybe that's a trained on information maybe that's a few months out of date or a few years few months out of date or a few years few months out of date or a few years out of date and that is not going to be out of date and that is not going to be out of date and that is not going to be good for doing recent research. So, good for doing recent research. So, good for doing recent research. So, we'll add Plexity here. I've already we'll add Plexity here. I've already we'll add Plexity here. I've already connected my Perplexity account. It's connected my Perplexity account. It's connected my Perplexity account. It's very easy to do. Just go to Plexity and very easy to do. Just go to Plexity and very easy to do. Just go to Plexity and create an API key. You might need to put create an API key. You might need to put create an API key. You might need to put $5 or $10 in credits, but once it's $5 or $10 in credits, but once it's $5 or $10 in credits, but once it's working, it will work right away. just working, it will work right away. just working, it will work right away. just connect it with with that key. And then connect it with with that key. And then connect it with with that key. And then what we're going to be doing is what we're going to be doing is what we're going to be doing is messaging a model. Super simple, just messaging a model. Super simple, just messaging a model. Super simple, just like any sort of AI model that we're like any sort of AI model that we're like any sort of AI model that we're going to be that we're going to be going to be that we're going to be going to be that we're going to be making a call to. For the model, they've making a call to. For the model, they've making a call to. For the model, they've got a few different models here with got a few different models here with got a few different models here with deep research, pro, reasoning, reasoning deep research, pro, reasoning, reasoning deep research, pro, reasoning, reasoning pro. I don't know why they have so many pro. I don't know why they have so many pro. I don't know why they have so many different names here for different types different names here for different types different names here for different types of models. You can do the research as to of models. You can do the research as to of models. You can do the research as to which one's best for which. I'm just which one's best for which. I'm just which one's best for which. I'm just going to keep it on the basic one. I'm going to keep it on the basic one. I'm going to keep it on the basic one. I'm going to let our AI agent define what going to let our AI agent define what going to let our AI agent define what we're going to be sending off to our we're going to be sending off to our we're going to be sending off to our research agent here. Otherwise, that's research agent here. Otherwise, that's research agent here. Otherwise, that's pretty much all that I'm going to be pretty much all that I'm going to be pretty much all that I'm going to be configuring for this. And if you do want configuring for this. And if you do want configuring for this. And if you do want to take it up a notch and have images to take it up a notch and have images to take it up a notch and have images come through, this is something that come through, this is something that come through, this is something that Plexity can help out with as well Plexity can help out with as well Plexity can help out with as well because we are indexing real URLs, you because we are indexing real URLs, you because we are indexing real URLs, you can pull back real websites and sources can pull back real websites and sources can pull back real websites and sources and images and everything through this. and images and everything through this. and images and everything through this. If we click on add an option down here, If we click on add an option down here, If we click on add an option down here, you will see return images is something you will see return images is something you will see return images is something we can turn on and just toggle that on we can turn on and just toggle that on we can turn on and just toggle that on and it will return those URLs that we and it will return those URLs that we and it will return those URLs that we can reference. Uh, and if you want to, can reference. Uh, and if you want to, can reference. Uh, and if you want to, you can have them sent back to the main you can have them sent back to the main you can have them sent back to the main agent and the main agent can provide agent and the main agent can provide agent and the main agent can provide images in the Telegram response for images in the Telegram response for images in the Telegram response for whatever reason that you want to do whatever reason that you want to do whatever reason that you want to do that. Or if you want to have those that. Or if you want to have those that. Or if you want to have those images then sent back to your email images then sent back to your email images then sent back to your email agent to send them off to to Greg in an agent to send them off to to Greg in an agent to send them off to to Greg in an email for whatever reason, you can start email for whatever reason, you can start email for whatever reason, you can start to think of the use cases and capability to think of the use cases and capability to think of the use cases and capability and flexibility of this system really and flexibility of this system really and flexibility of this system really all talking to each other. Otherwise, all talking to each other. Otherwise, all talking to each other. Otherwise, I'm also going to be adding in the I'm also going to be adding in the I'm also going to be adding in the Wikipedia tool. So, jumping into here Wikipedia tool. So, jumping into here Wikipedia tool. So, jumping into here and looking into Wikipedia, I did go and looking into Wikipedia, I did go and looking into Wikipedia, I did go ahead and add in the Wikipedia module. ahead and add in the Wikipedia module. ahead and add in the Wikipedia module. Although it looks like this module has Although it looks like this module has Although it looks like this module has been deprecated or for whatever reason been deprecated or for whatever reason been deprecated or for whatever reason it's just not working on my particular it's just not working on my particular it's just not working on my particular instance here. It says that this node instance here. It says that this node instance here. It says that this node does not have any parameters which is a does not have any parameters which is a does not have any parameters which is a bit of a shame. I used to use this quite bit of a shame. I used to use this quite bit of a shame. I used to use this quite a bit for doing research uh through just a bit for doing research uh through just a bit for doing research uh through just you know particular Wikipedia articles you know particular Wikipedia articles you know particular Wikipedia articles although it looks like it may have been although it looks like it may have been although it looks like it may have been deprecated on Nadn. Not sure what's deprecated on Nadn. Not sure what's deprecated on Nadn. Not sure what's going on here otherwise we're just going going on here otherwise we're just going going on here otherwise we're just going to be referencing perplexity. So I'll to be referencing perplexity. So I'll to be referencing perplexity. So I'll rename this agent to be our research rename this agent to be our research rename this agent to be our research agent. Once again doesn't make a agent. Once again doesn't make a agent. Once again doesn't make a difference really to the actual difference really to the actual difference really to the actual functionality just a naming thing. And functionality just a naming thing. And functionality just a naming thing. And then we can prompt this if we'd like to then we can prompt this if we'd like to then we can prompt this if we'd like to tell it that you are a research agent. tell it that you are a research agent. tell it that you are a research agent. You will expand on what the user is You will expand on what the user is You will expand on what the user is looking for and send this into looking for and send this into looking for and send this into perplexity to look up the latest perplexity to look up the latest perplexity to look up the latest information on this request. Please be information on this request. Please be information on this request. Please be detailed and get the most out of the detailed and get the most out of the detailed and get the most out of the response. So just getting it to to response. So just getting it to to response. So just getting it to to expand upon it. send it to Plexity, get expand upon it. send it to Plexity, get expand upon it. send it to Plexity, get as much as we can out of it so that we as much as we can out of it so that we as much as we can out of it so that we can get the most detailed response can get the most detailed response can get the most detailed response possible. And now that is pretty much possible. And now that is pretty much possible. And now that is pretty much all set up. We're able to to talk to all set up. We're able to to talk to all set up. We're able to to talk to Plexity pretty easily just through this Plexity pretty easily just through this Plexity pretty easily just through this particular agent here. Jumping back, we particular agent here. Jumping back, we particular agent here. Jumping back, we can now obviously call our research can now obviously call our research can now obviously call our research agent when we need to. Obviously, in agent when we need to. Obviously, in agent when we need to. Obviously, in this particular case, we wouldn't really this particular case, we wouldn't really this particular case, we wouldn't really be doing this entire setup if we're just be doing this entire setup if we're just be doing this entire setup if we're just going to be doing one tool call. If we going to be doing one tool call. If we going to be doing one tool call. If we wanted to talk to Wikipedia and do some wanted to talk to Wikipedia and do some wanted to talk to Wikipedia and do some web scraping and pulling through images, web scraping and pulling through images, web scraping and pulling through images, then definitely building out a separate then definitely building out a separate then definitely building out a separate agent here is necessary. So, I've done agent here is necessary. So, I've done agent here is necessary. So, I've done that in this case. Uh but if you are that in this case. Uh but if you are that in this case. Uh but if you are just doing one tool call, I would just just doing one tool call, I would just just doing one tool call, I would just recommend adding it as a tool to the recommend adding it as a tool to the recommend adding it as a tool to the personal assistant agent here as that personal assistant agent here as that personal assistant agent here as that would just speed it up uh just a little would just speed it up uh just a little would just speed it up uh just a little bit. Otherwise, let's give this entire bit. Otherwise, let's give this entire bit. Otherwise, let's give this entire system a run through and see if we can system a run through and see if we can system a run through and see if we can send an email, book some events in a send an email, book some events in a send an email, book some events in a calendar, and do some research allinone calendar, and do some research allinone calendar, and do some research allinone from our agent. So, execute workflow or from our agent. So, execute workflow or from our agent. So, execute workflow or jump into Telegram and give it a jump into Telegram and give it a jump into Telegram and give it a request. Hey there. I'd really like to request. Hey there. I'd really like to request. Hey there. I'd really like to send an email off to Greg giving him send an email off to Greg giving him send an email off to Greg giving him some research on the the best some research on the the best some research on the the best restaurants in San Francisco to get restaurants in San Francisco to get restaurants in San Francisco to get donuts at. Once we have made that donuts at. Once we have made that donuts at. Once we have made that research and you found all of the good research and you found all of the good research and you found all of the good restaurants, we're going to send an restaurants, we're going to send an restaurants, we're going to send an email off to Greg, but we're also going email off to Greg, but we're also going email off to Greg, but we're also going to go ahead and book an appointment to go ahead and book an appointment to go ahead and book an appointment directly in for tomorrow from 5 to 6:00 directly in for tomorrow from 5 to 6:00 directly in for tomorrow from 5 to 6:00 p.m. And this is going to be where Greg p.m. And this is going to be where Greg p.m. And this is going to be where Greg and I go and eat these donuts. So, let's and I go and eat these donuts. So, let's and I go and eat these donuts. So, let's see if it's able to process that. see if it's able to process that. see if it's able to process that. Obviously, I've put a bit amount of Obviously, I've put a bit amount of Obviously, I've put a bit amount of context into that. Uh, but let's see if context into that. Uh, but let's see if context into that. Uh, but let's see if we can send an email, book an event, and we can send an email, book an event, and we can send an email, book an event, and also do some research as well. So, it's also do some research as well. So, it's also do some research as well. So, it's going through. Doesn't look like it's going through. Doesn't look like it's going through. Doesn't look like it's hitting research at the moment. hitting research at the moment. hitting research at the moment. Hopefully, it does. Might need a little Hopefully, it does. Might need a little Hopefully, it does. Might need a little bit of better prompting to do the bit of better prompting to do the bit of better prompting to do the research there. Uh, but it looks like it research there. Uh, but it looks like it research there. Uh, but it looks like it sent an email and done a calendar sent an email and done a calendar sent an email and done a calendar booking. So, I am going to do a little booking. So, I am going to do a little booking. So, I am going to do a little bit of better prompting to make sure we bit of better prompting to make sure we bit of better prompting to make sure we can hit the research agent that the can hit the research agent that the can hit the research agent that the email is actually a bit better. email is actually a bit better. email is actually a bit better. Obviously, my prompting here is is Obviously, my prompting here is is Obviously, my prompting here is is pretty terrible. Uh, so it hasn't, you pretty terrible. Uh, so it hasn't, you pretty terrible. Uh, so it hasn't, you know, decided to use the research agent know, decided to use the research agent know, decided to use the research agent in this case. Um, this is definitely not in this case. Um, this is definitely not in this case. Um, this is definitely not a production system, so you would not be a production system, so you would not be a production system, so you would not be doing such a terrible prompt as this. doing such a terrible prompt as this. doing such a terrible prompt as this. But if you need to do any deep research But if you need to do any deep research But if you need to do any deep research on any topic, please use the research on any topic, please use the research on any topic, please use the research tool. For example, if you need to look tool. For example, if you need to look tool. For example, if you need to look up nearby nearby locations, please use up nearby nearby locations, please use up nearby nearby locations, please use the research tool. So, we'll kind of the research tool. So, we'll kind of the research tool. So, we'll kind of force it to do that, but obviously you force it to do that, but obviously you force it to do that, but obviously you don't need to do this. Um, this is just don't need to do this. Um, this is just don't need to do this. Um, this is just to give it an example. Give it other to give it an example. Give it other to give it an example. Give it other examples, and it should be able to examples, and it should be able to examples, and it should be able to handle more stuff that is similar to handle more stuff that is similar to handle more stuff that is similar to this. Um, but otherwise just to get it this. Um, but otherwise just to get it this. Um, but otherwise just to get it to work. Hey, can you please send an to work. Hey, can you please send an to work. Hey, can you please send an email off to Greg letting him know that email off to Greg letting him know that email off to Greg letting him know that we're going to be getting donuts we're going to be getting donuts we're going to be getting donuts tomorrow in the San Francisco area from tomorrow in the San Francisco area from tomorrow in the San Francisco area from 5 to 6:00 p.m. If you could also book 5 to 6:00 p.m. If you could also book 5 to 6:00 p.m. If you could also book the appointment right away. We don't the appointment right away. We don't the appointment right away. We don't have to ask Greg at all. Just book it in have to ask Greg at all. Just book it in have to ask Greg at all. Just book it in for 5 to 6 p.m. with Greg. Greg's email for 5 to 6 p.m. with Greg. Greg's email for 5 to 6 p.m. with Greg. Greg's email is greginflate. is greginflate. is greginflate. Also, do some research. So, we want to Also, do some research. So, we want to Also, do some research. So, we want to be doing some research on the doughut be doing some research on the doughut be doing some research on the doughut places in the San Francisco area. So, do places in the San Francisco area. So, do places in the San Francisco area. So, do some research and then just send some of some research and then just send some of some research and then just send some of the options off to Greg. And there we the options off to Greg. And there we the options off to Greg. And there we go. All agents were just triggered in go. All agents were just triggered in go. All agents were just triggered in that request. We got some emails sent that request. We got some emails sent that request. We got some emails sent out. We got a calendar booked in. And we out. We got a calendar booked in. And we out. We got a calendar booked in. And we got our research agent going as well. got our research agent going as well. got our research agent going as well. This is the appointment it just made This is the appointment it just made This is the appointment it just made with Greg. So, appointment with Greg for with Greg. So, appointment with Greg for with Greg. So, appointment with Greg for tomorrow at 5:00 to 6 p.m., which is tomorrow at 5:00 to 6 p.m., which is tomorrow at 5:00 to 6 p.m., which is awesome. That's exactly when I wanted to awesome. That's exactly when I wanted to awesome. That's exactly when I wanted to do it. It even set the location here to do it. It even set the location here to do it. It even set the location here to San Francisco. And it also added a San Francisco. And it also added a San Francisco. And it also added a description at the bottom here saying description at the bottom here saying description at the bottom here saying going to eat donuts with Greg. And this going to eat donuts with Greg. And this going to eat donuts with Greg. And this right here is the email that it also right here is the email that it also right here is the email that it also sent off to Greg as well, telling him sent off to Greg as well, telling him sent off to Greg as well, telling him that we've got an appointment tomorrow that we've got an appointment tomorrow that we've got an appointment tomorrow from 5:00 to 6:00 p.m. to go eat donuts from 5:00 to 6:00 p.m. to go eat donuts from 5:00 to 6:00 p.m. to go eat donuts in San Francisco. And here are some of in San Francisco. And here are some of in San Francisco. And here are some of the best places that I've researched the best places that I've researched the best places that I've researched that it has found as well. And if we that it has found as well. And if we that it has found as well. And if we have a look at the actual researched have a look at the actual researched have a look at the actual researched agent and look at Perplexity, you'll see agent and look at Perplexity, you'll see agent and look at Perplexity, you'll see all the research that it did here and all the research that it did here and all the research that it did here and you'll see that it's got some articles you'll see that it's got some articles you'll see that it's got some articles that it read through. You'll see that that it read through. You'll see that that it read through. You'll see that it's got a lot of articles that I went it's got a lot of articles that I went it's got a lot of articles that I went through with the best donuts in San through with the best donuts in San through with the best donuts in San Francisco. bunch of other articles here Francisco. bunch of other articles here Francisco. bunch of other articles here as well as to everything that I did as well as to everything that I did as well as to everything that I did research on that went back to the research on that went back to the research on that went back to the research agent and sent through a bunch research agent and sent through a bunch research agent and sent through a bunch of different locations that we could go of different locations that we could go of different locations that we could go to which was obviously emailed to Greg to which was obviously emailed to Greg to which was obviously emailed to Greg as well. So there we have it. We've now as well. So there we have it. We've now as well. So there we have it. We've now got our multi- AI agent personal got our multi- AI agent personal got our multi- AI agent personal assistant system which I can get on assistant system which I can get on assistant system which I can get on Telegram on my phone wherever in the Telegram on my phone wherever in the Telegram on my phone wherever in the world I am and I can tell it to send an world I am and I can tell it to send an world I am and I can tell it to send an email to whoever. We can get it to book email to whoever. We can get it to book email to whoever. We can get it to book appointments whenever and we can get it appointments whenever and we can get it appointments whenever and we can get it to do some deep research and all be to do some deep research and all be to do some deep research and all be interconnected with each other as well. interconnected with each other as well. interconnected with each other as well. We can research stuff and then send it We can research stuff and then send it We can research stuff and then send it off to people, book events, and it can off to people, book events, and it can off to people, book events, and it can all talk to each other. And not only all talk to each other. And not only all talk to each other. And not only that, but it's going to have memory of that, but it's going to have memory of that, but it's going to have memory of everything that's happening as well. So everything that's happening as well. So everything that's happening as well. So each individual agent will have memory each individual agent will have memory each individual agent will have memory on the entire Telegram transcript that I on the entire Telegram transcript that I on the entire Telegram transcript that I had as well. Now, just a quick note, I had as well. Now, just a quick note, I had as well. Now, just a quick note, I just checked my YouTube analytics and it just checked my YouTube analytics and it just checked my YouTube analytics and it turns out that 80% of you are actually turns out that 80% of you are actually turns out that 80% of you are actually not subscribed. So chances are if you not subscribed. So chances are if you not subscribed. So chances are if you check the subscribe button, you're check the subscribe button, you're check the subscribe button, you're probably not subscribed. So if you could probably not subscribed. So if you could probably not subscribed. So if you could subscribe, that would be awesome. And if subscribe, that would be awesome. And if subscribe, that would be awesome. And if you could like the video, that would be you could like the video, that would be you could like the video, that would be amazing as well. And if you do see a amazing as well. And if you do see a amazing as well. And if you do see a hype button, which is kind of like a new hype button, which is kind of like a new hype button, which is kind of like a new feature by YouTube, click that button feature by YouTube, click that button feature by YouTube, click that button cuz it actually really helps out. And if cuz it actually really helps out. And if cuz it actually really helps out. And if you do want to learn how to build these you do want to learn how to build these you do want to learn how to build these NEN AI workflows without having to do NEN AI workflows without having to do NEN AI workflows without having to do any of the sort of manual building any of the sort of manual building any of the sort of manual building yourself and and you want to use NN's yourself and and you want to use NN's yourself and and you want to use NN's new AI workflow builder, check out my new AI workflow builder, check out my new AI workflow builder, check out my video on it right Yo.
