Let's be honest. How many amazing AI Let's be honest. How many amazing AI Let's be honest. How many amazing AI agents have you built that are currently agents have you built that are currently agents have you built that are currently just in Jupiter notebooks, still just in Jupiter notebooks, still just in Jupiter notebooks, still existing within local Python scripts, or existing within local Python scripts, or existing within local Python scripts, or even worse, never make it out of those even worse, never make it out of those even worse, never make it out of those default web UIs? AI agents are great in default web UIs? AI agents are great in default web UIs? AI agents are great in isolation and they work well in default isolation and they work well in default isolation and they work well in default web UI, but the moment you try to web UI, but the moment you try to web UI, but the moment you try to integrate them into your actual integrate them into your actual integrate them into your actual production application, some kind of production application, some kind of production application, some kind of front end or a backend, everything seems front end or a backend, everything seems front end or a backend, everything seems to fall apart. They don't fit. The to fall apart. They don't fit. The to fall apart. They don't fit. The problem isn't your agent, it's how it's problem isn't your agent, it's how it's problem isn't your agent, it's how it's architected. Monolithic AI scripts don't architected. Monolithic AI scripts don't architected. Monolithic AI scripts don't really play nicely with modern really play nicely with modern really play nicely with modern production systems or systems that you production systems or systems that you production systems or systems that you already have that exist. Today, we're already have that exist. Today, we're already have that exist. Today, we're going to fix that. We'll build an AI going to fix that. We'll build an AI going to fix that. We'll build an AI system designed from day one to be system designed from day one to be system designed from day one to be integrated. It's going to be a integrated. It's going to be a integrated. It's going to be a distributed team of specialists that distributed team of specialists that distributed team of specialists that your existing app can actually talk to. your existing app can actually talk to. your existing app can actually talk to. So, in this demo series, we're going to So, in this demo series, we're going to So, in this demo series, we're going to be building a course creator. It's an AI be building a course creator. It's an AI be building a course creator. It's an AI agent system that will plug directly agent system that will plug directly agent system that will plug directly into your standard web front end. Behind into your standard web front end. Behind into your standard web front end. Behind this simple UI, there's a whole squad of this simple UI, there's a whole squad of this simple UI, there's a whole squad of AI agents working. First is a researcher AI agents working. First is a researcher AI agents working. First is a researcher agent who finds the facts. Then is a agent who finds the facts. Then is a agent who finds the facts. Then is a judge agent who's surprisingly picky. It judge agent who's surprisingly picky. It judge agent who's surprisingly picky. It evaluates those facts in a loop until evaluates those facts in a loop until evaluates those facts in a loop until they're good enough. Once the judge is they're good enough. Once the judge is they're good enough. Once the judge is happy, it passes everything to the happy, it passes everything to the happy, it passes everything to the content builder agent, and that one content builder agent, and that one content builder agent, and that one writes the final course, which then writes the final course, which then writes the final course, which then streams back to our user. We're using streams back to our user. We're using streams back to our user. We're using Google's agent development kit or ADK Google's agent development kit or ADK Google's agent development kit or ADK for short to build these specialized for short to build these specialized for short to build these specialized brains using patterns like loop agent brains using patterns like loop agent brains using patterns like loop agent and sequential agent. Finally, we're and sequential agent. Finally, we're and sequential agent. Finally, we're going to be using agentto aagent going to be using agentto aagent going to be using agentto aagent protocol or a toa for short to let them protocol or a toa for short to let them protocol or a toa for short to let them talk to each other over standard web talk to each other over standard web talk to each other over standard web protocols. This just means that all of protocols. This just means that all of protocols. This just means that all of our agents are microservices. Your app our agents are microservices. Your app our agents are microservices. Your app knows already how to talk to different knows already how to talk to different knows already how to talk to different microservices. Let's look at the microservices. Let's look at the microservices. Let's look at the researcher first. In ADK, it's simple. researcher first. In ADK, it's simple. researcher first. In ADK, it's simple. Give it a model, Gemini 2.5 for example, Give it a model, Gemini 2.5 for example, Give it a model, Gemini 2.5 for example, and a tool. Google search. Its and a tool. Google search. Its and a tool. Google search. Its instruction is focused. Find data. instruction is focused. Find data. instruction is focused. Find data. Summarize it. Done. Now, let's take a Summarize it. Done. Now, let's take a Summarize it. Done. Now, let's take a look at the judge. This is crucial. If look at the judge. This is crucial. If look at the judge. This is crucial. If you're building automated workflows, you you're building automated workflows, you you're building automated workflows, you can't have agents replying with maybe or can't have agents replying with maybe or can't have agents replying with maybe or it depends. You need hard data. ADK lets it depends. You need hard data. ADK lets it depends. You need hard data. ADK lets us force a contract using paidantic. We us force a contract using paidantic. We us force a contract using paidantic. We define a judge feedback model that must define a judge feedback model that must define a judge feedback model that must return a literal pass or fail. It's return a literal pass or fail. It's return a literal pass or fail. It's essentially type safety but for your AI. essentially type safety but for your AI. essentially type safety but for your AI. We attach this output schema to our We attach this output schema to our We attach this output schema to our agent and it's reliable. Now, it's an agent and it's reliable. Now, it's an agent and it's reliable. Now, it's an API that happens to speak English API that happens to speak English API that happens to speak English internally. But do they work? We don't internally. But do they work? We don't internally. But do they work? We don't guess, we test. The ADK has a built-in guess, we test. The ADK has a built-in guess, we test. The ADK has a built-in playground that allows us to do this. I playground that allows us to do this. I playground that allows us to do this. I can feed the judge some terrible can feed the judge some terrible can feed the judge some terrible research I just made up and verify it research I just made up and verify it research I just made up and verify it fails me with structured JSON. It's much fails me with structured JSON. It's much fails me with structured JSON. It's much easier to debug this now than when it's easier to debug this now than when it's easier to debug this now than when it's buried in a massive workflow. So to buried in a massive workflow. So to buried in a massive workflow. So to recap, we built focused agents with recap, we built focused agents with recap, we built focused agents with single responsibilities. We use single responsibilities. We use single responsibilities. We use pideantic schemas to force reliable pideantic schemas to force reliable pideantic schemas to force reliable structured output from our judge and we structured output from our judge and we structured output from our judge and we verified them individually before trying verified them individually before trying verified them individually before trying to wire them together. So now that our to wire them together. So now that our to wire them together. So now that our team is hired, we need to give them a team is hired, we need to give them a team is hired, we need to give them a way to talk to each other without us way to talk to each other without us way to talk to each other without us constantly mediating. Bye for now. Heat. [Music] Hey, Heat.
