POV, it's 2024, and you wanna add an AI agent into your web or mobile application, but you've never used AWS before and you're feeling a little bit apprehensive about the learning curve. If this is you, then don't worry. You're in the right place. In this video, I'll show you the absolute easiest step-by-step method for anyone to launch AI agents on AWS. Look, I showed this video to my grandmother last week, and yesterday she told me she just raised funding for her AI store, so you're in good hands. And as a bonus, I'm going to provide a script that will literally automate 90% of the steps I talk about today in minutes. Alright, let's get started. First, we need to get super comfy and feel at home in the AWS environment. As you can see, you're greeted by a spacious and lively dashboard with sections that, over time, will house your most precious digital building blocks. Up here, it shows you the region you're currently part of. Now, generally, you wanna be accessing the region that's closest to you and your customers, which will make things faster and more cost effective. Since we're just experimenting right now, it won't matter much, except when selecting an AI model, which may not be available in all regions, which now brings us to the fun stuff, the AI. Bedrock is the headquarters of generative AI app development on AWS. First thing we need to do though, before anything else, is requesting access to the AI models that we wanna use. Some models are only available in certain regions, so make sure you're in the region where the model that you want is available. Once you request access, it shouldn't take long for you to get access and start chatting with the model right away in the Bedrock playground. Then, once you're happy with the performance of a particular large language model, then you can go ahead and create a knowledge base or an agent to use that LLM. But you may be wondering, what is the difference between an AI agent and a large language model? Well, I'd say an AI agent is about three times more powerful than just chatting with an LLM, and I'll tell you why. The level above using an LLM directly is using it with a knowledge base. You may have heard the term RAG, which is retrieval-augmented generation. Now, we don't need to get into the technicalities of how RAG works, but a knowledge base is like giving an LLM specific data to be more contextually relevant for what you're trying to do. Now, look at it this way. The raw LLM is like someone joining a company on day one. The LLM plus the knowledge base is someone who's gone through an onboarding and a couple of years of experience. They're not only smart, but they know the company, the processes, the data, the clients, and how things are done, and the next level up is an agent, and the key word here is orchestration. This allows an LLM to break down tasks sequentially, plug into a system, and get things done. So let's go back to that person who just joined the company. Now, imagine when they joined, they were never assigned a cubicle or a computer. They just stood there, lurking in the corner, and when you wanted something from them, you had to go up and ask them. And now imagine the difference when they're actually sitting at a computer, plugged into the system, able to take actions like a real employee. That's an agent. Now, we get to CloudFormation, which is the service we're gonna use to upload the template file linked below. CloudFormation helps you automate the deployment of resources and relationships between them on AWS using a simple script. All you need to do is upload the CloudFormation script linked below, and it will output the URL of your API Gateway for your new AI agent. Now, while it's running, let me tell you about the services being created in the background. The first thing that's created is the knowledge base on Amazon Bedrock, plus a new S3 bucket, which is the storage location where we'll be uploading files that we want the knowledge base to use, and then we create the agent and link it to the knowledge base. Now that we've created our agent, now it's time to make it reachable, which we'll need two more services, Lambda and API Gateway. Lambda allows you to create microservice functions. Basically that means you could run a function, a block of code, without worrying about servers or infrastructure or load balancing or anything like that. Now, I'm not going to get into whether a microservice architecture or monolithic architecture is better generally. I'm going nowhere near that knife fight. But what I will say is that microservices are absolutely magical for prototyping quickly and keeping costs low, because the best part is you only pay for when that function is called. Now that we've created our Lambda function, we want to make it accessible publicly. Now, there's gonna be certain cases where we don't need to do this, but in our case, we want a publicly-accessible REST API. For that, we'll need API Gateway. And at this point, we need to talk about one of the absolutely critical services on AWS that anyone needs to understand, which is called IAM. Now, it's a common misconception that IAM's called that 'cause it might make you question your own existence, but the truth is it stands for identity and access management, and it's what helps you manage and secure the relationships between services and users. From an infrastructure point of view, it is absolutely essential to understand it, because security is the main priority of AWS, and that's why it is the most secure cloud platform. And for our case, we need to set up the IAM identities and permissions, so that each service has the proper access to each other. Now, usually I'd be explaining right now for quite a while how to define these relationships and security permissions between services and users. But I like you, and like I said, this tutorial is for everyone to get started with AI agents quickly. So I'm going to automate those steps for you. So by now, our template should be done. Now, the next steps are to add the files in our S3 bucket, so our knowledge base can read from them, and to add any necessary actions for our AI agent. Now, let me show you two practical use cases of AI agents that any SaaS startup can use. First, our presales agent. This agent makes your pricing page interactive. It can explain features, it could calculate usage, it could suggest plans, and it could even schedule demos. The agent would be connected via knowledge base to your product and pricing information. Second is the customer success agent. It's an agent that makes sure that users get to the wow moment of your product. As actions, it could review the usage data of that particular user, compare it to the expected customer journey, and then generate personalized guides to help that user reach the next step. Now, you may be wondering two things. How secure is this, and how much does it cost? In terms of the billing and costs, if you've just signed up to AWS, then you're eligible for the free tier. The free tier allows you to use resources up to a certain limit to experiment. Now, what I've done in this CloudFormation script is include billing alerts that will alert you once you're getting close to finishing those free tier credits. I see setting up billing alerts as less of a financial issue and more of a medical one. It's heart attack prevention. In terms of security, we are just using this to test an API. This is not to release publicly or be part of a deployed application for users. To do that, we need to use something like Cognito to be able to secure the service. So to recap, we went to Amazon Bedrock and created an AI agent. Then, we created a Lambda function to be able to communicate with that agent. We added API Gateway to make that Lambda function publicly accessible, and then we used CloudFormation to set up all of these resources, including the IAM permissions, to allow everything to work properly, and also set up important billing alerts that help us be confident when experimenting with this. And don't forget to delete the CloudFormation script when you're done experimenting, and that will automatically remove all of the resources it created, and you don't have to worry about anything else. If you have questions about anything I described in this video or using the CloudFormation script, let me know below. And if you ever get stuck or confused, you could just click this icon to open up Amazon Q, which is like your AI assistant on AWS. Can answer any questions about services and how to do things very easily. I hope you've enjoyed and gotten value out of this. My name is Basil Fateen, and I'm here to help you bring your ideas to life using generative AI on AWS. Thank you for watching.
