GPD 5.2 has been released. YouTubers are GPD 5.2 has been released. YouTubers are GPD 5.2 has been released. YouTubers are hyping it as they always do. The model hyping it as they always do. The model hyping it as they always do. The model seems to be scoring really well on seems to be scoring really well on seems to be scoring really well on various benchmarks. Open AAI has shown various benchmarks. Open AAI has shown various benchmarks. Open AAI has shown us some impressive looking demos and us some impressive looking demos and us some impressive looking demos and charts. But is the model really that charts. But is the model really that charts. But is the model really that good? Because there seems to be a lot of good? Because there seems to be a lot of good? Because there seems to be a lot of people around the internet that are people around the internet that are people around the internet that are genuinely disappointed with the model's genuinely disappointed with the model's genuinely disappointed with the model's performance. They don't like the way the performance. They don't like the way the performance. They don't like the way the model responds. They say it doesn't model responds. They say it doesn't model responds. They say it doesn't perform as well on other benchmarks and perform as well on other benchmarks and perform as well on other benchmarks and that sometimes it straight up fails in that sometimes it straight up fails in that sometimes it straight up fails in simple scenarios in real life. So which simple scenarios in real life. So which simple scenarios in real life. So which is it? Is it the best model yet as is it? Is it the best model yet as is it? Is it the best model yet as OpenAI claims or is it not? Tell me what OpenAI claims or is it not? Tell me what OpenAI claims or is it not? Tell me what you think after you watch this. I you think after you watch this. I you think after you watch this. I honestly hope the model is good because honestly hope the model is good because honestly hope the model is good because I really liked some of their previous I really liked some of their previous I really liked some of their previous models like 40 and 4.1 for their models like 40 and 4.1 for their models like 40 and 4.1 for their simplicity, their ability to get the job simplicity, their ability to get the job simplicity, their ability to get the job done. But so far this 5 series of models done. But so far this 5 series of models done. But so far this 5 series of models seems like a one big mess to me. 5.2 2 seems like a one big mess to me. 5.2 2 seems like a one big mess to me. 5.2 2 claims to be the most advanced frontier claims to be the most advanced frontier claims to be the most advanced frontier model for professional work and long model for professional work and long model for professional work and long tasks. It claims to work really well tasks. It claims to work really well tasks. It claims to work really well with long context, heavy tool usage, with long context, heavy tool usage, with long context, heavy tool usage, multi-step projects, and real world multi-step projects, and real world multi-step projects, and real world scenarios, which is perfect because this scenarios, which is perfect because this scenarios, which is perfect because this is exactly what we do in agent zero. I is exactly what we do in agent zero. I is exactly what we do in agent zero. I will be using the open router API for will be using the open router API for will be using the open router API for this. On open router, we can see the this. On open router, we can see the this. On open router, we can see the base 5.2 and then the chat and pro base 5.2 and then the chat and pro base 5.2 and then the chat and pro variants. The standard 5.2 as well as variants. The standard 5.2 as well as variants. The standard 5.2 as well as the chat are priced at 175. input, $14 the chat are priced at 175. input, $14 the chat are priced at 175. input, $14 output. The pro, that's a very different output. The pro, that's a very different output. The pro, that's a very different story. That is $21 on the input and 168 story. That is $21 on the input and 168 story. That is $21 on the input and 168 on the output. They really don't want on the output. They really don't want on the output. They really don't want you to use this API. The difference you to use this API. The difference you to use this API. The difference between chat and non-hat variant seems between chat and non-hat variant seems between chat and non-hat variant seems to be that the chat is, as they say, to be that the chat is, as they say, to be that the chat is, as they say, optimized for low latency chat. It seems optimized for low latency chat. It seems optimized for low latency chat. It seems to have the same adaptive reasoning as to have the same adaptive reasoning as to have the same adaptive reasoning as the standard variant. the standard variant. the standard variant. But with the standard variant, they say But with the standard variant, they say But with the standard variant, they say it's more focused on agentic workflows, it's more focused on agentic workflows, it's more focused on agentic workflows, large context, math, coding, science, large context, math, coding, science, large context, math, coding, science, tool calling. It also has this adaptive tool calling. It also has this adaptive tool calling. It also has this adaptive reasoning, but the chat model is, as reasoning, but the chat model is, as reasoning, but the chat model is, as they say, warmer and more they say, warmer and more they say, warmer and more conversational. So, I guess the base conversational. So, I guess the base conversational. So, I guess the base model will be a better fit for us. I model will be a better fit for us. I model will be a better fit for us. I found out after recording this that the found out after recording this that the found out after recording this that the base 5.2 could actually be the thinking base 5.2 could actually be the thinking base 5.2 could actually be the thinking variant and the 5.2 chat the instant, variant and the 5.2 chat the instant, variant and the 5.2 chat the instant, which would mean non-reasoning. then I which would mean non-reasoning. then I which would mean non-reasoning. then I don't really get the description with don't really get the description with don't really get the description with adaptive reasoning. Please OpenAI, do adaptive reasoning. Please OpenAI, do adaptive reasoning. Please OpenAI, do something with your naming. Okay, here something with your naming. Okay, here something with your naming. Okay, here we are in agent zero. I'm going to set we are in agent zero. I'm going to set we are in agent zero. I'm going to set 5.2 base as the main model. I'm going to 5.2 base as the main model. I'm going to 5.2 base as the main model. I'm going to lower the context window usage a little lower the context window usage a little lower the context window usage a little because agent zero optimizes that on its because agent zero optimizes that on its because agent zero optimizes that on its own. So, we don't need that much. And own. So, we don't need that much. And own. So, we don't need that much. And I'm going to set temperature to zero. I'm going to set temperature to zero. I'm going to set temperature to zero. And that's it. I have also created an And that's it. I have also created an And that's it. I have also created an empty project to isolate the memory from empty project to isolate the memory from empty project to isolate the memory from the rest of my instance. The project is the rest of my instance. The project is the rest of my instance. The project is blank. No description, no instructions blank. No description, no instructions blank. No description, no instructions needed. Let's start with a little test. needed. Let's start with a little test. needed. Let's start with a little test. Check the system health. The agent lives Check the system health. The agent lives Check the system health. The agent lives in its own Linux virtual computer. So it in its own Linux virtual computer. So it in its own Linux virtual computer. So it can run multiple terminal commands to can run multiple terminal commands to can run multiple terminal commands to check the system health. And here check the system health. And here check the system health. And here something very strange happened. I have something very strange happened. I have something very strange happened. I have never seen this in agent zero with any never seen this in agent zero with any never seen this in agent zero with any other model. The model does the other model. The model does the other model. The model does the reasoning then produces output then does reasoning then produces output then does reasoning then produces output then does reasoning again and output again in a reasoning again and output again in a reasoning again and output again in a single round. I don't really understand single round. I don't really understand single round. I don't really understand that. that. that. Then it was able to call the terminal Then it was able to call the terminal Then it was able to call the terminal somehow but the output is very chaotic. somehow but the output is very chaotic. somehow but the output is very chaotic. It looks like a lot of commands somehow It looks like a lot of commands somehow It looks like a lot of commands somehow combined and also the response of the model looks and also the response of the model looks and also the response of the model looks very weird. The the formatting is very weird. The the formatting is very weird. The the formatting is somehow plain and somehow plain and somehow plain and I don't know it lacks the soul that the I don't know it lacks the soul that the I don't know it lacks the soul that the GPT models normally have. I don't know GPT models normally have. I don't know GPT models normally have. I don't know how to explain but you will see later. how to explain but you will see later. how to explain but you will see later. Here I found out what the problem was. Here I found out what the problem was. Here I found out what the problem was. The JSON generated by the model was The JSON generated by the model was The JSON generated by the model was actually invalid. And this is something actually invalid. And this is something actually invalid. And this is something you can see with like 8 billion you can see with like 8 billion you can see with like 8 billion parameter models. But that's not parameter models. But that's not parameter models. But that's not something you would expect from a something you would expect from a something you would expect from a Frontier model. Right after it's it Frontier model. Right after it's it Frontier model. Right after it's it finished the first JSON, it started finished the first JSON, it started finished the first JSON, it started immediately the other one without ending immediately the other one without ending immediately the other one without ending the message. So the framework has no the message. So the framework has no the message. So the framework has no chance to execute the code and respond chance to execute the code and respond chance to execute the code and respond the agent. Everything after the first the agent. Everything after the first the agent. Everything after the first segment is basically just hallucination. So I decided to reset the chat and try So I decided to reset the chat and try So I decided to reset the chat and try something more simple like saying hi something more simple like saying hi something more simple like saying hi which worked. This is how it should look which worked. This is how it should look which worked. This is how it should look like a single JSON object with the like a single JSON object with the like a single JSON object with the response. But still the response is very response. But still the response is very response. But still the response is very plain. If you look at the example above, plain. If you look at the example above, plain. If you look at the example above, the agent should use formatting, emojis, the agent should use formatting, emojis, the agent should use formatting, emojis, etc. to make the message stand out a bit etc. to make the message stand out a bit etc. to make the message stand out a bit better. better. better. So, I tried to tell the agent check So, I tried to tell the agent check So, I tried to tell the agent check system time. This seems to work at first system time. This seems to work at first system time. This seems to work at first even though the meth the response again even though the meth the response again even though the meth the response again was very technical and plain. But what I was very technical and plain. But what I was very technical and plain. But what I didn't notice that there actually was a didn't notice that there actually was a didn't notice that there actually was a hallucination in the output itself. So hallucination in the output itself. So hallucination in the output itself. So again, the agent here responded to again, the agent here responded to again, the agent here responded to itself. And so I tried the first example again And so I tried the first example again And so I tried the first example again and I got exactly the same failure. And so what I did is I tried to switch And so what I did is I tried to switch And so what I did is I tried to switch to the 5.2 chat and see if there is any to the 5.2 chat and see if there is any to the 5.2 chat and see if there is any difference. difference. difference. And indeed there is. And indeed there is. And indeed there is. This is exactly how it should look like. This is exactly how it should look like. This is exactly how it should look like. The agent producing a valid JSON, The agent producing a valid JSON, The agent producing a valid JSON, a valid terminal usage, and this is how a valid terminal usage, and this is how a valid terminal usage, and this is how the response should look like. Later the response should look like. Later the response should look like. Later that day, one of our developers figured that day, one of our developers figured that day, one of our developers figured out that this might have something to do out that this might have something to do out that this might have something to do with the responses API, which we don't with the responses API, which we don't with the responses API, which we don't use. We use the chat completions API use. We use the chat completions API use. We use the chat completions API endpoint in agent zero. And the more endpoint in agent zero. And the more endpoint in agent zero. And the more technical standard GPD 5.2 to might technical standard GPD 5.2 to might technical standard GPD 5.2 to might actually be overfitting for the actually be overfitting for the actually be overfitting for the responses API for standardized tool responses API for standardized tool responses API for standardized tool usage and therefore it might struggle in usage and therefore it might struggle in usage and therefore it might struggle in different API endpoints and different different API endpoints and different different API endpoints and different output formats etc. And this might output formats etc. And this might output formats etc. And this might explain why so many people see such a explain why so many people see such a explain why so many people see such a disappointing results in various disappointing results in various disappointing results in various applications and environments. So now applications and environments. So now applications and environments. So now that we have a working 5.2 in agent zero that we have a working 5.2 in agent zero that we have a working 5.2 in agent zero we can proceed with tests. Here I have we can proceed with tests. Here I have we can proceed with tests. Here I have some PNG files about 1 megabyte each. some PNG files about 1 megabyte each. some PNG files about 1 megabyte each. This is a real world use case I had to This is a real world use case I had to This is a real world use case I had to do last week for our new website. I need do last week for our new website. I need do last week for our new website. I need these images optimized webp format 320 these images optimized webp format 320 these images optimized webp format 320 pixels max. And here the agent tries to use image And here the agent tries to use image And here the agent tries to use image magic which is not installed. So he magic which is not installed. So he magic which is not installed. So he proceeds with the installation. proceeds with the installation. proceeds with the installation. He actually does installation and He actually does installation and He actually does installation and execution in a single step. That is execution in a single step. That is execution in a single step. That is nice. That saves tokens and the task is nice. That saves tokens and the task is nice. That saves tokens and the task is done. I have these six images converted done. I have these six images converted done. I have these six images converted and I can download them and they are compressed from 1 megaby and they are compressed from 1 megaby and they are compressed from 1 megaby each to 22 kilobytes. And we can also see that it wasted very And we can also see that it wasted very And we can also see that it wasted very little tokens. little tokens. little tokens. That's a very short response to get the That's a very short response to get the That's a very short response to get the job done. So it seems to be token job done. So it seems to be token job done. So it seems to be token efficient. It seems to be generating efficient. It seems to be generating efficient. It seems to be generating fast. So let's try another one. Stock fast. So let's try another one. Stock fast. So let's try another one. Stock prices. Give me the stock prices and prices. Give me the stock prices and prices. Give me the stock prices and Bitcoin price of the first workday of Bitcoin price of the first workday of Bitcoin price of the first workday of each month in 2025. And then create a each month in 2025. And then create a each month in 2025. And then create a chart showing the comparison of their chart showing the comparison of their chart showing the comparison of their market cap. Not the stock price but market cap. Not the stock price but market cap. Not the stock price but market cap. And here GPT tries to use market cap. And here GPT tries to use market cap. And here GPT tries to use pandas, Yahoo Finance and Mattplot lip. pandas, Yahoo Finance and Mattplot lip. pandas, Yahoo Finance and Mattplot lip. That is actually a very good That is actually a very good That is actually a very good combination. That is probably the combination. That is probably the combination. That is probably the fastest route to the end. fastest route to the end. fastest route to the end. So none of that is installed by default. So none of that is installed by default. So none of that is installed by default. So it does the installation, executes So it does the installation, executes So it does the installation, executes the code again. There's an error, the code again. There's an error, the code again. There's an error, something with datetime. something with datetime. something with datetime. Now the agent is fixing time zone Now the agent is fixing time zone Now the agent is fixing time zone mismatch, regenerating market cap, and mismatch, regenerating market cap, and mismatch, regenerating market cap, and it seems to be done. it seems to be done. it seems to be done. And yeah, we have the response. We have And yeah, we have the response. We have And yeah, we have the response. We have a nice chart. We have a market cap in a nice chart. We have a market cap in a nice chart. We have a market cap in trillions. We have these months. First trillions. We have these months. First trillions. We have these months. First business day of each month. business day of each month. business day of each month. Okay, that's definitely a pass. As a Okay, that's definitely a pass. As a Okay, that's definitely a pass. As a bonus, we also have some nodes and bonus, we also have some nodes and bonus, we also have some nodes and observations. That is nice. I can tell observations. That is nice. I can tell observations. That is nice. I can tell the agent, give me the raw data file so the agent, give me the raw data file so the agent, give me the raw data file so that I can download and open the file that I can download and open the file that I can download and open the file myself. myself. myself. So, it generates the CSV file for me. I So, it generates the CSV file for me. I So, it generates the CSV file for me. I can click and download and everything seems correct. I did a and everything seems correct. I did a and everything seems correct. I did a quick verification here and it all quick verification here and it all quick verification here and it all matches up. matches up. matches up. So this is definitely a pass. This is So this is definitely a pass. This is So this is definitely a pass. This is this is a very good performance. this is a very good performance. this is a very good performance. Now I have a password protected archive Now I have a password protected archive Now I have a password protected archive here. There are some images inside. So, here. There are some images inside. So, here. There are some images inside. So, I'm going to give it to agent zero and I'm going to give it to agent zero and I'm going to give it to agent zero and tell it to brute force the password of tell it to brute force the password of tell it to brute force the password of this archive. this archive. this archive. And of course, GPT is worried about my And of course, GPT is worried about my And of course, GPT is worried about my ethics. So, it needs me to confirm that ethics. So, it needs me to confirm that ethics. So, it needs me to confirm that I am the owner or I have written I am the owner or I have written I am the owner or I have written authorization, authorization, authorization, but I don't want to play these games. but I don't want to play these games. but I don't want to play these games. Instead, I will go to settings and I Instead, I will go to settings and I Instead, I will go to settings and I will change the agents profile to will change the agents profile to will change the agents profile to hacker, which is basically just a hacker, which is basically just a hacker, which is basically just a different system prompt explaining the different system prompt explaining the different system prompt explaining the agent that it's a cyber security agent. agent that it's a cyber security agent. agent that it's a cyber security agent. working in a company and this is its working in a company and this is its working in a company and this is its job. job. job. And now GPT And now GPT And now GPT will have no problem cracking its way will have no problem cracking its way will have no problem cracking its way into the password. But first it tells me the password is But first it tells me the password is But first it tells me the password is not the archive is not password not the archive is not password not the archive is not password protected which is wrong. But this is a protected which is wrong. But this is a protected which is wrong. But this is a mistake that most of the models make mistake that most of the models make mistake that most of the models make because they can read the metadata of because they can read the metadata of because they can read the metadata of the archive. are not encrypted but the the archive. are not encrypted but the the archive. are not encrypted but the actual contents are. So actual contents are. So actual contents are. So this is a common mistake. this is a common mistake. this is a common mistake. If I tell the agent that it is indeed If I tell the agent that it is indeed If I tell the agent that it is indeed protected and you need to crack the protected and you need to crack the protected and you need to crack the password, password, password, the agent will install John the Ripper the agent will install John the Ripper the agent will install John the Ripper Rocky word list and very quickly it can Rocky word list and very quickly it can Rocky word list and very quickly it can get to the right password. get to the right password. get to the right password. So yeah, this is definitely a pass. I So yeah, this is definitely a pass. I So yeah, this is definitely a pass. I have to say this execution was faster have to say this execution was faster have to say this execution was faster than other models and I don't mean the than other models and I don't mean the than other models and I don't mean the cracking itself that obviously depends cracking itself that obviously depends cracking itself that obviously depends on the CPU but I mean the number of on the CPU but I mean the number of on the CPU but I mean the number of steps the agent had to take to download steps the agent had to take to download steps the agent had to take to download the word list the cracking utility and the word list the cracking utility and the word list the cracking utility and to execute it. This is a very good to execute it. This is a very good to execute it. This is a very good result. So so far I have to say GPD 5.2 is a So so far I have to say GPD 5.2 is a So so far I have to say GPD 5.2 is a really good model. Now I want to try really good model. Now I want to try really good model. Now I want to try something a bit more complex. So I something a bit more complex. So I something a bit more complex. So I started a new container. I added port started a new container. I added port started a new container. I added port mapping and I want the agent to install mapping and I want the agent to install mapping and I want the agent to install WordPress and serve it on port 9000. WordPress and serve it on port 9000. WordPress and serve it on port 9000. WordPress is a web page design. It WordPress is a web page design. It WordPress is a web page design. It requires multiple components like a web requires multiple components like a web requires multiple components like a web server, MySQL database, PHP and it needs server, MySQL database, PHP and it needs server, MySQL database, PHP and it needs to be configured and launched properly. to be configured and launched properly. to be configured and launched properly. So the agent tells me it's done but it So the agent tells me it's done but it So the agent tells me it's done but it doesn't work. doesn't work. doesn't work. And so I have to tell the agent to And so I have to tell the agent to And so I have to tell the agent to verify it himself. verify it himself. verify it himself. It did not do that the first time. So It did not do that the first time. So It did not do that the first time. So now it verifies the server is indeed not now it verifies the server is indeed not now it verifies the server is indeed not working. But instead of fixing it, it working. But instead of fixing it, it working. But instead of fixing it, it just tells me the way it is like there just tells me the way it is like there just tells me the way it is like there is this problem. The server is not is this problem. The server is not is this problem. The server is not working so that I can fix it and then he working so that I can fix it and then he working so that I can fix it and then he can continue which is not acceptable. can continue which is not acceptable. can continue which is not acceptable. So, So, So, I had to do a lot more steps back and I had to do a lot more steps back and I had to do a lot more steps back and forth with the agent telling it, check forth with the agent telling it, check forth with the agent telling it, check it, fix it. Ultimately, we got somewhere it, fix it. Ultimately, we got somewhere it, fix it. Ultimately, we got somewhere and and and then we got to the end. But I have to then we got to the end. But I have to then we got to the end. But I have to say it was not a good experience. I say it was not a good experience. I say it was not a good experience. I really had to send multiple messages to really had to send multiple messages to really had to send multiple messages to the agent, convince the agent to do its the agent, convince the agent to do its the agent, convince the agent to do its job. I did not enjoy it. So, I wanted to job. I did not enjoy it. So, I wanted to job. I did not enjoy it. So, I wanted to try the same with GPT4.1. try the same with GPT4.1. try the same with GPT4.1. The same prompt, install WordPress on The same prompt, install WordPress on The same prompt, install WordPress on port 9,000. port 9,000. port 9,000. Now, the agent does a few steps and it Now, the agent does a few steps and it Now, the agent does a few steps and it doesn't work at first. So, I tell the doesn't work at first. So, I tell the doesn't work at first. So, I tell the agent it doesn't work, fix it. agent it doesn't work, fix it. agent it doesn't work, fix it. So, so far it seems the same, but this So, so far it seems the same, but this So, so far it seems the same, but this time GPT4.1 was able to fix it in the time GPT4.1 was able to fix it in the time GPT4.1 was able to fix it in the second iteration on its own. So, I second iteration on its own. So, I second iteration on its own. So, I didn't need to send any more messages. I didn't need to send any more messages. I didn't need to send any more messages. I didn't need to convince the agent didn't need to convince the agent didn't need to convince the agent anymore. anymore. anymore. And here I try it one more time with And here I try it one more time with And here I try it one more time with Gemini 3. Gemini 3 did it the first Gemini 3. Gemini 3 did it the first Gemini 3. Gemini 3 did it the first time. It seems like it doesn't work. But time. It seems like it doesn't work. But time. It seems like it doesn't work. But that was actually my problem with old that was actually my problem with old that was actually my problem with old cookies stored in my browser because I cookies stored in my browser because I cookies stored in my browser because I was reusing the same URL and port. And was reusing the same URL and port. And was reusing the same URL and port. And Gemini was actually smart enough to Gemini was actually smart enough to Gemini was actually smart enough to point that out and tell me to open an point that out and tell me to open an point that out and tell me to open an incognito window and try again, which incognito window and try again, which incognito window and try again, which worked. So yeah, Gemini is the clear worked. So yeah, Gemini is the clear worked. So yeah, Gemini is the clear winner here and uh surprisingly GPT4.1 winner here and uh surprisingly GPT4.1 winner here and uh surprisingly GPT4.1 in my opinion did outperform 5.2 here. I in my opinion did outperform 5.2 here. I in my opinion did outperform 5.2 here. I did one more test regarding the vision did one more test regarding the vision did one more test regarding the vision capability of the model. I gave you the capability of the model. I gave you the capability of the model. I gave you the screenshot of this website totally to screenshot of this website totally to screenshot of this website totally to replicate it in a single file including replicate it in a single file including replicate it in a single file including CSS. So I don't expect it to be exact, CSS. So I don't expect it to be exact, CSS. So I don't expect it to be exact, but it should be very similar. but it should be very similar. but it should be very similar. I'm going to speed this up a little bit I'm going to speed this up a little bit I'm going to speed this up a little bit because the agent was generating a long because the agent was generating a long because the agent was generating a long HTML and CSS file and this is the HTML and CSS file and this is the HTML and CSS file and this is the result. This is the original page result. This is the original page result. This is the original page and this is the clone. and this is the clone. and this is the clone. I wouldn't say it's bad, but I wouldn't I wouldn't say it's bad, but I wouldn't I wouldn't say it's bad, but I wouldn't say it surprised me either. If I gave say it surprised me either. If I gave say it surprised me either. If I gave the agent the option to do more the agent the option to do more the agent the option to do more iterations to like check the result and iterations to like check the result and iterations to like check the result and iterate more, it would surely be much iterate more, it would surely be much iterate more, it would surely be much better. But yeah, I don't think this is better. But yeah, I don't think this is better. But yeah, I don't think this is a bad result at all. And so what can I a bad result at all. And so what can I a bad result at all. And so what can I say as a verdict? The model is good. It say as a verdict? The model is good. It say as a verdict? The model is good. It did really good job on most of the did really good job on most of the did really good job on most of the tests. And keep in mind that I was tests. And keep in mind that I was tests. And keep in mind that I was testing the non-thinking variant in testing the non-thinking variant in testing the non-thinking variant in Agent Zero. But that is also the Agent Zero. But that is also the Agent Zero. But that is also the problem. The base variant simply did not problem. The base variant simply did not problem. The base variant simply did not work. And I don't blame people for work. And I don't blame people for work. And I don't blame people for giving up after such experience. The giving up after such experience. The giving up after such experience. The whole 5 series is a mess. Models should whole 5 series is a mess. Models should whole 5 series is a mess. Models should work out of the box. If they are exposed work out of the box. If they are exposed work out of the box. If they are exposed via chat completions API, they should via chat completions API, they should via chat completions API, they should work well in that API. Also, models work well in that API. Also, models work well in that API. Also, models should not be overfitting to certain should not be overfitting to certain should not be overfitting to certain formats or use cases. Oneshotting a 3D formats or use cases. Oneshotting a 3D formats or use cases. Oneshotting a 3D demo is impressive, but it's good just demo is impressive, but it's good just demo is impressive, but it's good just for that for oneshotting a 3D demo. It for that for oneshotting a 3D demo. It for that for oneshotting a 3D demo. It doesn't say anything about the model doesn't say anything about the model doesn't say anything about the model about how useful it is at work. We've about how useful it is at work. We've about how useful it is at work. We've seen this with claw 3.7 for example. seen this with claw 3.7 for example. seen this with claw 3.7 for example. Great demos but very hard to use model. Great demos but very hard to use model. Great demos but very hard to use model. I understand that openai needed to I understand that openai needed to I understand that openai needed to launch something soon but uh does this launch something soon but uh does this launch something soon but uh does this PR really serve them well with half of PR really serve them well with half of PR really serve them well with half of the people being disappointed just the people being disappointed just the people being disappointed just because they cannot run the model because they cannot run the model because they cannot run the model properly whether it's their fault or properly whether it's their fault or properly whether it's their fault or not. A year ago we were awaiting GPD5 not. A year ago we were awaiting GPD5 not. A year ago we were awaiting GPD5 with great expectations. Now it seems with great expectations. Now it seems with great expectations. Now it seems that we can't wait for GPD5 to be over. that we can't wait for GPD5 to be over. that we can't wait for GPD5 to be over. With that being said, as always, thank With that being said, as always, thank With that being said, as always, thank you very much for your time. If you like you very much for your time. If you like you very much for your time. If you like what we build, consider giving us a star what we build, consider giving us a star what we build, consider giving us a star on GitHub, subscribing to our YouTube on GitHub, subscribing to our YouTube on GitHub, subscribing to our YouTube channel. This helps us a lot. Thank you channel. This helps us a lot. Thank you channel. This helps us a lot. Thank you very much and see you next time.
