The the benchmark and paper I'll be The the benchmark and paper I'll be The the benchmark and paper I'll be talking about today is called agent talking about today is called agent talking about today is called agent arch. Um which is basically a arch. Um which is basically a arch. Um which is basically a comprehensive benchmark for evaluating comprehensive benchmark for evaluating comprehensive benchmark for evaluating agent architectures in enterprise agent architectures in enterprise agent architectures in enterprise workflows. Um and I will explain what workflows. Um and I will explain what workflows. Um and I will explain what that means. that means. that means. Um but yeah briefly I just wanted to go Um but yeah briefly I just wanted to go Um but yeah briefly I just wanted to go over go over like a bit of a general over go over like a bit of a general over go over like a bit of a general background for agentic AI just so it's background for agentic AI just so it's background for agentic AI just so it's clear what I'm talking about. Um so here clear what I'm talking about. Um so here clear what I'm talking about. Um so here when I talk about agentic AI I'm when I talk about agentic AI I'm when I talk about agentic AI I'm basically referring to some kind of basically referring to some kind of basically referring to some kind of autonomous system that can independently autonomous system that can independently autonomous system that can independently perform tasks. So this would involve perform tasks. So this would involve perform tasks. So this would involve like perceiving an environment, like perceiving an environment, like perceiving an environment, reasoning about what to do, planning, reasoning about what to do, planning, reasoning about what to do, planning, executing some kind of action, and then executing some kind of action, and then executing some kind of action, and then reflecting on the outcomes of those reflecting on the outcomes of those reflecting on the outcomes of those actions and sort of doing that process actions and sort of doing that process actions and sort of doing that process in a loop to accomplish some specified in a loop to accomplish some specified in a loop to accomplish some specified goal. Um, and when I'm talking about goal. Um, and when I'm talking about goal. Um, and when I'm talking about agentic systems here, I'm specifically agentic systems here, I'm specifically agentic systems here, I'm specifically going to be talking about agentic going to be talking about agentic going to be talking about agentic agentic systems powered by large agentic systems powered by large agentic systems powered by large language models. Um and then in terms of language models. Um and then in terms of language models. Um and then in terms of like the enterprise component here like like the enterprise component here like like the enterprise component here like a lot of the time what we see is that uh a lot of the time what we see is that uh a lot of the time what we see is that uh Agenta can be used to automate existing Agenta can be used to automate existing Agenta can be used to automate existing workflows. So for example if you had a workflows. So for example if you had a workflows. So for example if you had a customer service uh workflow you wanted customer service uh workflow you wanted customer service uh workflow you wanted to be automating or an HR onboarding or to be automating or an HR onboarding or to be automating or an HR onboarding or HR hiring be able to automate those HR hiring be able to automate those HR hiring be able to automate those steps using agentic and then basically steps using agentic and then basically steps using agentic and then basically be able to remove humans from that be able to remove humans from that be able to remove humans from that process as much as possible um is kind process as much as possible um is kind process as much as possible um is kind of what I'm going to be talking about. So first I just want to talk about the So first I just want to talk about the So first I just want to talk about the motivations for this benchmark before I motivations for this benchmark before I motivations for this benchmark before I actually get into it. Um so basically actually get into it. Um so basically actually get into it. Um so basically there are a lot of existing papers and there are a lot of existing papers and there are a lot of existing papers and benchmarks that are evaluating various benchmarks that are evaluating various benchmarks that are evaluating various components of agentic systems. So a lot components of agentic systems. So a lot components of agentic systems. So a lot of benchmarks might focus for example on of benchmarks might focus for example on of benchmarks might focus for example on tool calling like how good are LLMs at tool calling like how good are LLMs at tool calling like how good are LLMs at choosing the right tools or APIs to choosing the right tools or APIs to choosing the right tools or APIs to call. Um other benchmarks focus on call. Um other benchmarks focus on call. Um other benchmarks focus on different orchestration methods. Uh, so different orchestration methods. Uh, so different orchestration methods. Uh, so that might be like, you know, is it that might be like, you know, is it that might be like, you know, is it better to have like just one single better to have like just one single better to have like just one single agent that has access to a bunch of agent that has access to a bunch of agent that has access to a bunch of tools or maybe do you have like tools or maybe do you have like tools or maybe do you have like different agents where some agents are different agents where some agents are different agents where some agents are more responsible for planning or like more responsible for planning or like more responsible for planning or like executing things versus like different executing things versus like different executing things versus like different setups where agents all have a similar setups where agents all have a similar setups where agents all have a similar role or highly specialized roles. Um, so role or highly specialized roles. Um, so role or highly specialized roles. Um, so that's like another component there. that's like another component there. that's like another component there. There's also the component of memory There's also the component of memory There's also the component of memory handling which is basically just handling which is basically just handling which is basically just describing like how do you handle the describing like how do you handle the describing like how do you handle the context that an agent is provided? Do context that an agent is provided? Do context that an agent is provided? Do you give like a full complete context you give like a full complete context you give like a full complete context that includes like you know any other that includes like you know any other that includes like you know any other steps and actions previous agents have steps and actions previous agents have steps and actions previous agents have taken? Do you make it more narrow in taken? Do you make it more narrow in taken? Do you make it more narrow in scope focus on just what that agent has scope focus on just what that agent has scope focus on just what that agent has done so far? How do you handle those done so far? How do you handle those done so far? How do you handle those kinds of context limitations especially kinds of context limitations especially kinds of context limitations especially when you have like a more long context when you have like a more long context when you have like a more long context situation? Um and the other things that situation? Um and the other things that situation? Um and the other things that another thing that people have tested another thing that people have tested another thing that people have tested are the integration of thinking tools. are the integration of thinking tools. are the integration of thinking tools. So basically um these could just be So basically um these could just be So basically um these could just be tools that you provide a model that tools that you provide a model that tools that you provide a model that gives it extra space to sort of do some gives it extra space to sort of do some gives it extra space to sort of do some kind of chain of thought reasoning um kind of chain of thought reasoning um kind of chain of thought reasoning um separate from calling actual tools. separate from calling actual tools. separate from calling actual tools. But what we found is that in these But what we found is that in these But what we found is that in these existing benchmarks these elements are existing benchmarks these elements are existing benchmarks these elements are often evaluated separately. So you might often evaluated separately. So you might often evaluated separately. So you might have a benchmark just focused on tool have a benchmark just focused on tool have a benchmark just focused on tool calling or just focused on calling or just focused on calling or just focused on orchestration. But we don't see that orchestration. But we don't see that orchestration. But we don't see that many benchmarks that sort of test these many benchmarks that sort of test these many benchmarks that sort of test these different elements of aentic systems in different elements of aentic systems in different elements of aentic systems in combination with each other. So if you combination with each other. So if you combination with each other. So if you wanted to know like how would this style wanted to know like how would this style wanted to know like how would this style of tool calling work with this style of of tool calling work with this style of of tool calling work with this style of orchestration, it's a bit hard to know orchestration, it's a bit hard to know orchestration, it's a bit hard to know from the existing um literature and from the existing um literature and from the existing um literature and benchmarks. The other thing we find is benchmarks. The other thing we find is benchmarks. The other thing we find is that like a lot of these benchmarks are that like a lot of these benchmarks are that like a lot of these benchmarks are not realistic in terms of um what would not realistic in terms of um what would not realistic in terms of um what would it what what an agentic system might it what what an agentic system might it what what an agentic system might look like in real world deployment. So look like in real world deployment. So look like in real world deployment. So often what we found is that when you're often what we found is that when you're often what we found is that when you're basically trying to use an agentic basically trying to use an agentic basically trying to use an agentic system um to automate an existing system um to automate an existing system um to automate an existing workflow, what you might find is that workflow, what you might find is that workflow, what you might find is that like a lot of these existing workflows like a lot of these existing workflows like a lot of these existing workflows might have legacy code or really complex might have legacy code or really complex might have legacy code or really complex messy data. Like instead of the tool messy data. Like instead of the tool messy data. Like instead of the tool just returning like an exact response just returning like an exact response just returning like an exact response that is relevant, there might be like a that is relevant, there might be like a that is relevant, there might be like a you know complicated JSON with a lot of you know complicated JSON with a lot of you know complicated JSON with a lot of metadata and like the relevant metadata and like the relevant metadata and like the relevant information is in there somewhere but information is in there somewhere but information is in there somewhere but it's not immediately clear. And these it's not immediately clear. And these it's not immediately clear. And these existing workflows might also have like existing workflows might also have like existing workflows might also have like very complex rules and steps that need very complex rules and steps that need very complex rules and steps that need to be followed in a very specific order. to be followed in a very specific order. to be followed in a very specific order. um and we don't find that this kind um and we don't find that this kind um and we don't find that this kind these kinds of constraints are these kinds of constraints are these kinds of constraints are represented in the existing benchmarks. represented in the existing benchmarks. represented in the existing benchmarks. Um so based on those two main gaps, our Um so based on those two main gaps, our Um so based on those two main gaps, our goal was to de develop a comprehensive goal was to de develop a comprehensive goal was to de develop a comprehensive benchmark that basically tests a bunch benchmark that basically tests a bunch benchmark that basically tests a bunch of these different components of agentic of these different components of agentic of these different components of agentic systems together and also have this systems together and also have this systems together and also have this benchmark be tailored to real world benchmark be tailored to real world benchmark be tailored to real world enterprise constraints. Uh so now that I've sort of explained Uh so now that I've sort of explained Uh so now that I've sort of explained the motivations for the benchmark, I'll the motivations for the benchmark, I'll the motivations for the benchmark, I'll just go into talking about how it's set just go into talking about how it's set just go into talking about how it's set up. So basically uh we designed two use up. So basically uh we designed two use up. So basically uh we designed two use cases that are supposed to be cases that are supposed to be cases that are supposed to be representative of existing enterprise representative of existing enterprise representative of existing enterprise workflows. Um so one is this requesting workflows. Um so one is this requesting workflows. Um so one is this requesting time off use case which is basically you time off use case which is basically you time off use case which is basically you know if like an employee wants to know if like an employee wants to know if like an employee wants to request PTO it's supposed to automate request PTO it's supposed to automate request PTO it's supposed to automate that process by retrieving the that process by retrieving the that process by retrieving the information about the employee checking information about the employee checking information about the employee checking if they're eligible if they have enough if they're eligible if they have enough if they're eligible if they have enough PTO balance. Um then if they are PTO balance. Um then if they are PTO balance. Um then if they are eligible submitting that request and eligible submitting that request and eligible submitting that request and deciding if it should be approved or deciding if it should be approved or deciding if it should be approved or rejected. Um, and so this is the simpler rejected. Um, and so this is the simpler rejected. Um, and so this is the simpler use case that we designed and that it use case that we designed and that it use case that we designed and that it has fewer tools and fewer agents. Um, has fewer tools and fewer agents. Um, has fewer tools and fewer agents. Um, and one of the key challenges for this and one of the key challenges for this and one of the key challenges for this use case is being able to basically use case is being able to basically use case is being able to basically reason through date calculations. So if reason through date calculations. So if reason through date calculations. So if the employee says something like, I want the employee says something like, I want the employee says something like, I want to take time off from February 27th to take time off from February 27th to take time off from February 27th through March 3rd in 2024, the model has through March 3rd in 2024, the model has through March 3rd in 2024, the model has to be able to figure out how many days to be able to figure out how many days to be able to figure out how many days that is, like knowing how many months that is, like knowing how many months that is, like knowing how many months are in how many days are in a month, are in how many days are in a month, are in how many days are in a month, different months and leap years and all different months and leap years and all different months and leap years and all that. and then basically be able to that. and then basically be able to that. and then basically be able to compare that number to a leave balance compare that number to a leave balance compare that number to a leave balance to be able to see like is this valid or to be able to see like is this valid or to be able to see like is this valid or not. Um and then we also have this more not. Um and then we also have this more not. Um and then we also have this more complex customer routing uh use case complex customer routing uh use case complex customer routing uh use case which is supposed to mimic like a which is supposed to mimic like a which is supposed to mimic like a customer service system. And so one of customer service system. And so one of customer service system. And so one of the key challenges here is basically the key challenges here is basically the key challenges here is basically differentiating between simple requests differentiating between simple requests differentiating between simple requests and complex requests. So if it's like a and complex requests. So if it's like a and complex requests. So if it's like a simple issue that can be that already simple issue that can be that already simple issue that can be that already has a solution that should be classified has a solution that should be classified has a solution that should be classified and handled in that way. Whereas if it's and handled in that way. Whereas if it's and handled in that way. Whereas if it's like a new complex issue then like a new like a new complex issue then like a new like a new complex issue then like a new case must might need to be created. So case must might need to be created. So case must might need to be created. So one of the key challenges here is one of the key challenges here is one of the key challenges here is basically making like the appropriate basically making like the appropriate basically making like the appropriate escalation decision and then following escalation decision and then following escalation decision and then following the right uh instructions and steps the right uh instructions and steps the right uh instructions and steps based on that decision. Um so now I'll just talk about the other Um so now I'll just talk about the other Um so now I'll just talk about the other aspect of the benchmark setup which is aspect of the benchmark setup which is aspect of the benchmark setup which is the different architectural the different architectural the different architectural configurations I mentioned. These are configurations I mentioned. These are configurations I mentioned. These are the same four um categories I mentioned the same four um categories I mentioned the same four um categories I mentioned before and I'll just explain like the before and I'll just explain like the before and I'll just explain like the different parts we test. So for different parts we test. So for different parts we test. So for orchestration we wanted to test both orchestration we wanted to test both orchestration we wanted to test both single agent and multi- aent systems. single agent and multi- aent systems. single agent and multi- aent systems. I'll explain like the difference between I'll explain like the difference between I'll explain like the difference between these two in a second. Um for different these two in a second. Um for different these two in a second. Um for different agents we wanted to test both like agents we wanted to test both like agents we wanted to test both like function calling where models are function calling where models are function calling where models are basically just basically asked to like basically just basically asked to like basically just basically asked to like respond with like the tool like the the respond with like the tool like the the respond with like the tool like the the the tool and like the inputs parameters the tool and like the inputs parameters the tool and like the inputs parameters for that tool versus react style for that tool versus react style for that tool versus react style prompting where models are asked to prompting where models are asked to prompting where models are asked to first reason and then output their first reason and then output their first reason and then output their action. Action being the tool call here. action. Action being the tool call here. action. Action being the tool call here. Um, then for memory, we basically wanted Um, then for memory, we basically wanted Um, then for memory, we basically wanted to test if like models benefit more from to test if like models benefit more from to test if like models benefit more from a complete memory in terms of seeing a complete memory in terms of seeing a complete memory in terms of seeing like a full conversation history of like like a full conversation history of like like a full conversation history of like everything that's happened prior versus everything that's happened prior versus everything that's happened prior versus like a summarized setup where they only like a summarized setup where they only like a summarized setup where they only see a summary of what like earlier see a summary of what like earlier see a summary of what like earlier agents might have done. And then for agents might have done. And then for agents might have done. And then for thinking tools, we define two thinking thinking tools, we define two thinking thinking tools, we define two thinking tools. One that's meant for math and one tools. One that's meant for math and one tools. One that's meant for math and one that's called synthesize collected that's called synthesize collected that's called synthesize collected information. So math is pretty information. So math is pretty information. So math is pretty straightforward. It's just for like straightforward. It's just for like straightforward. It's just for like doing math calculations. basically doing math calculations. basically doing math calculations. basically giving the model extra space to output giving the model extra space to output giving the model extra space to output those tokens to do that reasoning for those tokens to do that reasoning for those tokens to do that reasoning for doing a math problem. Um and then doing a math problem. Um and then doing a math problem. Um and then synthesize collected information would synthesize collected information would synthesize collected information would basically the intention there is it can basically the intention there is it can basically the intention there is it can be used if like the model has collected be used if like the model has collected be used if like the model has collected a bunch of information through tool a bunch of information through tool a bunch of information through tool calls and now needs to decide like what calls and now needs to decide like what calls and now needs to decide like what the final decision should be. So giving the final decision should be. So giving the final decision should be. So giving it space to reason through that process. it space to reason through that process. it space to reason through that process. Um yeah and then going back to Um yeah and then going back to Um yeah and then going back to orchestration for multi- aent we have orchestration for multi- aent we have orchestration for multi- aent we have two separate setups. So in both cases two separate setups. So in both cases two separate setups. So in both cases there's an orchestrator which is given there's an orchestrator which is given there's an orchestrator which is given the initial request and then it picks the initial request and then it picks the initial request and then it picks agents and agents have access to certain agents and agents have access to certain agents and agents have access to certain sets of tools. So an open agent network sets of tools. So an open agent network sets of tools. So an open agent network once an orchestrator gives the task to once an orchestrator gives the task to once an orchestrator gives the task to an agent. Let's say that agent needs an agent. Let's say that agent needs an agent. Let's say that agent needs some help it can't proceed without some some help it can't proceed without some some help it can't proceed without some information. It can then ask another information. It can then ask another information. It can then ask another agent directly and then that agent can agent directly and then that agent can agent directly and then that agent can call its tool and return that call its tool and return that call its tool and return that information. versus in an isolated agent information. versus in an isolated agent information. versus in an isolated agent scenario, if the agent gets stuck, it scenario, if the agent gets stuck, it scenario, if the agent gets stuck, it will ask the orchestrator for help and will ask the orchestrator for help and will ask the orchestrator for help and the orchestrator selects which agent the orchestrator selects which agent the orchestrator selects which agent would be best. Um, and that's the would be best. Um, and that's the would be best. Um, and that's the process there. But basically with multi- process there. But basically with multi- process there. But basically with multi- aent, there's an orchestrator that's aent, there's an orchestrator that's aent, there's an orchestrator that's given the task, it selects agents, and given the task, it selects agents, and given the task, it selects agents, and agents call their own tools versus in agents call their own tools versus in agents call their own tools versus in single agent, there's just one agent single agent, there's just one agent single agent, there's just one agent that has access to all the tools in the that has access to all the tools in the that has access to all the tools in the use case and it sort of decides what use case and it sort of decides what use case and it sort of decides what tool to call next. tool to call next. tool to call next. Um, so now that I've sort of just given Um, so now that I've sort of just given Um, so now that I've sort of just given an overview of how the benchmark is an overview of how the benchmark is an overview of how the benchmark is designed, I'm going to go into designed, I'm going to go into designed, I'm going to go into describing some of the key findings and describing some of the key findings and describing some of the key findings and then after that sort of explain in more then after that sort of explain in more then after that sort of explain in more detail the methodology um that we use to detail the methodology um that we use to detail the methodology um that we use to get to those findings. So I'll explain this acceptable metric So I'll explain this acceptable metric So I'll explain this acceptable metric here uh later but basically what you can here uh later but basically what you can here uh later but basically what you can see here is all the different see here is all the different see here is all the different configurations we've tested. So for the configurations we've tested. So for the configurations we've tested. So for the orchestration, each agent, then each orchestration, each agent, then each orchestration, each agent, then each memory option, then thinking tools memory option, then thinking tools memory option, then thinking tools enabled or disabled, and the scores that enabled or disabled, and the scores that enabled or disabled, and the scores that each model got on each use case. Um, and each model got on each use case. Um, and each model got on each use case. Um, and in this case, larger numbers and darker in this case, larger numbers and darker in this case, larger numbers and darker cells indicate like higher performance. cells indicate like higher performance. cells indicate like higher performance. And so there's a couple key takeaways And so there's a couple key takeaways And so there's a couple key takeaways that I want to describe. Um, the first that I want to describe. Um, the first that I want to describe. Um, the first is that like the models overall are is that like the models overall are is that like the models overall are still struggling with these um, use still struggling with these um, use still struggling with these um, use cases that we've defined. As you can cases that we've defined. As you can cases that we've defined. As you can see, like the highest score on the see, like the highest score on the see, like the highest score on the simpler time off use case is 70.8 and simpler time off use case is 70.8 and simpler time off use case is 70.8 and for the more complex uh customer service for the more complex uh customer service for the more complex uh customer service use case, it's uh 35. use case, it's uh 35. use case, it's uh 35. Um the other key thing to see here is Um the other key thing to see here is Um the other key thing to see here is that there's no single configuration that there's no single configuration that there's no single configuration that works for every model or every use that works for every model or every use that works for every model or every use case. Like even just like quickly case. Like even just like quickly case. Like even just like quickly looking at like you know the color to looking at like you know the color to looking at like you know the color to see how dark it is, you can see that see how dark it is, you can see that see how dark it is, you can see that like it's not the same for each model. like it's not the same for each model. like it's not the same for each model. Like for example, GBT41 is like doing Like for example, GBT41 is like doing Like for example, GBT41 is like doing much better on single agent versus like much better on single agent versus like much better on single agent versus like for some other models like GPT41 mini for some other models like GPT41 mini for some other models like GPT41 mini it's doing better on uh this it's doing better on uh this it's doing better on uh this orchestration orchestration orchestration multi- aent setup. So like looking more multi- aent setup. So like looking more multi- aent setup. So like looking more closely you can see that there's just closely you can see that there's just closely you can see that there's just like not a lot of consistency in terms like not a lot of consistency in terms like not a lot of consistency in terms of what configuration works. The other of what configuration works. The other of what configuration works. The other thing to point out is that it also thing to point out is that it also thing to point out is that it also depends on the use case. Um so for depends on the use case. Um so for depends on the use case. Um so for example if we look at sonnet 4 you can example if we look at sonnet 4 you can example if we look at sonnet 4 you can see that um for the customer service use see that um for the customer service use see that um for the customer service use case the highest scores were all on case the highest scores were all on case the highest scores were all on single agent function calling setups but single agent function calling setups but single agent function calling setups but that is not the case for um the time off that is not the case for um the time off that is not the case for um the time off use case where you can also see pretty use case where you can also see pretty use case where you can also see pretty similarly high scores um on several similarly high scores um on several similarly high scores um on several different configurations. different configurations. different configurations. Another thing we see is that especially Another thing we see is that especially Another thing we see is that especially for the non-reasoning models, thinking for the non-reasoning models, thinking for the non-reasoning models, thinking tools can often enhance performance tools can often enhance performance tools can often enhance performance especially on this time off task which especially on this time off task which especially on this time off task which as I mentioned involves those like date as I mentioned involves those like date as I mentioned involves those like date calculations. So if you can see here calculations. So if you can see here calculations. So if you can see here like the only difference between um like the only difference between um like the only difference between um these bottom two rows uh for GPT41 these bottom two rows uh for GPT41 these bottom two rows uh for GPT41 single agent is that thinking uh tools single agent is that thinking uh tools single agent is that thinking uh tools were enabled or disabled. And you can were enabled or disabled. And you can were enabled or disabled. And you can see like a much higher score for enabled see like a much higher score for enabled see like a much higher score for enabled versus disabled. And so for certain versus disabled. And so for certain versus disabled. And so for certain models we do see these like pretty big models we do see these like pretty big models we do see these like pretty big differences when thinking tools are differences when thinking tools are differences when thinking tools are enabled. And then the other thing to enabled. And then the other thing to enabled. And then the other thing to function calling um as like the agent function calling um as like the agent function calling um as like the agent prompting especially on the multi- aent prompting especially on the multi- aent prompting especially on the multi- aent systems. So like if you look for GPT41 systems. So like if you look for GPT41 systems. So like if you look for GPT41 you can see these are the function you can see these are the function you can see these are the function calling numbers versus above the react calling numbers versus above the react calling numbers versus above the react numbers are are generally lower and see numbers are are generally lower and see numbers are are generally lower and see especially the same thing for GPT41 mini especially the same thing for GPT41 mini especially the same thing for GPT41 mini GPT40. GPT40. GPT40. um and even here for sonnet. Okay, so now that we're going to look at Okay, so now that we're going to look at Okay, so now that we're going to look at a different metric, which is a a different metric, which is a a different metric, which is a hallucination metric. And here we're hallucination metric. And here we're hallucination metric. And here we're defining hallucination as basically the defining hallucination as basically the defining hallucination as basically the model trying to call a tool or an agent model trying to call a tool or an agent model trying to call a tool or an agent that doesn't exist or with parameters that doesn't exist or with parameters that doesn't exist or with parameters that are hallucinated values. And the that are hallucinated values. And the that are hallucinated values. And the really interesting thing is as you can really interesting thing is as you can really interesting thing is as you can see like hallucinations are much more see like hallucinations are much more see like hallucinations are much more common and almost exclusively found for common and almost exclusively found for common and almost exclusively found for certain models um with react agent with certain models um with react agent with certain models um with react agent with react prompting in multi- aent systems. react prompting in multi- aent systems. react prompting in multi- aent systems. um like for certain models like sonnet um like for certain models like sonnet um like for certain models like sonnet it's like really extreme where there's it's like really extreme where there's it's like really extreme where there's not a we found not a single not a we found not a single not a we found not a single hallucination in any other setup except hallucination in any other setup except hallucination in any other setup except these multi- aent react uh scenarios and these multi- aent react uh scenarios and these multi- aent react uh scenarios and you can see for some models that go you can see for some models that go you can see for some models that go through mini it's like a really high through mini it's like a really high through mini it's like a really high percentage because it just refers to percentage because it just refers to percentage because it just refers to like the number of tasks within the use like the number of tasks within the use like the number of tasks within the use case where any hallucination was present another key finding is related to the another key finding is related to the another key finding is related to the correct final decision so in this case correct final decision so in this case correct final decision so in this case when I'm talking about correct final when I'm talking about correct final when I'm talking about correct final decision This just sort of means the decision This just sort of means the decision This just sort of means the final choice is made at the end of a final choice is made at the end of a final choice is made at the end of a workflow. So, for example, with the time workflow. So, for example, with the time workflow. So, for example, with the time off workflow, that's just like either off workflow, that's just like either off workflow, that's just like either the uh the leave request is approved or the uh the leave request is approved or the uh the leave request is approved or rejected. Um, and for customer service, rejected. Um, and for customer service, rejected. Um, and for customer service, either a new case is created or it's either a new case is created or it's either a new case is created or it's not. And so, this looks at just like how not. And so, this looks at just like how not. And so, this looks at just like how often is that final choice correct. And often is that final choice correct. And often is that final choice correct. And we find that is interesting here is that we find that is interesting here is that we find that is interesting here is that for certain models, it's much higher um for certain models, it's much higher um for certain models, it's much higher um in multi- aent setups. So for a multi- in multi- aent setups. So for a multi- in multi- aent setups. So for a multi- aent setup, the orchestrator at the end aent setup, the orchestrator at the end aent setup, the orchestrator at the end is the one that basically reflects on is the one that basically reflects on is the one that basically reflects on all the all the results of the the tool all the all the results of the the tool all the all the results of the the tool calls that agents have made to make this calls that agents have made to make this calls that agents have made to make this decision. And you can see that for decision. And you can see that for decision. And you can see that for certain models um this correct final certain models um this correct final certain models um this correct final decision metric is much higher for um decision metric is much higher for um decision metric is much higher for um some of the multi- aent setups compared some of the multi- aent setups compared some of the multi- aent setups compared to the same setups except with single to the same setups except with single to the same setups except with single agent. Um, and this is especially true agent. Um, and this is especially true agent. Um, and this is especially true in the customer service in the customer service in the customer service uh use case. So, this is just a brief summary of what So, this is just a brief summary of what So, this is just a brief summary of what I've discussed. I've discussed. I've discussed. &gt;&gt; Um, Tara, just a quick question. Someone &gt;&gt; Um, Tara, just a quick question. Someone &gt;&gt; Um, Tara, just a quick question. Someone says that they missed the distinction says that they missed the distinction says that they missed the distinction between TO0 and CR. Um, between TO0 and CR. Um, between TO0 and CR. Um, &gt;&gt; yeah, sure. Can go back to that. &gt;&gt; yeah, sure. Can go back to that. &gt;&gt; yeah, sure. Can go back to that. Yeah, sorry. Okay, so this is sort of Yeah, sorry. Okay, so this is sort of Yeah, sorry. Okay, so this is sort of these are abbreviations we're using just these are abbreviations we're using just these are abbreviations we're using just to refer to these two different use to refer to these two different use to refer to these two different use cases. So to is the requesting time off cases. So to is the requesting time off cases. So to is the requesting time off for PTO eligibility and CR is the for PTO eligibility and CR is the for PTO eligibility and CR is the customer request routing for mimicking a customer request routing for mimicking a customer request routing for mimicking a customer service system. So this one has customer service system. So this one has customer service system. So this one has fewer tools, this one has more tools and fewer tools, this one has more tools and fewer tools, this one has more tools and more agents and more instructions and more agents and more instructions and more agents and more instructions and steps. Uh does that clarify it? steps. Uh does that clarify it? steps. Uh does that clarify it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So in each of these um charts, &gt;&gt; Yeah. So in each of these um charts, &gt;&gt; Yeah. So in each of these um charts, those are what these two things are those are what these two things are those are what these two things are referring to. Um yeah, so just to reiterate, key Um yeah, so just to reiterate, key Um yeah, so just to reiterate, key findings were that models are still findings were that models are still findings were that models are still struggling with these complex enterprise struggling with these complex enterprise struggling with these complex enterprise workflows. Preferences vary a lot by workflows. Preferences vary a lot by workflows. Preferences vary a lot by model and use case. There's no single model and use case. There's no single model and use case. There's no single architecture that works for all models architecture that works for all models architecture that works for all models or for all models on a certain use case. or for all models on a certain use case. or for all models on a certain use case. Um we find that thinking tools enhance Um we find that thinking tools enhance Um we find that thinking tools enhance performance particularly for non-raising performance particularly for non-raising performance particularly for non-raising models on tasks that require computation models on tasks that require computation models on tasks that require computation or calculations. or calculations. or calculations. Um we generally find that function Um we generally find that function Um we generally find that function calling outperforms react prompting calling outperforms react prompting calling outperforms react prompting especially in multi- aent systems and especially in multi- aent systems and especially in multi- aent systems and that hallucinations occur much more that hallucinations occur much more that hallucinations occur much more frequently um with react especially in frequently um with react especially in frequently um with react especially in multi- aent systems. Um but as mentioned multi- aent systems. Um but as mentioned multi- aent systems. Um but as mentioned for the final decision we do find that for the final decision we do find that for the final decision we do find that multi-agent setups yield higher accuracy multi-agent setups yield higher accuracy multi-agent setups yield higher accuracy in that final decision metric despite in that final decision metric despite in that final decision metric despite sometimes having a lower overall score. sometimes having a lower overall score. sometimes having a lower overall score. Um and then past power k I will discuss Um and then past power k I will discuss Um and then past power k I will discuss uh a little bit later. So now just to go over the methodology So now just to go over the methodology So now just to go over the methodology for how we created the benchmark and for how we created the benchmark and for how we created the benchmark and these this data and metrics. So for each these this data and metrics. So for each these this data and metrics. So for each use case there are 60 separate tasks use case there are 60 separate tasks use case there are 60 separate tasks which have been annotated with the which have been annotated with the which have been annotated with the ground truth for expected tool called ground truth for expected tool called ground truth for expected tool called expected tool inputs and expected final expected tool inputs and expected final expected tool inputs and expected final outcome. Um and then for metrics we outcome. Um and then for metrics we outcome. Um and then for metrics we wanted to have a acceptable metric that wanted to have a acceptable metric that wanted to have a acceptable metric that really reflected what success looks like really reflected what success looks like really reflected what success looks like in like a real world agentic system. So in like a real world agentic system. So in like a real world agentic system. So for example like the correct conclusion for example like the correct conclusion for example like the correct conclusion is not enough for successful successful is not enough for successful successful is not enough for successful successful execution. So, for example, even if like execution. So, for example, even if like execution. So, for example, even if like a leave approval um request is meant to a leave approval um request is meant to a leave approval um request is meant to be accepted and it is, it might not it's be accepted and it is, it might not it's be accepted and it is, it might not it's not really successful unless it's also not really successful unless it's also not really successful unless it's also followed the whole process along the way followed the whole process along the way followed the whole process along the way in terms of like notifying the employee, in terms of like notifying the employee, in terms of like notifying the employee, notifying the manager and calling the notifying the manager and calling the notifying the manager and calling the tools with the correct parameters to tools with the correct parameters to tools with the correct parameters to reach that correct final decision. Um so reach that correct final decision. Um so reach that correct final decision. Um so for that reason we define our overall for that reason we define our overall for that reason we define our overall acceptable rate as acceptable rate as acceptable rate as all the cases where the tool choice was all the cases where the tool choice was all the cases where the tool choice was correct and the tool arguments were correct and the tool arguments were correct and the tool arguments were correct and the correct and the final correct and the correct and the final correct and the correct and the final decision was correct. And then we decision was correct. And then we decision was correct. And then we measure this over K trials where K was measure this over K trials where K was measure this over K trials where K was set to eight and also compute past power set to eight and also compute past power set to eight and also compute past power K which is the probability of passing K which is the probability of passing K which is the probability of passing all K trials which is important for all K trials which is important for all K trials which is important for reliability. Um what we find there is reliability. Um what we find there is reliability. Um what we find there is that this past power K score is very low that this past power K score is very low that this past power K score is very low indicating a lack of reliability and indicating a lack of reliability and indicating a lack of reliability and consistency which is particularly consistency which is particularly consistency which is particularly relevant for enterprise deployments relevant for enterprise deployments relevant for enterprise deployments where you can't really deploy a system where you can't really deploy a system where you can't really deploy a system if it's not going to be successful most if it's not going to be successful most if it's not going to be successful most of the time. of the time. of the time. Um so then finally I was just going to Um so then finally I was just going to Um so then finally I was just going to talk about the limitations of this talk about the limitations of this talk about the limitations of this benchmark and future work that we'd like benchmark and future work that we'd like benchmark and future work that we'd like to do. Um so one of the key limitations to do. Um so one of the key limitations to do. Um so one of the key limitations is that it's just has a very narrow is that it's just has a very narrow is that it's just has a very narrow scope right now. there's only two use scope right now. there's only two use scope right now. there's only two use cases use cases with 60 samples each. cases use cases with 60 samples each. cases use cases with 60 samples each. Um, which makes it kind of hard to Um, which makes it kind of hard to Um, which makes it kind of hard to generalize as to like what would happen generalize as to like what would happen generalize as to like what would happen on different types of use cases, more on different types of use cases, more on different types of use cases, more complex ones. So, that's definitely complex ones. So, that's definitely complex ones. So, that's definitely something we'd like to add in the future something we'd like to add in the future something we'd like to add in the future as more use cases to represent a larger as more use cases to represent a larger as more use cases to represent a larger variety of enterprise workflows. Um, we variety of enterprise workflows. Um, we variety of enterprise workflows. Um, we also did not were not able to evaluate also did not were not able to evaluate also did not were not able to evaluate that many models currently. um that many models currently. um that many models currently. um particularly we only had one reasoning particularly we only had one reasoning particularly we only had one reasoning model and would be really great to add model and would be really great to add model and would be really great to add more reasoning models just so we can see more reasoning models just so we can see more reasoning models just so we can see if the trends we saw for reasoning model if the trends we saw for reasoning model if the trends we saw for reasoning model for on 03 mini specifically uh for on 03 mini specifically uh for on 03 mini specifically uh generalized to other reasoning models. generalized to other reasoning models. generalized to other reasoning models. Um the other thing is that we use like Um the other thing is that we use like Um the other thing is that we use like deterministic tool responses that like deterministic tool responses that like deterministic tool responses that like return mock data which might not reflect return mock data which might not reflect return mock data which might not reflect real world variability in tool real world variability in tool real world variability in tool execution. Um so it's another key execution. Um so it's another key execution. Um so it's another key limitation. So in the future, we limitation. So in the future, we limitation. So in the future, we definitely want to expand use cases and definitely want to expand use cases and definitely want to expand use cases and model coverage and also potentially model coverage and also potentially model coverage and also potentially create a new benchmark or add to this create a new benchmark or add to this create a new benchmark or add to this one that has a multimodal component. So one that has a multimodal component. So one that has a multimodal component. So if the data could contain either audio if the data could contain either audio if the data could contain either audio or images, um that would also I think or images, um that would also I think or images, um that would also I think make it more realistic in terms of the make it more realistic in terms of the make it more realistic in terms of the direction that agentic is going in in direction that agentic is going in in direction that agentic is going in in terms of having that multimodal terms of having that multimodal terms of having that multimodal component. Um and then we also had a lot component. Um and then we also had a lot component. Um and then we also had a lot of interesting key findings related to of interesting key findings related to of interesting key findings related to multi-agent systems, especially around multi-agent systems, especially around multi-agent systems, especially around like the react style prompting within like the react style prompting within like the react style prompting within multi-agent systems. So it would be multi-agent systems. So it would be multi-agent systems. So it would be interesting to do a deeper analysis of interesting to do a deeper analysis of interesting to do a deeper analysis of that and maybe have more focus on that and maybe have more focus on that and maybe have more focus on specifically that scenario to say like specifically that scenario to say like specifically that scenario to say like why are we seeing those kinds of scores why are we seeing those kinds of scores why are we seeing those kinds of scores in multi- aent systems? Um but yeah, I think that that's pretty Um but yeah, I think that that's pretty Um but yeah, I think that that's pretty much it. There any questions? much it. There any questions? much it. There any questions? &gt;&gt; Great. Yeah. So I guess yeah, we'll move &gt;&gt; Great. Yeah. So I guess yeah, we'll move &gt;&gt; Great. Yeah. So I guess yeah, we'll move on to questions. Um so yeah, I'll just on to questions. Um so yeah, I'll just on to questions. Um so yeah, I'll just be uh going through some in the chat. be uh going through some in the chat. be uh going through some in the chat. I'll read them out and then um you can I'll read them out and then um you can I'll read them out and then um you can answer them. So uh this first one um answer them. So uh this first one um answer them. So uh this first one um from Keith um the problem is always the from Keith um the problem is always the from Keith um the problem is always the objective function under ambiguity. objective function under ambiguity. objective function under ambiguity. Hence the focus on math and coding for Hence the focus on math and coding for Hence the focus on math and coding for verifiability under binary epistemics. verifiability under binary epistemics. verifiability under binary epistemics. You can observe all you want but without You can observe all you want but without You can observe all you want but without the goalposts of acceptability clearly the goalposts of acceptability clearly the goalposts of acceptability clearly established by all. You just have ad hoc established by all. You just have ad hoc established by all. You just have ad hoc patchworks and are right back where you patchworks and are right back where you patchworks and are right back where you started. LMS as judge works great but started. LMS as judge works great but started. LMS as judge works great but the judgment criteras is always the the judgment criteras is always the the judgment criteras is always the issue. Um I think uh just so everyone issue. Um I think uh just so everyone issue. Um I think uh just so everyone can understand uh what Keith is saying. can understand uh what Keith is saying. can understand uh what Keith is saying. I think what he's saying is that um it's I think what he's saying is that um it's I think what he's saying is that um it's the the difficulty in the task uh lies the the difficulty in the task uh lies the the difficulty in the task uh lies in determining what um like what is the in determining what um like what is the in determining what um like what is the correct behavior um not uh not in um you correct behavior um not uh not in um you correct behavior um not uh not in um you know like just configuring um an know like just configuring um an know like just configuring um an evaluation. So um yeah uh Tara you can evaluation. So um yeah uh Tara you can evaluation. So um yeah uh Tara you can respond. respond. respond. Yeah, sorry. Could you just repeat the Yeah, sorry. Could you just repeat the Yeah, sorry. Could you just repeat the the final part of that question? the final part of that question? the final part of that question? &gt;&gt; Um, uh, like what what I said or what uh &gt;&gt; Um, uh, like what what I said or what uh &gt;&gt; Um, uh, like what what I said or what uh the the Keith's question. the the Keith's question. the the Keith's question. &gt;&gt; Keith's question. Sorry. &gt;&gt; Keith's question. Sorry. &gt;&gt; Keith's question. Sorry. &gt;&gt; So, he's uh you can also see it in the &gt;&gt; So, he's uh you can also see it in the &gt;&gt; So, he's uh you can also see it in the chat, but he said um chat, but he said um chat, but he said um &gt;&gt; LOM as judge works great, but the &gt;&gt; LOM as judge works great, but the &gt;&gt; LOM as judge works great, but the judgment criteria uh has always is judgment criteria uh has always is judgment criteria uh has always is always the issue like how do you always the issue like how do you always the issue like how do you actually judge whether like what is the actually judge whether like what is the actually judge whether like what is the criteria for an agent being successful? criteria for an agent being successful? criteria for an agent being successful? &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is a great question. So, we &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is a great question. So, we &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is a great question. So, we didn't actually use LLM as a judge here. didn't actually use LLM as a judge here. didn't actually use LLM as a judge here. Um and I think basically because we Um and I think basically because we Um and I think basically because we define these very specific scoped define these very specific scoped define these very specific scoped workflows you can create like an exact workflows you can create like an exact workflows you can create like an exact ground truth. So for example if we know ground truth. So for example if we know ground truth. So for example if we know what each tool will return then we can what each tool will return then we can what each tool will return then we can say okay like we know what the model say okay like we know what the model say okay like we know what the model should choose at each step. If it has should choose at each step. If it has should choose at each step. If it has instructions to follow these steps call instructions to follow these steps call instructions to follow these steps call these tools basically and we know what these tools basically and we know what these tools basically and we know what each tool will return. We can basically each tool will return. We can basically each tool will return. We can basically then say for sure what the expected then say for sure what the expected then say for sure what the expected outcome is for each of those steps. So outcome is for each of those steps. So outcome is for each of those steps. So this is like a I think part of the this is like a I think part of the this is like a I think part of the reason why the benchmark is sort of reason why the benchmark is sort of reason why the benchmark is sort of narrow in terms of the amount of data we narrow in terms of the amount of data we narrow in terms of the amount of data we have is because they were each each have is because they were each each have is because they were each each record contains both like exact tool record contains both like exact tool record contains both like exact tool responses that are mocked and an exact responses that are mocked and an exact responses that are mocked and an exact pathway that we expect to find um in the pathway that we expect to find um in the pathway that we expect to find um in the ideal scenario. ideal scenario. ideal scenario. &gt;&gt; Cool. So uh I you would say that this &gt;&gt; Cool. So uh I you would say that this &gt;&gt; Cool. So uh I you would say that this benchmark is is well suited for agents benchmark is is well suited for agents benchmark is is well suited for agents that have like uh like systematically that have like uh like systematically that have like uh like systematically verifiable like outputs like whether verifiable like outputs like whether verifiable like outputs like whether it's correct or not is like something it's correct or not is like something it's correct or not is like something Yeah. something you can evaluate based Yeah. something you can evaluate based Yeah. something you can evaluate based on Yeah. whether like the correct tool on Yeah. whether like the correct tool on Yeah. whether like the correct tool was called or Yeah. like the final was called or Yeah. like the final was called or Yeah. like the final answer. answer. answer. &gt;&gt; Exactly. So that's what we were trying &gt;&gt; Exactly. So that's what we were trying &gt;&gt; Exactly. So that's what we were trying to do here is just have something very to do here is just have something very to do here is just have something very specific like that. So that's part of specific like that. So that's part of specific like that. So that's part of the limitation that doesn't always the limitation that doesn't always the limitation that doesn't always generalize to generalize to generalize to &gt;&gt; other cases where you don't have that &gt;&gt; other cases where you don't have that &gt;&gt; other cases where you don't have that but in these cases we do. Yeah. No. but in these cases we do. Yeah. No. but in these cases we do. Yeah. No. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Um, so Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Um, so Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Um, so another question, um, another question, um, another question, um, kind of similar. Um, uh, Deonu asks, kind of similar. Um, uh, Deonu asks, kind of similar. Um, uh, Deonu asks, "How would you validate the PTO "How would you validate the PTO "How would you validate the PTO workflow? Like would you need to create workflow? Like would you need to create workflow? Like would you need to create ground truth manually?" Um, I guess ground truth manually?" Um, I guess ground truth manually?" Um, I guess asking specifically about what, um, like asking specifically about what, um, like asking specifically about what, um, like what a what a correct action by that uh, what a what a correct action by that uh, what a what a correct action by that uh, PTO like agent would look like. PTO like agent would look like. PTO like agent would look like. &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. So a correct action &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. So a correct action &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. So a correct action would basically look like um the steps would basically look like um the steps would basically look like um the steps would be that the model retrieves the would be that the model retrieves the would be that the model retrieves the user information correctly using the user information correctly using the user information correctly using the information that was provided in the information that was provided in the information that was provided in the request. it then is able to calculate request. it then is able to calculate request. it then is able to calculate the amount of days that the user has the amount of days that the user has the amount of days that the user has requested. Um, which is sort of around requested. Um, which is sort of around requested. Um, which is sort of around the example I gave before like if it the the example I gave before like if it the the example I gave before like if it the request is given a natural language, request is given a natural language, request is given a natural language, right? So if I say like you know January right? So if I say like you know January right? So if I say like you know January 4th to February 2nd, does it correctly 4th to February 2nd, does it correctly 4th to February 2nd, does it correctly calculate that number of days? Um then calculate that number of days? Um then calculate that number of days? Um then it would be does it retrieve the balance it would be does it retrieve the balance it would be does it retrieve the balance correctly? Does it make the comparison correctly? Does it make the comparison correctly? Does it make the comparison correctly? So for example, the correctly? So for example, the correctly? So for example, the instructions say like you know if the instructions say like you know if the instructions say like you know if the leave request amount is greater than the leave request amount is greater than the leave request amount is greater than the balance reject it otherwise proceed with balance reject it otherwise proceed with balance reject it otherwise proceed with this step. Um and so that's kind of the this step. Um and so that's kind of the this step. Um and so that's kind of the flow that it looks like is like flow that it looks like is like flow that it looks like is like basically um it checks like if there if basically um it checks like if there if basically um it checks like if there if there's enough balance if there's any there's enough balance if there's any there's enough balance if there's any conflicting uh leave requests, if conflicting uh leave requests, if conflicting uh leave requests, if there's any pending leave requests that there's any pending leave requests that there's any pending leave requests that could affect the balance and then based could affect the balance and then based could affect the balance and then based on that it either makes a decision to on that it either makes a decision to on that it either makes a decision to accept it or reject it. And so correct accept it or reject it. And so correct accept it or reject it. And so correct looks basic would look like if there is looks basic would look like if there is looks basic would look like if there is not if the request is not valid either not if the request is not valid either not if the request is not valid either because of the balance pending leaves or because of the balance pending leaves or because of the balance pending leaves or conflicts it's rejected and if it is conflicts it's rejected and if it is conflicts it's rejected and if it is it's accepted. it's accepted. it's accepted. Yeah that makes a lot of sense. Um Yeah that makes a lot of sense. Um Yeah that makes a lot of sense. Um another question a few people are asking another question a few people are asking another question a few people are asking uh for multi-agent versus single agent uh for multi-agent versus single agent uh for multi-agent versus single agent um why um one uh performed better than um why um one uh performed better than um why um one uh performed better than the other um asking for like more you the other um asking for like more you the other um asking for like more you have like a like a reason for why um uh have like a like a reason for why um uh have like a like a reason for why um uh for the findings you saw in the for the findings you saw in the for the findings you saw in the comparison of those two. comparison of those two. comparison of those two. &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. Um, I think one thing we &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. Um, I think one thing we &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. Um, I think one thing we found I can go back here. found I can go back here. found I can go back here. Um, is that one thing to note is that I Um, is that one thing to note is that I Um, is that one thing to note is that I think for this simpler use case when think for this simpler use case when think for this simpler use case when there's only eight tools, it might be there's only eight tools, it might be there's only eight tools, it might be the case that multi- aent just isn't as the case that multi- aent just isn't as the case that multi- aent just isn't as necessary. I think sometimes what people necessary. I think sometimes what people necessary. I think sometimes what people have found is that multi- aent setups have found is that multi- aent setups have found is that multi- aent setups are really helpful when you have like a are really helpful when you have like a are really helpful when you have like a much bigger scope for a for a workflow much bigger scope for a for a workflow much bigger scope for a for a workflow or for a use case. For example, if or for a use case. For example, if or for a use case. For example, if there's like, you know, 20 agents and there's like, you know, 20 agents and there's like, you know, 20 agents and each of them have up to 20 tools, that's each of them have up to 20 tools, that's each of them have up to 20 tools, that's just too much information sometimes to just too much information sometimes to just too much information sometimes to give to one model in one prompt and give to one model in one prompt and give to one model in one prompt and expect it to basically filter out the expect it to basically filter out the expect it to basically filter out the irrelevant um tools and get to the right irrelevant um tools and get to the right irrelevant um tools and get to the right choice. So, it's also possible that in choice. So, it's also possible that in choice. So, it's also possible that in this like um simpler use case, it's just this like um simpler use case, it's just this like um simpler use case, it's just not maybe as reflective of when it's not maybe as reflective of when it's not maybe as reflective of when it's helpful to have multi- aent systems. I helpful to have multi- aent systems. I helpful to have multi- aent systems. I think the other reason what we see for think the other reason what we see for think the other reason what we see for the final decision. I think the reason the final decision. I think the reason the final decision. I think the reason we see a difference there is because we see a difference there is because we see a difference there is because having this orchestrator planning agent having this orchestrator planning agent having this orchestrator planning agent also basically also does like a also basically also does like a also basically also does like a reflection kind of component at the end reflection kind of component at the end reflection kind of component at the end kind of provides like an extra kind of provides like an extra kind of provides like an extra verification step of like now that we've verification step of like now that we've verification step of like now that we've collected this information like there's collected this information like there's collected this information like there's an extra step where the orchestra agent an extra step where the orchestra agent an extra step where the orchestra agent is like okay what is the final decision? is like okay what is the final decision? is like okay what is the final decision? Um so I think that part of the setup Um so I think that part of the setup Um so I think that part of the setup might be why you see this correct final might be why you see this correct final might be why you see this correct final decision being higher for this decision being higher for this decision being higher for this orchestration um setup. I think another orchestration um setup. I think another orchestration um setup. I think another thing in terms of why react thing in terms of why react thing in terms of why react underperformed is that we were basically underperformed is that we were basically underperformed is that we were basically using react prompting both for the using react prompting both for the using react prompting both for the orchestrator to select the agents and orchestrator to select the agents and orchestrator to select the agents and also for agents to select tools. So I also for agents to select tools. So I also for agents to select tools. So I think one thing that we could think one thing that we could think one thing that we could investigate in the future would be if we investigate in the future would be if we investigate in the future would be if we separate those two things as separate um separate those two things as separate um separate those two things as separate um as separate components. So for example as separate components. So for example as separate components. So for example like some situation where we we don't like some situation where we we don't like some situation where we we don't use react for the orchestration stuff use react for the orchestration stuff use react for the orchestration stuff but only for the agents calling tools but only for the agents calling tools but only for the agents calling tools and multi- aent setups if that has and multi- aent setups if that has and multi- aent setups if that has differences. Um but yeah, I think one differences. Um but yeah, I think one differences. Um but yeah, I think one difference we also see in terms of difference we also see in terms of difference we also see in terms of multi-agent react uh is that I think the multi-agent react uh is that I think the multi-agent react uh is that I think the hallucinations are often due to sort of hallucinations are often due to sort of hallucinations are often due to sort of confusion around the existence of other confusion around the existence of other confusion around the existence of other agents. I think sometimes like one thing agents. I think sometimes like one thing agents. I think sometimes like one thing I saw in traces would be like that for I saw in traces would be like that for I saw in traces would be like that for certain models they didn't understand certain models they didn't understand certain models they didn't understand basically that like the other agents basically that like the other agents basically that like the other agents tool calls are also valid because they tool calls are also valid because they tool calls are also valid because they don't have access to those tools. So if don't have access to those tools. So if don't have access to those tools. So if the prompt is saying like you have these the prompt is saying like you have these the prompt is saying like you have these tools but the conversation history tools but the conversation history tools but the conversation history indicates the existence of other tools indicates the existence of other tools indicates the existence of other tools by other agents that sometimes led to by other agents that sometimes led to by other agents that sometimes led to confusion. confusion. confusion. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Yeah, I &gt;&gt; Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Yeah, I &gt;&gt; Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Yeah, I think multi multi- aent systems just it think multi multi- aent systems just it think multi multi- aent systems just it just adds a level of complexity that just adds a level of complexity that just adds a level of complexity that sometimes like LLMs are like not you sometimes like LLMs are like not you sometimes like LLMs are like not you know like very robust to that. But yeah know like very robust to that. But yeah know like very robust to that. But yeah um some more questions. Um, Depanchu um some more questions. Um, Depanchu um some more questions. Um, Depanchu wants to know is asking could you share wants to know is asking could you share wants to know is asking could you share some production use cases of agentic some production use cases of agentic some production use cases of agentic systems at service now? systems at service now? systems at service now? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think um one example would be &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think um one example would be &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think um one example would be this kind of customer this kind of customer this kind of customer request routing. Um, another example request routing. Um, another example request routing. Um, another example um I'm trying to think what else we've um I'm trying to think what else we've um I'm trying to think what else we've seen. Yeah, I think that's probably the seen. Yeah, I think that's probably the seen. Yeah, I think that's probably the best example is something very similar best example is something very similar best example is something very similar to this customer service request routing to this customer service request routing to this customer service request routing in terms of basically um autocreating in terms of basically um autocreating in terms of basically um autocreating incidents as we call them at service now incidents as we call them at service now incidents as we call them at service now routing to the right place, assigning to routing to the right place, assigning to routing to the right place, assigning to the right groups, assigning defects, the right groups, assigning defects, the right groups, assigning defects, that kind of thing. that kind of thing. that kind of thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think uh just like one other &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think uh just like one other &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think uh just like one other I've seen kind of in this area is like I've seen kind of in this area is like I've seen kind of in this area is like it ticket um it ticket um it ticket um &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; sort of response. Yeah. So that's &gt;&gt; sort of response. Yeah. So that's &gt;&gt; sort of response. Yeah. So that's another another another &gt;&gt; it like response and processing. Yeah, &gt;&gt; it like response and processing. Yeah, &gt;&gt; it like response and processing. Yeah, it's another good one. it's another good one. it's another good one. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Cool. Yeah. So, a couple more to wrap &gt;&gt; Cool. Yeah. So, a couple more to wrap &gt;&gt; Cool. Yeah. So, a couple more to wrap up. Um, up. Um, up. Um, uh, Alberto is asking to avoid the use uh, Alberto is asking to avoid the use uh, Alberto is asking to avoid the use of LLM as judge, is the verifiability of of LLM as judge, is the verifiability of of LLM as judge, is the verifiability of of the expected outcomes produced by the of the expected outcomes produced by the of the expected outcomes produced by the different tools or LLM calls achieved by different tools or LLM calls achieved by different tools or LLM calls achieved by leveraging very constrained pyantic leveraging very constrained pyantic leveraging very constrained pyantic schemas or something else? schemas or something else? schemas or something else? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So that's part of it like I think &gt;&gt; Yeah. So that's part of it like I think &gt;&gt; Yeah. So that's part of it like I think for like the um in terms of checking for like the um in terms of checking for like the um in terms of checking that like the tools exist and the that like the tools exist and the that like the tools exist and the parameters are valid that is achieved in parameters are valid that is achieved in parameters are valid that is achieved in that way. Um and then yeah we just do a that way. Um and then yeah we just do a that way. Um and then yeah we just do a lot of exact match comparison for like lot of exact match comparison for like lot of exact match comparison for like tool names argument values that kind of tool names argument values that kind of tool names argument values that kind of thing. thing. thing. &gt;&gt; Cool. Yeah. Um another question um if &gt;&gt; Cool. Yeah. Um another question um if &gt;&gt; Cool. Yeah. Um another question um if you would have to pick one model today you would have to pick one model today you would have to pick one model today for a for a single agent uh type for a for a single agent uh type for a for a single agent uh type application which one would you choose? application which one would you choose? application which one would you choose? Um and cost is not a factor. Um and cost is not a factor. Um and cost is not a factor. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's an interesting question. We &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's an interesting question. We &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's an interesting question. We can look back over here. Um &gt;&gt; yeah, one thing to know is that I think &gt;&gt; yeah, one thing to know is that I think &gt;&gt; yeah, one thing to know is that I think because of the timing of this benchmark because of the timing of this benchmark because of the timing of this benchmark and when we created it, a lot of models and when we created it, a lot of models and when we created it, a lot of models have been released since then. Like GPT5 have been released since then. Like GPT5 have been released since then. Like GPT5 is not included here. Um sonnet 4.5 has is not included here. Um sonnet 4.5 has is not included here. Um sonnet 4.5 has not been included here. And so I think not been included here. And so I think not been included here. And so I think that would definitely potentially make a that would definitely potentially make a that would definitely potentially make a difference is being able to see those difference is being able to see those difference is being able to see those numbers. But I think one thing that I numbers. But I think one thing that I numbers. But I think one thing that I find interesting is that I think find interesting is that I think find interesting is that I think what would make a difference if I had what would make a difference if I had what would make a difference if I had select just one model is looking at the select just one model is looking at the select just one model is looking at the single agent performance over both use single agent performance over both use single agent performance over both use cases in which case like just looking at cases in which case like just looking at cases in which case like just looking at these models I would pick sonnet 4. Um these models I would pick sonnet 4. Um these models I would pick sonnet 4. Um because as you can see it performed its because as you can see it performed its because as you can see it performed its best on the more complex customer best on the more complex customer best on the more complex customer service routing um with single agent and service routing um with single agent and service routing um with single agent and you know it performed pretty strongly on you know it performed pretty strongly on you know it performed pretty strongly on the request the the requesting time off the request the the requesting time off the request the the requesting time off use case as well with single agent. I use case as well with single agent. I use case as well with single agent. I think not the objectively highest score think not the objectively highest score think not the objectively highest score but it definitely achieved similar but it definitely achieved similar but it definitely achieved similar scores. I think that's kind of what I scores. I think that's kind of what I scores. I think that's kind of what I would look at is if you had to pick just would look at is if you had to pick just would look at is if you had to pick just one architecture is looking at how does one architecture is looking at how does one architecture is looking at how does that architecture perform with both use that architecture perform with both use that architecture perform with both use cases. That's another key takeaway here cases. That's another key takeaway here cases. That's another key takeaway here is that like sometimes depending on the is that like sometimes depending on the is that like sometimes depending on the differences in use cases and also like differences in use cases and also like differences in use cases and also like what is most important to you in a use what is most important to you in a use what is most important to you in a use case and what is most important to case and what is most important to case and what is most important to success, you might want to pick success, you might want to pick success, you might want to pick different architectures um or different different architectures um or different different architectures um or different models depending on how they perform models depending on how they perform models depending on how they perform across both of those. Does that make across both of those. Does that make across both of those. Does that make sense? sense? sense? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Cool. Um so there's a few more questions Cool. Um so there's a few more questions Cool. Um so there's a few more questions but we're a little over time. Um if um but we're a little over time. Um if um but we're a little over time. Um if um Tara if you want to you know share like Tara if you want to you know share like Tara if you want to you know share like some contact information so people can some contact information so people can some contact information so people can reach out to you up to you obviously. Um reach out to you up to you obviously. Um reach out to you up to you obviously. Um &gt;&gt; yeah for sure I can share my email in &gt;&gt; yeah for sure I can share my email in &gt;&gt; yeah for sure I can share my email in the chat. the chat. the chat. &gt;&gt; Cool. Yeah. So um yeah feel free to ask &gt;&gt; Cool. Yeah. So um yeah feel free to ask &gt;&gt; Cool. Yeah. So um yeah feel free to ask uh any questions there. Um and yeah um uh any questions there. Um and yeah um uh any questions there. Um and yeah um thanks everyone for coming. Um, and see thanks everyone for coming. Um, and see thanks everyone for coming. Um, and see you guys maybe in the next
