In this video, I'll be breaking down AI In this video, I'll be breaking down AI In this video, I'll be breaking down AI agents and how to build them so simply agents and how to build them so simply agents and how to build them so simply that a kid could watch this and build that a kid could watch this and build that a kid could watch this and build their first agent. You see, there's no their first agent. You see, there's no their first agent. You see, there's no shortage of information online on how to shortage of information online on how to shortage of information online on how to build AI agents, but a lot of it is build AI agents, but a lot of it is build AI agents, but a lot of it is super confusing and full of jargon. So, super confusing and full of jargon. So, super confusing and full of jargon. So, I'll be walking you through everything I'll be walking you through everything I'll be walking you through everything as clearly as possible. So, even if as clearly as possible. So, even if as clearly as possible. So, even if you're brand new to this, you'll be able you're brand new to this, you'll be able you're brand new to this, you'll be able to do it, too. I'm going to be building to do it, too. I'm going to be building to do it, too. I'm going to be building a research and email agent from scratch a research and email agent from scratch a research and email agent from scratch to show you how easily you can get one to show you how easily you can get one to show you how easily you can get one up and running. Let's not waste any more up and running. Let's not waste any more up and running. Let's not waste any more time, and I'll explain the diagram time, and I'll explain the diagram time, and I'll explain the diagram you're currently looking at. So AI you're currently looking at. So AI you're currently looking at. So AI agents are often called digital agents are often called digital agents are often called digital employees or digital workers. To employees or digital workers. To employees or digital workers. To understand the different components of understand the different components of understand the different components of an AI agent, let's imagine that an AI an AI agent, let's imagine that an AI an AI agent, let's imagine that an AI agent is like a person. And here we can agent is like a person. And here we can agent is like a person. And here we can see that the way this is basically set see that the way this is basically set see that the way this is basically set up in this diagram is a task is coming up in this diagram is a task is coming up in this diagram is a task is coming in. Our AI agent will then work through in. Our AI agent will then work through in. Our AI agent will then work through that task and eventually reach an that task and eventually reach an that task and eventually reach an outcome. So it could be a task like hey outcome. So it could be a task like hey outcome. So it could be a task like hey go and tidy your room. We then need to go and tidy your room. We then need to go and tidy your room. We then need to process that task and eventually reach process that task and eventually reach process that task and eventually reach an outcome which will be a tidy room but an outcome which will be a tidy room but an outcome which will be a tidy room but more importantly happy parents. So when more importantly happy parents. So when more importantly happy parents. So when we a person needs to process a task we a person needs to process a task we a person needs to process a task first of all we need to be able to think first of all we need to be able to think first of all we need to be able to think about how we would do that task and for about how we would do that task and for about how we would do that task and for that we're going to be using our brain that we're going to be using our brain that we're going to be using our brain and for AI agents the brain is basically and for AI agents the brain is basically and for AI agents the brain is basically made up of two parts. First of all, an made up of two parts. First of all, an made up of two parts. First of all, an AI model and large language model like AI model and large language model like AI model and large language model like chatbt, Gemini, Claude, but also memory. chatbt, Gemini, Claude, but also memory. chatbt, Gemini, Claude, but also memory. And memory is what give gives our AI And memory is what give gives our AI And memory is what give gives our AI agents the ability to remember past agents the ability to remember past agents the ability to remember past interactions. So in the same example we interactions. So in the same example we interactions. So in the same example we had before, if your mom tells you to go had before, if your mom tells you to go had before, if your mom tells you to go and clean up your room and an hour later and clean up your room and an hour later and clean up your room and an hour later she asks, "Are you finished?" you will she asks, "Are you finished?" you will she asks, "Are you finished?" you will know exactly what she is referring to. know exactly what she is referring to. know exactly what she is referring to. And it's the same way here in our AI And it's the same way here in our AI And it's the same way here in our AI agent. So the model gives our agent the agent. So the model gives our agent the agent. So the model gives our agent the ability to uh process and make decisions ability to uh process and make decisions ability to uh process and make decisions whereas the memory allows the agent to whereas the memory allows the agent to whereas the memory allows the agent to remember past interactions. So while the remember past interactions. So while the remember past interactions. So while the brain gives our AI agent the ability to brain gives our AI agent the ability to brain gives our AI agent the ability to make decisions, what really guides those make decisions, what really guides those make decisions, what really guides those decisions and it's the same in people is decisions and it's the same in people is decisions and it's the same in people is their conscience. How well are you going their conscience. How well are you going their conscience. How well are you going to do at the task? How motivated are you to do at the task? How motivated are you to do at the task? How motivated are you going to be and what you think is going to be and what you think is going to be and what you think is actually a completed task. And when it actually a completed task. And when it actually a completed task. And when it comes to AI agents, the way we can comes to AI agents, the way we can comes to AI agents, the way we can basically guide this conscience is by basically guide this conscience is by basically guide this conscience is by creating or um giving our agent a system creating or um giving our agent a system creating or um giving our agent a system prompt. And this is often referred to as prompt. And this is often referred to as prompt. And this is often referred to as the AI agents instructions. So this is a the AI agents instructions. So this is a the AI agents instructions. So this is a very long list of instructions that we very long list of instructions that we very long list of instructions that we can give to our AI agent that should can give to our AI agent that should can give to our AI agent that should form its conscience and tell it exactly form its conscience and tell it exactly form its conscience and tell it exactly how it should behave. So so far with how it should behave. So so far with how it should behave. So so far with just a brain and a conscience, our agent just a brain and a conscience, our agent just a brain and a conscience, our agent is ability to think and make decisions. is ability to think and make decisions. is ability to think and make decisions. But in order for it to actually act on But in order for it to actually act on But in order for it to actually act on those decisions, it needs to be able to those decisions, it needs to be able to those decisions, it needs to be able to use something else. And here in this use something else. And here in this use something else. And here in this example of people, we have the different example of people, we have the different example of people, we have the different body parts. So for instance, when we're body parts. So for instance, when we're body parts. So for instance, when we're cleaning our room, we need to use our cleaning our room, we need to use our cleaning our room, we need to use our eyes to see what is dirty. Potentially, eyes to see what is dirty. Potentially, eyes to see what is dirty. Potentially, if it's that bad, even our nose to if it's that bad, even our nose to if it's that bad, even our nose to smell. Then we have our hands and our smell. Then we have our hands and our smell. Then we have our hands and our legs allowing us to move and our mouths legs allowing us to move and our mouths legs allowing us to move and our mouths to communicate. And with AI agents, this to communicate. And with AI agents, this to communicate. And with AI agents, this is basically referred to as the is basically referred to as the is basically referred to as the different tools that the agent has in different tools that the agent has in different tools that the agent has in its arsenal to be able to complete a its arsenal to be able to complete a its arsenal to be able to complete a task. And there's two different task. And there's two different task. And there's two different categories of tools that I want to categories of tools that I want to categories of tools that I want to showcase here. And the first category is showcase here. And the first category is showcase here. And the first category is all about providing our AI agent with all about providing our AI agent with all about providing our AI agent with context. Information about the systems context. Information about the systems context. Information about the systems around it. So if we're comparing it to around it. So if we're comparing it to around it. So if we're comparing it to body parts here, really eyes, ears, and body parts here, really eyes, ears, and body parts here, really eyes, ears, and nose, these are all to do with our nose, these are all to do with our nose, these are all to do with our senses so that we can pull in senses so that we can pull in senses so that we can pull in information from our environment and information from our environment and information from our environment and make decisions. In the case of AI make decisions. In the case of AI make decisions. In the case of AI agents, this context is typically from agents, this context is typically from agents, this context is typically from pulling in information from different pulling in information from different pulling in information from different business tools, whether that's uh your business tools, whether that's uh your business tools, whether that's uh your emails, your CRM, wherever it may be, is emails, your CRM, wherever it may be, is emails, your CRM, wherever it may be, is understanding context. And what this understanding context. And what this understanding context. And what this really allows is so that the agents really allows is so that the agents really allows is so that the agents reaching the outcome won't purely be reaching the outcome won't purely be reaching the outcome won't purely be based on what the model has been trained based on what the model has been trained based on what the model has been trained on, but rather the real context of a on, but rather the real context of a on, but rather the real context of a business or whatever your agent is business or whatever your agent is business or whatever your agent is trying to achieve. Now the second trying to achieve. Now the second trying to achieve. Now the second category of tools very very important is category of tools very very important is category of tools very very important is tools that allow our agent to take tools that allow our agent to take tools that allow our agent to take action. So in the case of a human hands action. So in the case of a human hands action. So in the case of a human hands could be an agent typing a keyboard could be an agent typing a keyboard could be an agent typing a keyboard giving us the ability to send an email. giving us the ability to send an email. giving us the ability to send an email. We also have mouse so that we We also have mouse so that we We also have mouse so that we communicate and legs so we can move communicate and legs so we can move communicate and legs so we can move around. And it's the very same for AI around. And it's the very same for AI around. And it's the very same for AI agents. This will be giving our agent agents. This will be giving our agent agents. This will be giving our agent the ability to act in different tools the ability to act in different tools the ability to act in different tools that we use each and every day. Now, if that we use each and every day. Now, if that we use each and every day. Now, if we take a look at the agent that we'll we take a look at the agent that we'll we take a look at the agent that we'll be building today in N8N, you can see be building today in N8N, you can see be building today in N8N, you can see here it's kind of similar has some here it's kind of similar has some here it's kind of similar has some similarities to this diagram. First of similarities to this diagram. First of similarities to this diagram. First of all, when it comes to the task, this all, when it comes to the task, this all, when it comes to the task, this one's going to be provided to the agent one's going to be provided to the agent one's going to be provided to the agent from a chat message. So, anyone can from a chat message. So, anyone can from a chat message. So, anyone can basically write the agent a message and basically write the agent a message and basically write the agent a message and give the agents its task. Now, when it give the agents its task. Now, when it give the agents its task. Now, when it comes to the brain of the AI agent, comes to the brain of the AI agent, comes to the brain of the AI agent, remember that's made up of the AI model remember that's made up of the AI model remember that's made up of the AI model and also memory. And then finally, the and also memory. And then finally, the and also memory. And then finally, the tools of the agent. And instead of uh tools of the agent. And instead of uh tools of the agent. And instead of uh the agents tools being different body the agents tools being different body the agents tools being different body parts of a person here, this is parts of a person here, this is parts of a person here, this is different business tools that we would different business tools that we would different business tools that we would use. And in our case, we're setting up a use. And in our case, we're setting up a use. And in our case, we're setting up a Santa's helper agent. So what's going to Santa's helper agent. So what's going to Santa's helper agent. So what's going to happen is any person or kid can talk to happen is any person or kid can talk to happen is any person or kid can talk to our Santa's helper agent, tell the agent our Santa's helper agent, tell the agent our Santa's helper agent, tell the agent a little bit about themselves, how old a little bit about themselves, how old a little bit about themselves, how old they are, what their interests are, and they are, what their interests are, and they are, what their interests are, and our agent is going to get to work. It's our agent is going to get to work. It's our agent is going to get to work. It's going to use its brain, its memory, going to use its brain, its memory, going to use its brain, its memory, process the task. It's got its system process the task. It's got its system process the task. It's got its system instructions underneath its conscience, instructions underneath its conscience, instructions underneath its conscience, and then it has access to two different and then it has access to two different and then it has access to two different tools. First of all, one to find the tools. First of all, one to find the tools. First of all, one to find the appropriate toys for that person. And appropriate toys for that person. And appropriate toys for that person. And then secondly, once the person has then secondly, once the person has then secondly, once the person has agreed on exactly what toys they want agreed on exactly what toys they want agreed on exactly what toys they want for Christmas that year, we can send the for Christmas that year, we can send the for Christmas that year, we can send the wish list off to that person's parents wish list off to that person's parents wish list off to that person's parents or whoever's buying them their Christmas or whoever's buying them their Christmas or whoever's buying them their Christmas presents. All right, so let's build this presents. All right, so let's build this presents. All right, so let's build this out in N8N. And so here I'm just in a out in N8N. And so here I'm just in a out in N8N. And so here I'm just in a new N8N workflow. Rule number one, new N8N workflow. Rule number one, new N8N workflow. Rule number one, always name your workflow. So let's call always name your workflow. So let's call always name your workflow. So let's call this one Santa's helper AI agent. And this one Santa's helper AI agent. And this one Santa's helper AI agent. And now to start building this out, we're now to start building this out, we're now to start building this out, we're just going to click here on add a first just going to click here on add a first just going to click here on add a first step. And we want to search for AI step. And we want to search for AI step. And we want to search for AI agent. And let's click on this one here. agent. And let's click on this one here. agent. And let's click on this one here. And now you'll be seen here shown here And now you'll be seen here shown here And now you'll be seen here shown here the different settings. I'm just going the different settings. I'm just going the different settings. I'm just going to click out and we'll take a look at to click out and we'll take a look at to click out and we'll take a look at what's actually happen. So what N have what's actually happen. So what N have what's actually happen. So what N have automatically done is we have an AI automatically done is we have an AI automatically done is we have an AI agent dropped in here, but we also have agent dropped in here, but we also have agent dropped in here, but we also have a chat trigger. So the way that this one a chat trigger. So the way that this one a chat trigger. So the way that this one works is basically we're just going to works is basically we're just going to works is basically we're just going to be able to chat with our agent here. And be able to chat with our agent here. And be able to chat with our agent here. And inside our AI agent settings, we can see inside our AI agent settings, we can see inside our AI agent settings, we can see the message that the agent receives, the message that the agent receives, the message that the agent receives, this is the agent's task is this is the agent's task is this is the agent's task is automatically taking the chat input. So automatically taking the chat input. So automatically taking the chat input. So whatever gets sent in the chat is whatever gets sent in the chat is whatever gets sent in the chat is automatically being fed through to our automatically being fed through to our automatically being fed through to our agent. But right now, for instance, if agent. But right now, for instance, if agent. But right now, for instance, if we uh test this one out. So here I can we uh test this one out. So here I can we uh test this one out. So here I can even type something in the chat like hi even type something in the chat like hi even type something in the chat like hi there. We can see we get an error. And there. We can see we get an error. And there. We can see we get an error. And that's because right now our agent is that's because right now our agent is that's because right now our agent is completely empty. It doesn't have a completely empty. It doesn't have a completely empty. It doesn't have a brain whatsoever. So let's go ahead and brain whatsoever. So let's go ahead and brain whatsoever. So let's go ahead and add a brain to our agent. The way we do add a brain to our agent. The way we do add a brain to our agent. The way we do that is first of all by adding a chat that is first of all by adding a chat that is first of all by adding a chat model and you can basically pick from model and you can basically pick from model and you can basically pick from any number of the different large any number of the different large any number of the different large language model providers. What you'll language model providers. What you'll language model providers. What you'll need to have is for each of these you'll need to have is for each of these you'll need to have is for each of these you'll need to have an API key. And I'll leave need to have an API key. And I'll leave need to have an API key. And I'll leave a link in the description. I've got um a link in the description. I've got um a link in the description. I've got um videos showing you how to get your videos showing you how to get your videos showing you how to get your Gemini API key, your Chat GBT API key, Gemini API key, your Chat GBT API key, Gemini API key, your Chat GBT API key, and also your Claude. Um or you can just and also your Claude. Um or you can just and also your Claude. Um or you can just follow the documentation. But let's use follow the documentation. But let's use follow the documentation. But let's use Gemini for this example. And what you'll Gemini for this example. And what you'll Gemini for this example. And what you'll need to do is add some credentials. So, need to do is add some credentials. So, need to do is add some credentials. So, I already have um my Gemini account I already have um my Gemini account I already have um my Gemini account connected. If you're new to this, you connected. If you're new to this, you connected. If you're new to this, you just need to hit create new credential. just need to hit create new credential. just need to hit create new credential. And here, this is where you'll be And here, this is where you'll be And here, this is where you'll be pasting that API key. So, check out the pasting that API key. So, check out the pasting that API key. So, check out the other video, grab your API key, paste it other video, grab your API key, paste it other video, grab your API key, paste it in here, and then you'll be good to go. in here, and then you'll be good to go. in here, and then you'll be good to go. Whether you using Gemini, Chat, GBT, Whether you using Gemini, Chat, GBT, Whether you using Gemini, Chat, GBT, Claude, or any other model. All right. Claude, or any other model. All right. Claude, or any other model. All right. So, now our agent has the first part of So, now our agent has the first part of So, now our agent has the first part of its brain. We have an large language its brain. We have an large language its brain. We have an large language model in this case, Gemini. So, let me model in this case, Gemini. So, let me model in this case, Gemini. So, let me try this one again. If I say hi there, try this one again. If I say hi there, try this one again. If I say hi there, and we can see our agent is running. and we can see our agent is running. and we can see our agent is running. It's using its model and just says, "Hi, It's using its model and just says, "Hi, It's using its model and just says, "Hi, how can I help you today?" So, our agent how can I help you today?" So, our agent how can I help you today?" So, our agent has one part of its brain, its large has one part of its brain, its large has one part of its brain, its large language model, and it's able to respond language model, and it's able to respond language model, and it's able to respond to some text. But let me show you now to some text. But let me show you now to some text. But let me show you now why memory is so important component of why memory is so important component of why memory is so important component of AI agents brain here. So, I'm going to AI agents brain here. So, I'm going to AI agents brain here. So, I'm going to write something like when was Albert write something like when was Albert write something like when was Albert Einstein born? And this is something Einstein born? And this is something Einstein born? And this is something that any large language model should that any large language model should that any large language model should know. So, here it says Albert Einstein know. So, here it says Albert Einstein know. So, here it says Albert Einstein was born on March 14, 1879. If I now was born on March 14, 1879. If I now was born on March 14, 1879. If I now write how old would he be today, write how old would he be today, write how old would he be today, we can see our agent has come up with we can see our agent has come up with we can see our agent has come up with quite a weird reply. I can help you quite a weird reply. I can help you quite a weird reply. I can help you figure that out, but I need more figure that out, but I need more figure that out, but I need more information. Who is he? Who are you information. Who is he? Who are you information. Who is he? Who are you talking about? And that's because right talking about? And that's because right talking about? And that's because right now the whenever we're sending these now the whenever we're sending these now the whenever we're sending these individual uh messages to our agent, it individual uh messages to our agent, it individual uh messages to our agent, it has no idea about what's happening has no idea about what's happening has no idea about what's happening before. So, in order to fix this, what before. So, in order to fix this, what before. So, in order to fix this, what we're going to do is give our agent some we're going to do is give our agent some we're going to do is give our agent some memory. And here, I'm just going to use memory. And here, I'm just going to use memory. And here, I'm just going to use the simple memory function from N8N to the simple memory function from N8N to the simple memory function from N8N to set this one up. We can see what's set this one up. We can see what's set this one up. We can see what's automatically being passed here is a automatically being passed here is a automatically being passed here is a session ID. I'll show you exactly where session ID. I'll show you exactly where session ID. I'll show you exactly where you can find this in a second. But we you can find this in a second. But we you can find this in a second. But we can also change here the context window can also change here the context window can also change here the context window length. And this is how many messages length. And this is how many messages length. And this is how many messages back and forth should our agent back and forth should our agent back and forth should our agent remember. And let me I'm just going to remember. And let me I'm just going to remember. And let me I'm just going to update to this something like 20. So you update to this something like 20. So you update to this something like 20. So you can have a bit longer uh conversations can have a bit longer uh conversations can have a bit longer uh conversations with your agents. And this session ID with your agents. And this session ID with your agents. And this session ID here, you can see in this chat, every here, you can see in this chat, every here, you can see in this chat, every chat has a certain session ID. And if I chat has a certain session ID. And if I chat has a certain session ID. And if I click to reset, this will have basically click to reset, this will have basically click to reset, this will have basically a different ID. And that will allow you a different ID. And that will allow you a different ID. And that will allow you to have different conversations with to have different conversations with to have different conversations with your agent about different topics. But your agent about different topics. But your agent about different topics. But within that chat, it will remember within that chat, it will remember within that chat, it will remember everything that has been said. So let's everything that has been said. So let's everything that has been said. So let's test this one out again. Is when was test this one out again. Is when was test this one out again. Is when was Einstein born? And we can see our agent now used both And we can see our agent now used both And we can see our agent now used both its memory and its model giving us its memory and its model giving us its memory and its model giving us Einstein's birthday. How old would he be Einstein's birthday. How old would he be Einstein's birthday. How old would he be today? And we can see now it remembers that And we can see now it remembers that And we can see now it remembers that we're talking about Albert Einstein when we're talking about Albert Einstein when we're talking about Albert Einstein when we say he and that he would be 145 years we say he and that he would be 145 years we say he and that he would be 145 years old. All right. So now that we have our old. All right. So now that we have our old. All right. So now that we have our AI agents uh brain set up and we're a we AI agents uh brain set up and we're a we AI agents uh brain set up and we're a we have the ability to chat with it. Let's have the ability to chat with it. Let's have the ability to chat with it. Let's go ahead and set up its conscience. go ahead and set up its conscience. go ahead and set up its conscience. Remember that is the system prompt for Remember that is the system prompt for Remember that is the system prompt for our agent or system message, our AI our agent or system message, our AI our agent or system message, our AI agents instruction. So I'm just going to agents instruction. So I'm just going to agents instruction. So I'm just going to click into the AI agent. And first thing click into the AI agent. And first thing click into the AI agent. And first thing I'm going to do is actually rename this I'm going to do is actually rename this I'm going to do is actually rename this um to give it a little bit more um to give it a little bit more um to give it a little bit more guidance. This is going to be our guidance. This is going to be our guidance. This is going to be our Santa's helper AI agent. And we can see Santa's helper AI agent. And we can see Santa's helper AI agent. And we can see already we have the chat message that is already we have the chat message that is already we have the chat message that is being sent to our agent. But we want to being sent to our agent. But we want to being sent to our agent. But we want to add these system instructions or the add these system instructions or the add these system instructions or the system prompt. So underneath here under system prompt. So underneath here under system prompt. So underneath here under add option, we just want to select add option, we just want to select add option, we just want to select system message. And now you can see here system message. And now you can see here system message. And now you can see here by default all that it has is you are a by default all that it has is you are a by default all that it has is you are a helpful assistant. That is not enough to helpful assistant. That is not enough to helpful assistant. That is not enough to guide its conscience. We now to need to guide its conscience. We now to need to guide its conscience. We now to need to tell it exactly how it can be Santa's tell it exactly how it can be Santa's tell it exactly how it can be Santa's helper AI agent. Now, what I would helper AI agent. Now, what I would helper AI agent. Now, what I would recommend, do not start writing out your recommend, do not start writing out your recommend, do not start writing out your system message in here. The process that system message in here. The process that system message in here. The process that I like to follow is always start writing I like to follow is always start writing I like to follow is always start writing out in simple language what you want out in simple language what you want out in simple language what you want your agent to do. So, here I basically your agent to do. So, here I basically your agent to do. So, here I basically say here's what I want my Santa's helper say here's what I want my Santa's helper say here's what I want my Santa's helper agent to do. It will receive some agent to do. It will receive some agent to do. It will receive some details from a kid about their agent details from a kid about their agent details from a kid about their agent interests. It's then going to use its interests. It's then going to use its interests. It's then going to use its find toys tool to find the top three find toys tool to find the top three find toys tool to find the top three relevant toys. The kid will then give relevant toys. The kid will then give relevant toys. The kid will then give feedback about those toys, whether feedback about those toys, whether feedback about those toys, whether they're good or whether more should be they're good or whether more should be they're good or whether more should be suggested. And finally, it should use suggested. And finally, it should use suggested. And finally, it should use its send wish list tool to send the wish its send wish list tool to send the wish its send wish list tool to send the wish list of the kid to the parent or whoever list of the kid to the parent or whoever list of the kid to the parent or whoever is shopping for Christmas. So now that is shopping for Christmas. So now that is shopping for Christmas. So now that I've got it written out in plain I've got it written out in plain I've got it written out in plain language, what I'm going to do is I'm language, what I'm going to do is I'm language, what I'm going to do is I'm simply going to copy this one and then simply going to copy this one and then simply going to copy this one and then open up any AI chat tool. So here I'm in open up any AI chat tool. So here I'm in open up any AI chat tool. So here I'm in Claude. Whether you use Gemini chatbt, Claude. Whether you use Gemini chatbt, Claude. Whether you use Gemini chatbt, it doesn't matter. Basically is do not it doesn't matter. Basically is do not it doesn't matter. Basically is do not write your own system prompts. Have AI write your own system prompts. Have AI write your own system prompts. Have AI write them for you. So, all I've added write them for you. So, all I've added write them for you. So, all I've added to what I have in that doc there is, I'm to what I have in that doc there is, I'm to what I have in that doc there is, I'm working on setting up an AI agent in working on setting up an AI agent in working on setting up an AI agent in N8N. Could you please help me with N8N. Could you please help me with N8N. Could you please help me with writing the system prompt? And here I've writing the system prompt? And here I've writing the system prompt? And here I've basically just copied in um me just basically just copied in um me just basically just copied in um me just describing in plain language what I want describing in plain language what I want describing in plain language what I want my agent to do. So, I can send this one my agent to do. So, I can send this one my agent to do. So, I can send this one off. off. off. And here we can see Claude is now And here we can see Claude is now And here we can see Claude is now carefully crafting a detailed system carefully crafting a detailed system carefully crafting a detailed system prompt. Way better than anything we prompt. Way better than anything we prompt. Way better than anything we would have written if we started writing would have written if we started writing would have written if we started writing this out manually. So, we can take a this out manually. So, we can take a this out manually. So, we can take a look at everything that Claude has added look at everything that Claude has added look at everything that Claude has added to our agent system prompt. So it's to our agent system prompt. So it's to our agent system prompt. So it's given it a role and personality which is given it a role and personality which is given it a role and personality which is cheerful and enthusiastic. Then it lays cheerful and enthusiastic. Then it lays cheerful and enthusiastic. Then it lays out its core workflow. What workflow out its core workflow. What workflow out its core workflow. What workflow should this agent always follow? Step should this agent always follow? Step should this agent always follow? Step one, step two, step three, all the steps one, step two, step three, all the steps one, step two, step three, all the steps uh needed. Giving some instructions uh needed. Giving some instructions uh needed. Giving some instructions about the different tools that it has about the different tools that it has about the different tools that it has access to the find toys tool and the access to the find toys tool and the access to the find toys tool and the send wish list tool. And then also some send wish list tool. And then also some send wish list tool. And then also some communication guidelines, error handling communication guidelines, error handling communication guidelines, error handling and example interaction, even some and example interaction, even some and example interaction, even some important notes. And what's really good important notes. And what's really good important notes. And what's really good about this process is you can read about this process is you can read about this process is you can read through this. If you're not happy with through this. If you're not happy with through this. If you're not happy with those instructions, you can simply those instructions, you can simply those instructions, you can simply continue back and forth chatting with continue back and forth chatting with continue back and forth chatting with chat GBT Claude Gemini until you nail chat GBT Claude Gemini until you nail chat GBT Claude Gemini until you nail your system instructions. So here's a your system instructions. So here's a your system instructions. So here's a version that I actually went back and version that I actually went back and version that I actually went back and forth with Claude with. It also included forth with Claude with. It also included forth with Claude with. It also included like an HTML template of the email. So like an HTML template of the email. So like an HTML template of the email. So I'm just going to copy this one. And I'm just going to copy this one. And I'm just going to copy this one. And then back in N8N, we can simply paste then back in N8N, we can simply paste then back in N8N, we can simply paste that long uh system prompt here. If you that long uh system prompt here. If you that long uh system prompt here. If you want a copy of the exact system prompt want a copy of the exact system prompt want a copy of the exact system prompt that I'm using in this example, in the that I'm using in this example, in the that I'm using in this example, in the description below, um you'll find a link description below, um you'll find a link description below, um you'll find a link where you have access to the full where you have access to the full where you have access to the full prompt. All right, so now we've got our prompt. All right, so now we've got our prompt. All right, so now we've got our brain set up and our conscience with the brain set up and our conscience with the brain set up and our conscience with the system prompt, the agent instructions. system prompt, the agent instructions. system prompt, the agent instructions. Now, before we can actually go and test Now, before we can actually go and test Now, before we can actually go and test this out, first of all, always as you're this out, first of all, always as you're this out, first of all, always as you're building these, make sure you're hitting building these, make sure you're hitting building these, make sure you're hitting save along the way. But now we can save along the way. But now we can save along the way. But now we can basically add the agents tools. And as basically add the agents tools. And as basically add the agents tools. And as we know, this agent is going to have two we know, this agent is going to have two we know, this agent is going to have two tools. One to find toys and another to tools. One to find toys and another to tools. One to find toys and another to send the wish list email. So let's first send the wish list email. So let's first send the wish list email. So let's first start by looking for our Perplexity uh start by looking for our Perplexity uh start by looking for our Perplexity uh tool. And again, this one you need to tool. And again, this one you need to tool. And again, this one you need to have a connection and add an API key. So have a connection and add an API key. So have a connection and add an API key. So very easily in your um Perplexity very easily in your um Perplexity very easily in your um Perplexity account, you can find your API key. You account, you can find your API key. You account, you can find your API key. You do need to add some credits to it. Um do need to add some credits to it. Um do need to add some credits to it. Um and then you can easily paste this in and then you can easily paste this in and then you can easily paste this in there. And whenever you're setting up there. And whenever you're setting up there. And whenever you're setting up these agent tools, naming them is also these agent tools, naming them is also these agent tools, naming them is also very important because that's what our very important because that's what our very important because that's what our agent is going to see. So in this case, agent is going to see. So in this case, agent is going to see. So in this case, I'm going to call this find toys tool I'm going to call this find toys tool I'm going to call this find toys tool because that is what this uh tools because that is what this uh tools because that is what this uh tools purpose is. We have a few options here purpose is. We have a few options here purpose is. We have a few options here in perplexity. We want to keep this as in perplexity. We want to keep this as in perplexity. We want to keep this as message a model, but the model that I'm message a model, but the model that I'm message a model, but the model that I'm going to use is probably one of the more going to use is probably one of the more going to use is probably one of the more advanced ones. I'm going to use sonar uh advanced ones. I'm going to use sonar uh advanced ones. I'm going to use sonar uh pro. And now we have a message. So the pro. And now we have a message. So the pro. And now we have a message. So the way that perplexity works is it will go way that perplexity works is it will go way that perplexity works is it will go and do an AI search of the internet. And and do an AI search of the internet. And and do an AI search of the internet. And whatever it searches for is based on the whatever it searches for is based on the whatever it searches for is based on the message that is being sent here. And message that is being sent here. And message that is being sent here. And what I'm actually going to do is I'm what I'm actually going to do is I'm what I'm actually going to do is I'm going to click on this little button going to click on this little button going to click on this little button which says let the model define this which says let the model define this which says let the model define this parameter. And the reason why I'm going parameter. And the reason why I'm going parameter. And the reason why I'm going to do this is all of the instructions on to do this is all of the instructions on to do this is all of the instructions on what should be searched for has already what should be searched for has already what should be searched for has already been provided in our AI agent conscience been provided in our AI agent conscience been provided in our AI agent conscience in the system instructions. And then we in the system instructions. And then we in the system instructions. And then we just want to have simplify output just want to have simplify output just want to have simplify output toggled on. This is just a way that toggled on. This is just a way that toggled on. This is just a way that we're not sending too much information we're not sending too much information we're not sending too much information back to our agent, only the information back to our agent, only the information back to our agent, only the information that it needs to know. So now we have that it needs to know. So now we have that it needs to know. So now we have our find toys tool set up. We need to our find toys tool set up. We need to our find toys tool set up. We need to add our second tool for our agent and add our second tool for our agent and add our second tool for our agent and that is going to be our send wishlist that is going to be our send wishlist that is going to be our send wishlist tool. And for this we're going to be tool. And for this we're going to be tool. And for this we're going to be using the Gmail tool here in Nadn so using the Gmail tool here in Nadn so using the Gmail tool here in Nadn so that we have the ability to send an that we have the ability to send an that we have the ability to send an email. Again here I already have my email. Again here I already have my email. Again here I already have my Gmail account uh connected. If you do Gmail account uh connected. If you do Gmail account uh connected. If you do want to create connect any Google want to create connect any Google want to create connect any Google services I actually have a separate services I actually have a separate services I actually have a separate video where in less than 5 minutes video where in less than 5 minutes video where in less than 5 minutes you'll know how to create connect any uh you'll know how to create connect any uh you'll know how to create connect any uh Google application to N8N and I'll also Google application to N8N and I'll also Google application to N8N and I'll also leave a description to that below and leave a description to that below and leave a description to that below and probably on screen as well. But I've got probably on screen as well. But I've got probably on screen as well. But I've got my Gmail connected and what I want to do my Gmail connected and what I want to do my Gmail connected and what I want to do is I want to use the message resource. is I want to use the message resource. is I want to use the message resource. This is basically an email and I want it This is basically an email and I want it This is basically an email and I want it to send a message. So the first thing to send a message. So the first thing to send a message. So the first thing remember whenever we're setting up these remember whenever we're setting up these remember whenever we're setting up these agent tools, let's uh adjust the name agent tools, let's uh adjust the name agent tools, let's uh adjust the name slightly. So this is going to be the slightly. So this is going to be the slightly. So this is going to be the send wishlist tool. And now in order to send wishlist tool. And now in order to send wishlist tool. And now in order to have the information about who should be have the information about who should be have the information about who should be sending the email to, what should be the sending the email to, what should be the sending the email to, what should be the subject, and what should be the message subject, and what should be the message subject, and what should be the message for all of these, we're simply going to for all of these, we're simply going to for all of these, we're simply going to let our AI agent decide because again, let our AI agent decide because again, let our AI agent decide because again, all the information is provided in that all the information is provided in that all the information is provided in that system prompt. All right, so our AI system prompt. All right, so our AI system prompt. All right, so our AI agent, our Santa Helper AI agent is agent, our Santa Helper AI agent is agent, our Santa Helper AI agent is looking quite complete now. We've got looking quite complete now. We've got looking quite complete now. We've got the brain with the model, the memory the brain with the model, the memory the brain with the model, the memory setup, and now our two different tools setup, and now our two different tools setup, and now our two different tools to find toys and then send the wish list to find toys and then send the wish list to find toys and then send the wish list email. Now comes the most critical part email. Now comes the most critical part email. Now comes the most critical part whenever you're building AI agents and whenever you're building AI agents and whenever you're building AI agents and that's actually testing them out. So that's actually testing them out. So that's actually testing them out. So let's open the chat. I'm just going to let's open the chat. I'm just going to let's open the chat. I'm just going to start with something simple like hi start with something simple like hi start with something simple like hi there. there. there. And what's happening now? You see we got And what's happening now? You see we got And what's happening now? You see we got quite a quick response. All that we quite a quick response. All that we quite a quick response. All that we needed to use here was the model and the needed to use here was the model and the needed to use here was the model and the memory. Um but you can see it's memory. Um but you can see it's memory. Um but you can see it's responding totally different to when it responding totally different to when it responding totally different to when it was just a helpful assistant. Ho ho ho. was just a helpful assistant. Ho ho ho. was just a helpful assistant. Ho ho ho. Hello there friend. I'm Santa's helper. Hello there friend. I'm Santa's helper. Hello there friend. I'm Santa's helper. So it already has a personality. It's So it already has a personality. It's So it already has a personality. It's totally changed the way it communicates. totally changed the way it communicates. totally changed the way it communicates. Um it's asking to get started. Can you Um it's asking to get started. Can you Um it's asking to get started. Can you tell me how old you are and what are tell me how old you are and what are tell me how old you are and what are your favorite things to do? Do you love your favorite things to do? Do you love your favorite things to do? Do you love building, drawing, playing outside, or building, drawing, playing outside, or building, drawing, playing outside, or something else super fun? So, I've just something else super fun? So, I've just something else super fun? So, I've just prepared a little mock message here prepared a little mock message here prepared a little mock message here saying, "Hi, Santa's helper. My name is saying, "Hi, Santa's helper. My name is saying, "Hi, Santa's helper. My name is Molly. I'm 3 years old. I love all Molly. I'm 3 years old. I love all Molly. I'm 3 years old. I love all things pink. My parents prefer when I things pink. My parents prefer when I things pink. My parents prefer when I play with toys that are also educational play with toys that are also educational play with toys that are also educational as well as fun." So, quite mature. Let's as well as fun." So, quite mature. Let's as well as fun." So, quite mature. Let's have a look what happens now. So, now have a look what happens now. So, now have a look what happens now. So, now when this message gets sent off, we can when this message gets sent off, we can when this message gets sent off, we can see our AI agent kick in straight away see our AI agent kick in straight away see our AI agent kick in straight away and using its find toys tool. And now and using its find toys tool. And now and using its find toys tool. And now we're presented with a perfectly we're presented with a perfectly we're presented with a perfectly formatted message. So, we have the top formatted message. So, we have the top formatted message. So, we have the top three picks for that child. We can see three picks for that child. We can see three picks for that child. We can see listed in order with a short description listed in order with a short description listed in order with a short description um including the price as well uh of um including the price as well uh of um including the price as well uh of each toy. So, imagine Molly's going to each toy. So, imagine Molly's going to each toy. So, imagine Molly's going to read through this and say, "Okay, these read through this and say, "Okay, these read through this and say, "Okay, these all look good. Um, let's say they are all look good. Um, let's say they are all look good. Um, let's say they are great, great, great, but can you put but can you put but can you put the princess dress up in spot number one the princess dress up in spot number one the princess dress up in spot number one and and and send the wish list to and I'm just going send the wish list to and I'm just going send the wish list to and I'm just going to add an email address here that will to add an email address here that will to add an email address here that will blur out. So, this will be the email blur out. So, this will be the email blur out. So, this will be the email address of Molly's parent. And we can address of Molly's parent. And we can address of Molly's parent. And we can see what's happening now. So, the Gemini see what's happening now. So, the Gemini see what's happening now. So, the Gemini model is working. And then straight away model is working. And then straight away model is working. And then straight away we've used the send wishlist tool. And we've used the send wishlist tool. And we've used the send wishlist tool. And let's most importantly now take a look let's most importantly now take a look let's most importantly now take a look in my email address. First of all, in my email address. First of all, in my email address. First of all, what's also happened here is the agent what's also happened here is the agent what's also happened here is the agent has confirmed with Molly that that email has confirmed with Molly that that email has confirmed with Molly that that email has been sent and asking if there's has been sent and asking if there's has been sent and asking if there's anything else that Santa's helper can anything else that Santa's helper can anything else that Santa's helper can help with. And we can see now we've help with. And we can see now we've help with. And we can see now we've received the email Molly's Christmas received the email Molly's Christmas received the email Molly's Christmas wish list from Santa's helper. And we wish list from Santa's helper. And we wish list from Santa's helper. And we can see there is a perfectly formatted can see there is a perfectly formatted can see there is a perfectly formatted uh email here with the Disney princess uh email here with the Disney princess uh email here with the Disney princess now up in number one. So, if I'm the now up in number one. So, if I'm the now up in number one. So, if I'm the parent, I can simply just copy this and parent, I can simply just copy this and parent, I can simply just copy this and let's do a quick Google search. And here let's do a quick Google search. And here let's do a quick Google search. And here we can see the princess dress up kit. we can see the princess dress up kit. we can see the princess dress up kit. Very, very cool. Nice and pink. And Very, very cool. Nice and pink. And Very, very cool. Nice and pink. And remember, all of this is possible remember, all of this is possible remember, all of this is possible because a we equipped our agent with a because a we equipped our agent with a because a we equipped our agent with a very clear guided system instructions, very clear guided system instructions, very clear guided system instructions, which allows it to create well formatted which allows it to create well formatted which allows it to create well formatted emails like this one, but also the fact emails like this one, but also the fact emails like this one, but also the fact that we equipped our agent with the that we equipped our agent with the that we equipped our agent with the relevant tools to go and search for toys relevant tools to go and search for toys relevant tools to go and search for toys and then obviously send this email. And and then obviously send this email. And and then obviously send this email. And now if you perhaps are not a kid and now if you perhaps are not a kid and now if you perhaps are not a kid and watching this and want to see okay what watching this and want to see okay what watching this and want to see okay what would be the business context of an would be the business context of an would be the business context of an agent like this maybe instead of agent like this maybe instead of agent like this maybe instead of searching for toys it's searching searching for toys it's searching searching for toys it's searching through business databases like your CRM through business databases like your CRM through business databases like your CRM your content base whatever it needs to your content base whatever it needs to your content base whatever it needs to be basically always think about do I be basically always think about do I be basically always think about do I need to give my agent context around need to give my agent context around need to give my agent context around different business items performing different business items performing different business items performing searches on the web and then what searches on the web and then what searches on the web and then what actions do I want my agent to take now actions do I want my agent to take now actions do I want my agent to take now if you're here you might be a beginner if you're here you might be a beginner if you're here you might be a beginner which means you're probably looking to which means you're probably looking to which means you're probably looking to get some agents up and running the issue get some agents up and running the issue get some agents up and running the issue is I didn't go into as much depth in is I didn't go into as much depth in is I didn't go into as much depth in this video since this is literally how I this video since this is literally how I this video since this is literally how I would teach AI agents to a kid so that would teach AI agents to a kid so that would teach AI agents to a kid so that beginners watching this could follow beginners watching this could follow beginners watching this could follow along. But if you head over to this along. But if you head over to this along. But if you head over to this video on the screen now, you can get a video on the screen now, you can get a video on the screen now, you can get a more intermediate level understanding of more intermediate level understanding of more intermediate level understanding of building AI agents yourself step by step building AI agents yourself step by step building AI agents yourself step by step and literally just follow along to see and literally just follow along to see and literally just follow along to see what I personally do. If you've been what I personally do. If you've been what I personally do. If you've been wanting to learn the behind the scenes wanting to learn the behind the scenes wanting to learn the behind the scenes of actually building AI agents, this is of actually building AI agents, this is of actually building AI agents, this is your ticket to learn it. I'll see you your ticket to learn it. I'll see you your ticket to learn it. I'll see you over there.
