Hey everyone, I'm Sally-Ann, a product Hey everyone, I'm Sally-Ann, a product Hey everyone, I'm Sally-Ann, a product manager at Arize. manager at Arize. manager at Arize. &gt;&gt; Hey, I'm Jack. I'm an AI engineer at &gt;&gt; Hey, I'm Jack. I'm an AI engineer at &gt;&gt; Hey, I'm Jack. I'm an AI engineer at Arize. Arize. Arize. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; We want to talk a little bit about &gt;&gt; We want to talk a little bit about &gt;&gt; We want to talk a little bit about testing and [music] and what we do to testing and [music] and what we do to testing and [music] and what we do to test Alex. I think in the world of test Alex. I think in the world of test Alex. I think in the world of software, it's pretty straightforward. software, it's pretty straightforward. software, it's pretty straightforward. Everybody knows how to have unit tests Everybody knows how to have unit tests Everybody knows how to have unit tests and our, you know, GitHub [music] and our, you know, GitHub [music] and our, you know, GitHub [music] actions to make sure our code is of high actions to make sure our code is of high actions to make sure our code is of high quality and nothing's breaking, but uh quality and nothing's breaking, but uh quality and nothing's breaking, but uh with the new AI agent world, it's a with the new AI agent world, it's a with the new AI agent world, it's a little bit less straightforward. And I little bit less straightforward. And I little bit less straightforward. And I remember the early days where testing remember the early days where testing remember the early days where testing really was me with a Google Doc uh really was me with a Google Doc uh really was me with a Google Doc uh writing down queries and the answers and writing down queries and the answers and writing down queries and the answers and then then then &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; making changes, seeing if it worked, and &gt;&gt; making changes, seeing if it worked, and &gt;&gt; making changes, seeing if it worked, and then, you know, repeating that process. then, you know, repeating that process. then, you know, repeating that process. And it was extremely painful, super And it was extremely painful, super And it was extremely painful, super inefficient as well. And so, we inefficient as well. And so, we inefficient as well. And so, we definitely knew, I think overall at definitely knew, I think overall at definitely knew, I think overall at Arize, that we needed a better way for Arize, that we needed a better way for Arize, that we needed a better way for folks to test agents. And even that has folks to test agents. And even that has folks to test agents. And even that has evolved to where we are today with these evolved to where we are today with these evolved to where we are today with these kind of automated flows that Jack's kind of automated flows that Jack's kind of automated flows that Jack's going to show us. But the goal is to going to show us. But the goal is to going to show us. But the goal is to have a set of golden answers, a set of have a set of golden answers, a set of have a set of golden answers, a set of data that you can return to anytime data that you can return to anytime data that you can return to anytime you're making a change to ensure that you're making a change to ensure that you're making a change to ensure that things aren't breaking. So, it really is things aren't breaking. So, it really is things aren't breaking. So, it really is the new, you know, testing framework uh the new, you know, testing framework uh the new, you know, testing framework uh for AI code versus just our traditional for AI code versus just our traditional for AI code versus just our traditional software. Yeah, and you know, I feel software. Yeah, and you know, I feel software. Yeah, and you know, I feel like, especially with agents, um like, especially with agents, um like, especially with agents, um tests are so important because um tests are so important because um tests are so important because um our our system prompt is very long. We our our system prompt is very long. We our our system prompt is very long. We have, you know, dozens of tools. And we have, you know, dozens of tools. And we have, you know, dozens of tools. And we found that like any small change to, you found that like any small change to, you found that like any small change to, you know, either the tool description, the know, either the tool description, the know, either the tool description, the system prompt, it can kind of throw system prompt, it can kind of throw system prompt, it can kind of throw things, you know, for a loop. And things, you know, for a loop. And things, you know, for a loop. And sometimes it's hard to find those cases sometimes it's hard to find those cases sometimes it's hard to find those cases because, you know, you're not explicitly because, you know, you're not explicitly because, you know, you're not explicitly trying to test for those. So, we found trying to test for those. So, we found trying to test for those. So, we found that, you know, tests really help us that, you know, tests really help us that, you know, tests really help us kind of move faster. Um and one other kind of move faster. Um and one other kind of move faster. Um and one other way for tests to help us move faster, way for tests to help us move faster, way for tests to help us move faster, you know, is test-driven development. you know, is test-driven development. you know, is test-driven development. So, if you've been watching our other So, if you've been watching our other So, if you've been watching our other videos, um you know that we've been kind videos, um you know that we've been kind videos, um you know that we've been kind of debugging this single trace here. Um of debugging this single trace here. Um of debugging this single trace here. Um the user is asking uh to come up with the user is asking uh to come up with the user is asking uh to come up with categories for my issues, um tell me categories for my issues, um tell me categories for my issues, um tell me what the critical issue is, and build an what the critical issue is, and build an what the critical issue is, and build an eval for it. And what we found that Alex eval for it. And what we found that Alex eval for it. And what we found that Alex is doing is just coming up with the is doing is just coming up with the is doing is just coming up with the eval, so it's not really telling the eval, so it's not really telling the eval, so it's not really telling the user, you know, what are the issues, user, you know, what are the issues, user, you know, what are the issues, what are the different categories of what are the different categories of what are the different categories of issues. And by using the Alex trace issues. And by using the Alex trace issues. And by using the Alex trace debugging skill, you know, we found that debugging skill, you know, we found that debugging skill, you know, we found that there is an instruction in our system there is an instruction in our system there is an instruction in our system prompt, prompt, prompt, I think with the header called eval I think with the header called eval I think with the header called eval template output rule. And this is what template output rule. And this is what template output rule. And this is what is causing the issue where it is is causing the issue where it is is causing the issue where it is strongly telling Alex to not respond strongly telling Alex to not respond strongly telling Alex to not respond with any text, and that is kind of with any text, and that is kind of with any text, and that is kind of causing it to not give you any causing it to not give you any causing it to not give you any information about the categorization, information about the categorization, information about the categorization, the analysis that it did, and go the analysis that it did, and go the analysis that it did, and go straight to the eval template. straight to the eval template. straight to the eval template. So, So, So, one thing we can do here, I want to fix one thing we can do here, I want to fix one thing we can do here, I want to fix this, but you know, now I'm nervous, this, but you know, now I'm nervous, this, but you know, now I'm nervous, right? Because it What if I change it right? Because it What if I change it right? Because it What if I change it and you know, something down the line and you know, something down the line and you know, something down the line breaks? How can I possibly test all breaks? How can I possibly test all breaks? How can I possibly test all these flows? these flows? these flows? And how can I, you know, test them in a And how can I, you know, test them in a And how can I, you know, test them in a way that is consistent and reliable? So, way that is consistent and reliable? So, way that is consistent and reliable? So, what I can do first with this trace is what I can do first with this trace is what I can do first with this trace is I'm going to add this to a data set, I'm going to add this to a data set, I'm going to add this to a data set, right? So, I know that this is a trace right? So, I know that this is a trace right? So, I know that this is a trace that caused us an issue in the past, and that caused us an issue in the past, and that caused us an issue in the past, and I'm going to add this to my testing data I'm going to add this to my testing data I'm going to add this to my testing data set. set. set. I believe it's called main chat trace I believe it's called main chat trace I believe it's called main chat trace chat. chat. chat. I'm going to add this to here. And I can see that this data set And I can see that this data set And I can see that this data set or this trace was just added here. Okay, you can see that I just added this Okay, you can see that I just added this Okay, you can see that I just added this trace. trace. trace. This is the one I was just reviewing. This is the one I was just reviewing. This is the one I was just reviewing. And because it doesn't work the way I And because it doesn't work the way I And because it doesn't work the way I expect it to, I can't just tell, you expect it to, I can't just tell, you expect it to, I can't just tell, you know, I can't just create a test that know, I can't just create a test that know, I can't just create a test that says respond the same way it always says respond the same way it always says respond the same way it always does. It's not responding the way that I does. It's not responding the way that I does. It's not responding the way that I want it to, so I'm going to create a want it to, so I'm going to create a want it to, so I'm going to create a different type of expectation here. I've different type of expectation here. I've different type of expectation here. I've created a metadata column here called created a metadata column here called created a metadata column here called eval expected result. And I can just say eval expected result. And I can just say eval expected result. And I can just say um um um you know, check you know, check you know, check check that the check that the check that the LLM responds with text right after the LLM responds with text right after the LLM responds with text right after the categorize and assign tools. The text categorize and assign tools. The text categorize and assign tools. The text should Oops. contain the categories contain the categories contain the categories that that that come from those tools. come from those tools. come from those tools. Right, so So, basically I'm trying to Right, so So, basically I'm trying to Right, so So, basically I'm trying to set an expectation that set an expectation that set an expectation that um um um it actually responds after these tools it actually responds after these tools it actually responds after these tools and not, you know, much later on, but and not, you know, much later on, but and not, you know, much later on, but right after these tools. And I can just right after these tools. And I can just right after these tools. And I can just create this kind of eval with free text, create this kind of eval with free text, create this kind of eval with free text, right? Because again, evals use LLMs to right? Because again, evals use LLMs to right? Because again, evals use LLMs to uh actually check the result. So, I uh actually check the result. So, I uh actually check the result. So, I don't have to, you know, come up with, don't have to, you know, come up with, don't have to, you know, come up with, "Hey, here's the exact JSON data format. "Hey, here's the exact JSON data format. "Hey, here's the exact JSON data format. It should look exactly like this because It should look exactly like this because It should look exactly like this because that also makes the test brittle. And it that also makes the test brittle. And it that also makes the test brittle. And it doesn't quite capture the essence of doesn't quite capture the essence of doesn't quite capture the essence of what we're trying to accomplish here. what we're trying to accomplish here. what we're trying to accomplish here. So, I'm going to update this. So, I'm going to update this. So, I'm going to update this. And now have this saved example. And now have this saved example. And now have this saved example. So, the real question is how do I how do So, the real question is how do I how do So, the real question is how do I how do I change this code in a way that um you I change this code in a way that um you I change this code in a way that um you know, passes this test um know, passes this test um know, passes this test um and how do I how do I actually run this and how do I how do I actually run this and how do I how do I actually run this test? So, um test? So, um test? So, um what we did was, you know, we created a what we did was, you know, we created a what we did was, you know, we created a script because Alex is, you know, pretty script because Alex is, you know, pretty script because Alex is, you know, pretty complex. We can't just run it, you know, complex. We can't just run it, you know, complex. We can't just run it, you know, uh in um uh in um uh in um you know, a playground environment. So, you know, a playground environment. So, you know, a playground environment. So, the script uh on the back end, in fact, the script uh on the back end, in fact, the script uh on the back end, in fact, looks pretty simple. looks pretty simple. looks pretty simple. Um you know, it's only a few hundred Um you know, it's only a few hundred Um you know, it's only a few hundred lines and it's using our existing code. lines and it's using our existing code. lines and it's using our existing code. And I will run the script uh you know, And I will run the script uh you know, And I will run the script uh you know, with with with and only look for the reasoning and only look for the reasoning and only look for the reasoning annotations um example, so that we're annotations um example, so that we're annotations um example, so that we're only running a single example here. So, only running a single example here. So, only running a single example here. So, we're going to run it. And it'll take a few seconds to kind of And it'll take a few seconds to kind of And it'll take a few seconds to kind of get started. Um but, you know, you can get started. Um but, you know, you can get started. Um but, you know, you can see that it found the one row that does see that it found the one row that does see that it found the one row that does have the recent annotations, um have the recent annotations, um have the recent annotations, um which is, you know, the one the one that which is, you know, the one the one that which is, you know, the one the one that we are trying to test. we are trying to test. we are trying to test. And as Alex is running in the And as Alex is running in the And as Alex is running in the background, um you know, we're background, um you know, we're background, um you know, we're collecting the responses and ultimately collecting the responses and ultimately collecting the responses and ultimately we're going to upload this to Arize as we're going to upload this to Arize as we're going to upload this to Arize as an experiment. Um and by using an experiment. Um and by using an experiment. Um and by using experiment, this allows us to run evals experiment, this allows us to run evals experiment, this allows us to run evals against it, which will ultimately tell against it, which will ultimately tell against it, which will ultimately tell us, you know, what the is the us, you know, what the is the us, you know, what the is the LLM doing what we expect it to do. LLM doing what we expect it to do. LLM doing what we expect it to do. I think the other powerful thing about I think the other powerful thing about I think the other powerful thing about the experiment too is we can track it the experiment too is we can track it the experiment too is we can track it over time. So, we're able to see over over time. So, we're able to see over over time. So, we're able to see over time as we're developing the results of time as we're developing the results of time as we're developing the results of those evals and really easily identify those evals and really easily identify those evals and really easily identify if there's a major drop. Um cuz you if there's a major drop. Um cuz you if there's a major drop. Um cuz you never really expect that performance never really expect that performance never really expect that performance will be 100%. That's a little will be 100%. That's a little will be 100%. That's a little suspicious, but we do want to make sure suspicious, but we do want to make sure suspicious, but we do want to make sure we're getting as high as possible. And we're getting as high as possible. And we're getting as high as possible. And so, having so, having so, having to is something that's really powerful. to is something that's really powerful. to is something that's really powerful. And I also want to call out the fact And I also want to call out the fact And I also want to call out the fact that, you know, our data set is created that, you know, our data set is created that, you know, our data set is created of our real production traces. Of of our real production traces. Of of our real production traces. Of course, we can come up with any course, we can come up with any course, we can come up with any synthetic data, maybe even using Alex, synthetic data, maybe even using Alex, synthetic data, maybe even using Alex, but I think it's powerful as people are but I think it's powerful as people are but I think it's powerful as people are collaborating know, I can go grab an collaborating know, I can go grab an collaborating know, I can go grab an example trace that went wrong, add it to example trace that went wrong, add it to example trace that went wrong, add it to our data set, and you know, we can our data set, and you know, we can our data set, and you know, we can continue to work all on the the same continue to work all on the the same continue to work all on the the same tests. Yeah, so, you know, we'll touch tests. Yeah, so, you know, we'll touch tests. Yeah, so, you know, we'll touch on this a little bit later, but we found on this a little bit later, but we found on this a little bit later, but we found that, you know, tests that, you know, tests that, you know, tests are, you know, nice for testing your are, you know, nice for testing your are, you know, nice for testing your application, but they're a great way to application, but they're a great way to application, but they're a great way to actually communicate amongst your team, actually communicate amongst your team, actually communicate amongst your team, right? So, when, you know, it was just right? So, when, you know, it was just right? So, when, you know, it was just Sally and I, it was pretty easy to say, Sally and I, it was pretty easy to say, Sally and I, it was pretty easy to say, "Hey, this doesn't work. Look at my "Hey, this doesn't work. Look at my "Hey, this doesn't work. Look at my computer." But, as our team has grown computer." But, as our team has grown computer." But, as our team has grown and as our agent has gotten a lot more and as our agent has gotten a lot more and as our agent has gotten a lot more complicated, it gets pretty hard when complicated, it gets pretty hard when complicated, it gets pretty hard when someone's just like, "Hey, uh this someone's just like, "Hey, uh this someone's just like, "Hey, uh this doesn't work." Well, you know, I don't doesn't work." Well, you know, I don't doesn't work." Well, you know, I don't know what steps you took to um get know what steps you took to um get know what steps you took to um get there. Did you phrase, you know, the there. Did you phrase, you know, the there. Did you phrase, you know, the prompt in a certain way?" And, you know, prompt in a certain way?" And, you know, prompt in a certain way?" And, you know, that kind of communication ultimately that kind of communication ultimately that kind of communication ultimately leads to kind this back and forth of leads to kind this back and forth of leads to kind this back and forth of hey, it works on my computer. Why isn't hey, it works on my computer. Why isn't hey, it works on my computer. Why isn't it working on your computer? So, we it working on your computer? So, we it working on your computer? So, we found that these tests, you know, we're found that these tests, you know, we're found that these tests, you know, we're getting exact traces. Here's the exact getting exact traces. Here's the exact getting exact traces. Here's the exact data that was the data that was the data that was the you know, the input that caused the you know, the input that caused the you know, the input that caused the issue for me. issue for me. issue for me. Uh it makes it so much easier to Uh it makes it so much easier to Uh it makes it so much easier to communicate. This is the issue. Here's communicate. This is the issue. Here's communicate. This is the issue. Here's my eval and what I expect to happen. And my eval and what I expect to happen. And my eval and what I expect to happen. And now we can kind of use this much more now we can kind of use this much more now we can kind of use this much more concrete language to to talk about bugs, concrete language to to talk about bugs, concrete language to to talk about bugs, talk about flows that we want to have. talk about flows that we want to have. talk about flows that we want to have. Um it it really makes, you know, this Um it it really makes, you know, this Um it it really makes, you know, this team environment a lot more um team environment a lot more um team environment a lot more um it makes this team environment a lot it makes this team environment a lot it makes this team environment a lot easier to communicate amongst. easier to communicate amongst. easier to communicate amongst. So, uh here the uh So, uh here the uh So, uh here the uh test runner has completed and I can see test runner has completed and I can see test runner has completed and I can see that there is one new data set with a that there is one new data set with a that there is one new data set with a new example. And again, you know, I can look at this And again, you know, I can look at this And again, you know, I can look at this response and kind of okay, like read response and kind of okay, like read response and kind of okay, like read through it and but you can see that this through it and but you can see that this through it and but you can see that this response is pretty verbose. It's how response is pretty verbose. It's how response is pretty verbose. It's how many lines? 300 almost 50 lines of code, many lines? 300 almost 50 lines of code, many lines? 300 almost 50 lines of code, right? And it's all in JSON, so you right? And it's all in JSON, so you right? And it's all in JSON, so you know, I could read through it and see uh know, I could read through it and see uh know, I could read through it and see uh does this do what I expect or not. does this do what I expect or not. does this do what I expect or not. But I can also run the evaluator. So, um But I can also run the evaluator. So, um But I can also run the evaluator. So, um this evaluator is incredibly simple. Um this evaluator is incredibly simple. Um this evaluator is incredibly simple. Um it just says, you know, does the output it just says, you know, does the output it just says, you know, does the output uh uh uh you know, follow the expected response, you know, follow the expected response, you know, follow the expected response, right? And remember this is the column right? And remember this is the column right? And remember this is the column that I wrote the expectation that it that I wrote the expectation that it that I wrote the expectation that it will it'll tell you uh it'll explain to will it'll tell you uh it'll explain to will it'll tell you uh it'll explain to the user the categories before creating the user the categories before creating the user the categories before creating eval. eval. eval. So, I'm going to run an eval on this So, I'm going to run an eval on this So, I'm going to run an eval on this experiment. experiment. experiment. And it'll take a second to run. Okay, and you can see here it ran and it Okay, and you can see here it ran and it Okay, and you can see here it ran and it correctly identified the response is correctly identified the response is correctly identified the response is incorrect, right? So, remember this was incorrect, right? So, remember this was incorrect, right? So, remember this was a failing example, um but you know, as a failing example, um but you know, as a failing example, um but you know, as with TDD, you always want to start with with TDD, you always want to start with with TDD, you always want to start with a failing example because you need to a failing example because you need to a failing example because you need to test that your test is correct. Um and test that your test is correct. Um and test that your test is correct. Um and it kind of it kind of it kind of explains and says, um after categorize explains and says, um after categorize explains and says, um after categorize and assign, the element LLM does not and assign, the element LLM does not and assign, the element LLM does not immediately respond with text. Instead, immediately respond with text. Instead, immediately respond with text. Instead, it continues with further tool calls. Um it continues with further tool calls. Um it continues with further tool calls. Um so, this is, you know, kind of a so, this is, you know, kind of a so, this is, you know, kind of a actually a great explanation of what the actually a great explanation of what the actually a great explanation of what the problem is, probably better than, you problem is, probably better than, you problem is, probably better than, you know, I can explain myself. Um know, I can explain myself. Um know, I can explain myself. Um and, you know, if you recall from the and, you know, if you recall from the and, you know, if you recall from the trace debugging tool, it'll say it said, trace debugging tool, it'll say it said, trace debugging tool, it'll say it said, um um um there was a uh critical rule there was a uh critical rule there was a uh critical rule and I'm going to look over here. It says and I'm going to look over here. It says and I'm going to look over here. It says there's a rule says there's a rule says there's a rule says eval template output rule. eval template output rule. eval template output rule. So, I'm going to look at my code and see So, I'm going to look at my code and see So, I'm going to look at my code and see oh, okay. Eval template output rule. oh, okay. Eval template output rule. oh, okay. Eval template output rule. This is the exact system template that This is the exact system template that This is the exact system template that we use. And it says, when a tool returns we use. And it says, when a tool returns we use. And it says, when a tool returns the eval template, do not restate or the eval template, do not restate or the eval template, do not restate or reformat it, only output a finished call reformat it, only output a finished call reformat it, only output a finished call with no text. And it says that this is with no text. And it says that this is with no text. And it says that this is the rule that, you know, is causing the the rule that, you know, is causing the the rule that, you know, is causing the problem. And oh, look, you know, uh problem. And oh, look, you know, uh problem. And oh, look, you know, uh didn't expect this to show up on a demo, didn't expect this to show up on a demo, didn't expect this to show up on a demo, but it looks like the kibble ain't is on but it looks like the kibble ain't is on but it looks like the kibble ain't is on me. me. me. So, I'm just going to delete this uh So, I'm just going to delete this uh So, I'm just going to delete this uh rule rule rule and just save it. and just save it. and just save it. And now, what I'm going to do is I'm And now, what I'm going to do is I'm And now, what I'm going to do is I'm going to rerun the exact same test. going to rerun the exact same test. going to rerun the exact same test. And hopefully, you know, this is the And hopefully, you know, this is the And hopefully, you know, this is the rule that actually, you know, is causing rule that actually, you know, is causing rule that actually, you know, is causing the issue and this is the only thing the issue and this is the only thing the issue and this is the only thing that, you know, is needed to fix it. Um that, you know, is needed to fix it. Um that, you know, is needed to fix it. Um so, I'm going to let it run. so, I'm going to let it run. so, I'm going to let it run. Okay, great. So, Okay, great. So, Okay, great. So, the run just completed. Um it says, you the run just completed. Um it says, you the run just completed. Um it says, you know, log the results to a new know, log the results to a new know, log the results to a new experiment. So, now let's look at this experiment. So, now let's look at this experiment. So, now let's look at this new experiment. Here, I'm going to go new experiment. Here, I'm going to go new experiment. Here, I'm going to go back. back. back. And uh you can see this is the newest And uh you can see this is the newest And uh you can see this is the newest experiment. experiment. experiment. And again, I can look at this. I mean, And again, I can look at this. I mean, And again, I can look at this. I mean, you know, a lot of text. So, what I'm you know, a lot of text. So, what I'm you know, a lot of text. So, what I'm just going to do is run the eval and let just going to do is run the eval and let just going to do is run the eval and let the LLM do the hard work of reading the LLM do the hard work of reading the LLM do the hard work of reading through all of that response for me. through all of that response for me. through all of that response for me. Okay, so, uh it looks like it's still Okay, so, uh it looks like it's still Okay, so, uh it looks like it's still incorrect. Um this has the LM Oops. The incorrect. Um this has the LM Oops. The incorrect. Um this has the LM Oops. The LM output does not respond with the text LM output does not respond with the text LM output does not respond with the text immediately. immediately. immediately. Um, but you know, you can imagine this Um, but you know, you can imagine this Um, but you know, you can imagine this isn't going to be as simple as deleting isn't going to be as simple as deleting isn't going to be as simple as deleting a couple lines of code or of the uh a couple lines of code or of the uh a couple lines of code or of the uh prompt. Um, so this is now a way for me prompt. Um, so this is now a way for me prompt. Um, so this is now a way for me to continue to iterate and try to figure to continue to iterate and try to figure to continue to iterate and try to figure out, you know, what exactly uh do I need out, you know, what exactly uh do I need out, you know, what exactly uh do I need to change in order to get this to change in order to get this to change in order to get this uh you know, eval to pass. And you know, uh you know, eval to pass. And you know, uh you know, eval to pass. And you know, as once it passes, now this is part of as once it passes, now this is part of as once it passes, now this is part of our data set that we use to test all our data set that we use to test all our data set that we use to test all future changes to the main chat. So, you future changes to the main chat. So, you future changes to the main chat. So, you know, our goal is to collect, you know, know, our goal is to collect, you know, know, our goal is to collect, you know, maybe dozens of examples if not more of maybe dozens of examples if not more of maybe dozens of examples if not more of ways that, you know, we want the LM to ways that, you know, we want the LM to ways that, you know, we want the LM to behave and function. And you know, behave and function. And you know, behave and function. And you know, hopefully as we add new more hopefully as we add new more hopefully as we add new more functionality, as the system gets more functionality, as the system gets more functionality, as the system gets more complex, you know, we keep those tests complex, you know, we keep those tests complex, you know, we keep those tests around and make sure that, you know, our around and make sure that, you know, our around and make sure that, you know, our existing core functionality is still existing core functionality is still existing core functionality is still working as expected. working as expected. working as expected. &gt;&gt; Yeah, and this is something that we can &gt;&gt; Yeah, and this is something that we can &gt;&gt; Yeah, and this is something that we can integrate directly into get, have these integrate directly into get, have these integrate directly into get, have these running automatically so that at any running automatically so that at any running automatically so that at any time that anybody, you know, is making a time that anybody, you know, is making a time that anybody, you know, is making a change, these are automatically running change, these are automatically running change, these are automatically running and Jack and I can feel confident that and Jack and I can feel confident that and Jack and I can feel confident that things are going to stay of high things are going to stay of high things are going to stay of high quality. Uh, especially [music] quality. Uh, especially [music] quality. Uh, especially [music] important as your teams are growing. A important as your teams are growing. A important as your teams are growing. A lot of people are, you know, developing lot of people are, you know, developing lot of people are, you know, developing on top of each other. And we always want on top of each other. And we always want on top of each other. And we always want to make sure that we're never pushing to make sure that we're never pushing to make sure that we're never pushing anything that's [music] going to impact anything that's [music] going to impact anything that's [music] going to impact the user's experience.
