Nine months ago, I built an AI agent Nine months ago, I built an AI agent Nine months ago, I built an AI agent that can query a million rows of data. that can query a million rows of data. that can query a million rows of data. It was powerful, but that was just the It was powerful, but that was just the It was powerful, but that was just the beginning. Since then, AI models have beginning. Since then, AI models have beginning. Since then, AI models have gotten significantly better at reasoning gotten significantly better at reasoning gotten significantly better at reasoning and generating SQL queries. Coupling and generating SQL queries. Coupling and generating SQL queries. Coupling that with the fact that the native SQL that with the fact that the native SQL that with the fact that the native SQL AI agent node is not available in NA10 AI agent node is not available in NA10 AI agent node is not available in NA10 anymore. I decided to rebuild the entire anymore. I decided to rebuild the entire anymore. I decided to rebuild the entire system and taking it to a whole new system and taking it to a whole new system and taking it to a whole new level. We're talking automatic level. We're talking automatic level. We're talking automatic visualizations that generate charts from visualizations that generate charts from visualizations that generate charts from your data. a multi- aent architecture your data. a multi- aent architecture your data. a multi- aent architecture that's way more accurate, proper query that's way more accurate, proper query that's way more accurate, proper query validation so the AI doesn't validation so the AI doesn't validation so the AI doesn't accidentally destroy your data and a accidentally destroy your data and a accidentally destroy your data and a front end that actually looks front end that actually looks front end that actually looks professional. By the end of the video, professional. By the end of the video, professional. By the end of the video, you'll be able to plug this into your you'll be able to plug this into your you'll be able to plug this into your very own database, whether it's a CRM, very own database, whether it's a CRM, very own database, whether it's a CRM, sales, or operations data, and start sales, or operations data, and start sales, or operations data, and start asking it questions in plain English. asking it questions in plain English. asking it questions in plain English. So, strap yourselves in and let's get So, strap yourselves in and let's get So, strap yourselves in and let's get into it. All right, so if you haven't into it. All right, so if you haven't into it. All right, so if you haven't watched the previous video, I basically watched the previous video, I basically watched the previous video, I basically built an AI agent that can query million built an AI agent that can query million built an AI agent that can query million rows of data. It was a data set that I rows of data. It was a data set that I rows of data. It was a data set that I found in BigQuery that we were able to found in BigQuery that we were able to found in BigQuery that we were able to talk with and ask questions and the talk with and ask questions and the talk with and ask questions and the agent worked really great, but it was agent worked really great, but it was agent worked really great, but it was using the SQL agent node. But then a few using the SQL agent node. But then a few using the SQL agent node. But then a few months ago, N10 have removed the SQL months ago, N10 have removed the SQL months ago, N10 have removed the SQL agent node entirely. And I get it, agent node entirely. And I get it, agent node entirely. And I get it, they're probably working on rebuilding they're probably working on rebuilding they're probably working on rebuilding it and making it better. But in the it and making it better. But in the it and making it better. But in the meantime, we needed a solution. And this meantime, we needed a solution. And this meantime, we needed a solution. And this was a great chance for us to rebuild the was a great chance for us to rebuild the was a great chance for us to rebuild the system, look at the architecture, and system, look at the architecture, and system, look at the architecture, and using the latest AI models that have using the latest AI models that have using the latest AI models that have reasoning, we were able to rebuild the reasoning, we were able to rebuild the reasoning, we were able to rebuild the system and make it a lot better. And system and make it a lot better. And system and make it a lot better. And also I wanted to improve the front-end also I wanted to improve the front-end also I wanted to improve the front-end design and adding charts and design and adding charts and design and adding charts and visualizations to the UI. And this time visualizations to the UI. And this time visualizations to the UI. And this time I'm using a different data set. So this I'm using a different data set. So this I'm using a different data set. So this is a e-commerce a Brazilian e-commerce is a e-commerce a Brazilian e-commerce is a e-commerce a Brazilian e-commerce public data set by Olist. And it public data set by Olist. And it public data set by Olist. And it consists of 100,000 orders and this is consists of 100,000 orders and this is consists of 100,000 orders and this is not just a simple you know one table. not just a simple you know one table. not just a simple you know one table. It's multi- tables all joined together. It's multi- tables all joined together. It's multi- tables all joined together. So I'm pretty sure there's like nine So I'm pretty sure there's like nine So I'm pretty sure there's like nine different tables and they're all different tables and they're all different tables and they're all interlin. So we have to do a lot of interlin. So we have to do a lot of interlin. So we have to do a lot of complex queries where we might need to complex queries where we might need to complex queries where we might need to combine data from different tables to combine data from different tables to combine data from different tables to get our results. So if the AI agent can get our results. So if the AI agent can get our results. So if the AI agent can handle this kind of data setup, I'm handle this kind of data setup, I'm handle this kind of data setup, I'm pretty sure it can handle any kind of pretty sure it can handle any kind of pretty sure it can handle any kind of database for your business. So let's get database for your business. So let's get database for your business. So let's get started and look at what I did. So what started and look at what I did. So what started and look at what I did. So what I did was I downloaded the data set and I did was I downloaded the data set and I did was I downloaded the data set and uploaded it into Superbase. So Superbase uploaded it into Superbase. So Superbase uploaded it into Superbase. So Superbase is also a Postgress SQL database. So we is also a Postgress SQL database. So we is also a Postgress SQL database. So we were able to upload this and it's also were able to upload this and it's also were able to upload this and it's also free. You're able to self-host free. You're able to self-host free. You're able to self-host Superbase. So it's very good easy Superbase. So it's very good easy Superbase. So it's very good easy solution to get something up and running solution to get something up and running solution to get something up and running very quickly. So this time we have it very quickly. So this time we have it very quickly. So this time we have it all inside of here. You can see all the all inside of here. You can see all the all inside of here. You can see all the different tables. I also included the different tables. I also included the different tables. I also included the chat histories for the AI agent inside chat histories for the AI agent inside chat histories for the AI agent inside of here as well just to keep everything of here as well just to keep everything of here as well just to keep everything in one place. And this basically has all in one place. And this basically has all in one place. And this basically has all the different session IDs for each the different session IDs for each the different session IDs for each session ID. You have all the messages session ID. You have all the messages session ID. You have all the messages inside of there. So the agent knows the inside of there. So the agent knows the inside of there. So the agent knows the previous conversation. So you can go previous conversation. So you can go previous conversation. So you can go back and forth even after you ask it a back and forth even after you ask it a back and forth even after you ask it a query. It's able to ask it more query. It's able to ask it more query. It's able to ask it more questions about the results and dig a questions about the results and dig a questions about the results and dig a bit deeper. So, this is why I've kind of bit deeper. So, this is why I've kind of bit deeper. So, this is why I've kind of put it all into one place here. And here put it all into one place here. And here put it all into one place here. And here we have the NA10 setup for the data we have the NA10 setup for the data we have the NA10 setup for the data analyst agent. Basically, it looks very analyst agent. Basically, it looks very analyst agent. Basically, it looks very similar as before. Um, we're just now similar as before. Um, we're just now similar as before. Um, we're just now using a structured output parser. And using a structured output parser. And using a structured output parser. And for the chat history, as I showed you, for the chat history, as I showed you, for the chat history, as I showed you, we're using superbase chat memory. And we're using superbase chat memory. And we're using superbase chat memory. And we still have our database query, which we still have our database query, which we still have our database query, which is a tool to actually execute SQL query. is a tool to actually execute SQL query. is a tool to actually execute SQL query. And this is just a simple subworkflow, And this is just a simple subworkflow, And this is just a simple subworkflow, which I'll go over in just a second. But which I'll go over in just a second. But which I'll go over in just a second. But essentially we have this AI agent node essentially we have this AI agent node essentially we have this AI agent node here which we had to prompt it. So this here which we had to prompt it. So this here which we had to prompt it. So this is the vital key point. We need to give is the vital key point. We need to give is the vital key point. We need to give the agent context, right? Context the agent context, right? Context the agent context, right? Context engineering. This is what it's all engineering. This is what it's all engineering. This is what it's all about. We need to give as much details about. We need to give as much details about. We need to give as much details as possible about the data set so that as possible about the data set so that as possible about the data set so that it's not hallucinating and making up it's not hallucinating and making up it's not hallucinating and making up random stuff. So inside of here you can random stuff. So inside of here you can random stuff. So inside of here you can see all of the overview of the data set. see all of the overview of the data set. see all of the overview of the data set. How many orders, customers, the How many orders, customers, the How many orders, customers, the different tables, right? And the columns different tables, right? And the columns different tables, right? And the columns for each of those tables with the data for each of those tables with the data for each of those tables with the data type and a very short description of type and a very short description of type and a very short description of each of the columns. and we just go down each of the columns. and we just go down each of the columns. and we just go down and literally just explain everything and literally just explain everything and literally just explain everything about the data set so the agent doesn't about the data set so the agent doesn't about the data set so the agent doesn't hallucinate. We also have the hallucinate. We also have the hallucinate. We also have the relationships between all of the tables relationships between all of the tables relationships between all of the tables and how they interlink and you know some and how they interlink and you know some and how they interlink and you know some critical business rules to follow. This critical business rules to follow. This critical business rules to follow. This is where you know we can actually is where you know we can actually is where you know we can actually generate this whole list of things that generate this whole list of things that generate this whole list of things that you're able to see here using a script. you're able to see here using a script. you're able to see here using a script. So I have a Python script that basically So I have a Python script that basically So I have a Python script that basically run inside of here. So this is a extract run inside of here. So this is a extract run inside of here. So this is a extract schema Python script. So all it does is schema Python script. So all it does is schema Python script. So all it does is it grabs all of the tables. It looks at it grabs all of the tables. It looks at it grabs all of the tables. It looks at all of the different columns, primary all of the different columns, primary all of the different columns, primary keys, you know, and we build like a JSON keys, you know, and we build like a JSON keys, you know, and we build like a JSON structure of all of the different, you structure of all of the different, you structure of all of the different, you know, examples, the column types, and know, examples, the column types, and know, examples, the column types, and then we build the schema into like a then we build the schema into like a then we build the schema into like a JSON structure that we put into the JSON structure that we put into the JSON structure that we put into the prompt. So, this is all generated via prompt. So, this is all generated via prompt. So, this is all generated via that script. And we give it the that script. And we give it the that script. And we give it the available tools. So, we have the one available tools. So, we have the one available tools. So, we have the one tool, the query database tool, which is tool, the query database tool, which is tool, the query database tool, which is the subworkflow, and then we tell it the subworkflow, and then we tell it the subworkflow, and then we tell it when to use it, right? When not to use when to use it, right? When not to use when to use it, right? When not to use it and we basically give it the output it and we basically give it the output it and we basically give it the output structure. So, this is also very structure. So, this is also very structure. So, this is also very important, the response format, right? important, the response format, right? important, the response format, right? So this response format is what enable So this response format is what enable So this response format is what enable us to have the visualizations in the us to have the visualizations in the us to have the visualizations in the front end. So instead of just the front end. So instead of just the front end. So instead of just the results come back as you know text we results come back as you know text we results come back as you know text we have very structured data structure here have very structured data structure here have very structured data structure here where we have the response which is just where we have the response which is just where we have the response which is just natural language and then if the natural language and then if the natural language and then if the response has data we able to you know response has data we able to you know response has data we able to you know write the headers and the rows into a write the headers and the rows into a write the headers and the rows into a list right so that the front end is able list right so that the front end is able list right so that the front end is able to take that and build the visual that to take that and build the visual that to take that and build the visual that we need. So we have different types of we need. So we have different types of we need. So we have different types of visuals. We've got bar charts, line visuals. We've got bar charts, line visuals. We've got bar charts, line charts and pie charts. We include the charts and pie charts. We include the charts and pie charts. We include the labels for the x-axis, y axis and the labels for the x-axis, y axis and the labels for the x-axis, y axis and the values for each of them. We also, you values for each of them. We also, you values for each of them. We also, you know, describe all the different fields, know, describe all the different fields, know, describe all the different fields, you know, the the response and, you you know, the the response and, you you know, the the response and, you know, give it a lot of information about know, give it a lot of information about know, give it a lot of information about how to structure that data so that it how to structure that data so that it how to structure that data so that it doesn't hallucinate. And then at the doesn't hallucinate. And then at the doesn't hallucinate. And then at the end, we have some behavioral guidelines end, we have some behavioral guidelines end, we have some behavioral guidelines to basically keep the agent in check. So to basically keep the agent in check. So to basically keep the agent in check. So this is for the main agent. And the this is for the main agent. And the this is for the main agent. And the reason we have it split this way is reason we have it split this way is reason we have it split this way is because every query from the user, it's because every query from the user, it's because every query from the user, it's not necessarily going to be a SQL not necessarily going to be a SQL not necessarily going to be a SQL generation, right? We want to be able to generation, right? We want to be able to generation, right? We want to be able to talk with the agent. So this makes it a talk with the agent. So this makes it a talk with the agent. So this makes it a lot more conversational. We can, you lot more conversational. We can, you lot more conversational. We can, you know, talk about stuff. After it answers know, talk about stuff. After it answers know, talk about stuff. After it answers a query, we're able to dig a bit deeper, a query, we're able to dig a bit deeper, a query, we're able to dig a bit deeper, ask it a bit more questions about the ask it a bit more questions about the ask it a bit more questions about the results. And, you know, it should be results. And, you know, it should be results. And, you know, it should be conversational. And this is why we split conversational. And this is why we split conversational. And this is why we split it into two functions here. So the first it into two functions here. So the first it into two functions here. So the first agent, the main agent just takes the agent, the main agent just takes the agent, the main agent just takes the query from the user. If we need to query from the user. If we need to query from the user. If we need to generate a result, we call the sub generate a result, we call the sub generate a result, we call the sub workflow. If we don't, we just respond workflow. If we don't, we just respond workflow. If we don't, we just respond directly. And when it calls the directly. And when it calls the directly. And when it calls the subquery, it also enhances. So we still subquery, it also enhances. So we still subquery, it also enhances. So we still give it the data structures because we give it the data structures because we give it the data structures because we want to enhance the query from the user. want to enhance the query from the user. want to enhance the query from the user. So sometimes the query can be very So sometimes the query can be very So sometimes the query can be very vague, right? Like a short oneline vague, right? Like a short oneline vague, right? Like a short oneline sentence. We want to be able to take sentence. We want to be able to take sentence. We want to be able to take that and give the database query SQL that and give the database query SQL that and give the database query SQL generator. This is basically what it generator. This is basically what it generator. This is basically what it looks like. Very similar to what we had looks like. Very similar to what we had looks like. Very similar to what we had before, just a little bit different on before, just a little bit different on before, just a little bit different on the middle section here because now the middle section here because now the middle section here because now we're using Superbase. We added a we're using Superbase. We added a we're using Superbase. We added a validation query validation improved validation query validation improved validation query validation improved that a lot. But essentially this is what that a lot. But essentially this is what that a lot. But essentially this is what actually generates the query. So so very actually generates the query. So so very actually generates the query. So so very similar prompt again. We're giving it similar prompt again. We're giving it similar prompt again. We're giving it the data schema, the tables, and all of the data schema, the tables, and all of the data schema, the tables, and all of the different information. However, the the different information. However, the the different information. However, the only difference is we're asking it to only difference is we're asking it to only difference is we're asking it to only generate the SQL query and nothing only generate the SQL query and nothing only generate the SQL query and nothing else. So, this one here just generates a else. So, this one here just generates a else. So, this one here just generates a pure SQL query. Then we do query pure SQL query. Then we do query pure SQL query. Then we do query validation. So, so this is a very validation. So, so this is a very validation. So, so this is a very essential security step to ensure that essential security step to ensure that essential security step to ensure that the agent never messes up or changes or the agent never messes up or changes or the agent never messes up or changes or deletes anything inside of the database. deletes anything inside of the database. deletes anything inside of the database. So even if we tell the agent not to, we So even if we tell the agent not to, we So even if we tell the agent not to, we want to have that extra layer of want to have that extra layer of want to have that extra layer of security just to basically look at the security just to basically look at the security just to basically look at the the generated SQL query and make sure the generated SQL query and make sure the generated SQL query and make sure you know we remove everything that could you know we remove everything that could you know we remove everything that could be destructive to the database. So we do be destructive to the database. So we do be destructive to the database. So we do the validation and then it's just a the validation and then it's just a the validation and then it's just a simple if statement. If it's valid, we simple if statement. If it's valid, we simple if statement. If it's valid, we execute the query. If it's not valid in execute the query. If it's not valid in execute the query. If it's not valid in either case, we format the response and either case, we format the response and either case, we format the response and add it to the log. So this is just good add it to the log. So this is just good add it to the log. So this is just good to look at the kind of queries that are to look at the kind of queries that are to look at the kind of queries that are coming from the agent. So this is how coming from the agent. So this is how coming from the agent. So this is how the agent is enhancing those queries. So the agent is enhancing those queries. So the agent is enhancing those queries. So if you just said top 10 customer cities, if you just said top 10 customer cities, if you just said top 10 customer cities, the role of the first agent is basically the role of the first agent is basically the role of the first agent is basically giving it the different column names, giving it the different column names, giving it the different column names, different stuff that it needs to do. If different stuff that it needs to do. If different stuff that it needs to do. If it needs to join, you know, different uh it needs to join, you know, different uh it needs to join, you know, different uh tables together, it gives it that extra tables together, it gives it that extra tables together, it gives it that extra enhanced query so that the SQL query enhanced query so that the SQL query enhanced query so that the SQL query generated is a lot more accurate and it generated is a lot more accurate and it generated is a lot more accurate and it gets it right in the first go. So this gets it right in the first go. So this gets it right in the first go. So this is just like the logs you can see here, is just like the logs you can see here, is just like the logs you can see here, the different logs of me testing this the different logs of me testing this the different logs of me testing this out, you know, and it just helps us to out, you know, and it just helps us to out, you know, and it just helps us to see what's going on beneath the UI see what's going on beneath the UI see what's going on beneath the UI basically, right? And then we just basically, right? And then we just basically, right? And then we just return the results back to the main return the results back to the main return the results back to the main agent. I also decided to go with GPT 5.1 agent. I also decided to go with GPT 5.1 agent. I also decided to go with GPT 5.1 for the model with medium reasoning for the model with medium reasoning for the model with medium reasoning because you can always obviously push it because you can always obviously push it because you can always obviously push it to high which will probably increase the to high which will probably increase the to high which will probably increase the accuracy. However, it just takes a lot accuracy. However, it just takes a lot accuracy. However, it just takes a lot more time and increases the tokens. So more time and increases the tokens. So more time and increases the tokens. So for the purpose of this, I just kept it for the purpose of this, I just kept it for the purpose of this, I just kept it at medium and it's been working great so at medium and it's been working great so at medium and it's been working great so far. And for the structured output far. And for the structured output far. And for the structured output passer, we can just use the five mini passer, we can just use the five mini passer, we can just use the five mini for that just to ensure we have that for that just to ensure we have that for that just to ensure we have that JSON output format correct. And then JSON output format correct. And then JSON output format correct. And then finally we just have the web hooks and finally we just have the web hooks and finally we just have the web hooks and the respond to web hooks. So the web the respond to web hooks. So the web the respond to web hooks. So the web hook gets triggered from the front end hook gets triggered from the front end hook gets triggered from the front end and then we respond with the result back and then we respond with the result back and then we respond with the result back to the front end. So let's get into the to the front end. So let's get into the to the front end. So let's get into the front end now. So I have this front end now. So I have this front end now. So I have this beautifully designed very simple chat beautifully designed very simple chat beautifully designed very simple chat interface which took a very long time to interface which took a very long time to interface which took a very long time to build. I'm just joking. It was actually build. I'm just joking. It was actually build. I'm just joking. It was actually very easy. You already know that we have very easy. You already know that we have very easy. You already know that we have our vibe code prompt writer which you our vibe code prompt writer which you our vibe code prompt writer which you know we give it very short instructions know we give it very short instructions know we give it very short instructions what you want and it will go ahead and what you want and it will go ahead and what you want and it will go ahead and build out this very detailed prompt that build out this very detailed prompt that build out this very detailed prompt that we then take and put into Gemini. So we then take and put into Gemini. So we then take and put into Gemini. So this is in the format of the next this is in the format of the next this is in the format of the next framework. So it has the navigations framework. So it has the navigations framework. So it has the navigations right? So this is the user flow what we right? So this is the user flow what we right? So this is the user flow what we need to do. It has all the information need to do. It has all the information need to do. It has all the information to be able to replicate exactly what the to be able to replicate exactly what the to be able to replicate exactly what the user should be able to do in the app. user should be able to do in the app. user should be able to do in the app. And then we have the experience which And then we have the experience which And then we have the experience which covers you know the UI the UX how it covers you know the UI the UX how it covers you know the UI the UX how it should feel like you know the colors the should feel like you know the colors the should feel like you know the colors the fonts and sizes everything to do with fonts and sizes everything to do with fonts and sizes everything to do with the look of the application. Then we the look of the application. Then we the look of the application. Then we have the execution which basically is have the execution which basically is have the execution which basically is the actual logic you know what do we the actual logic you know what do we the actual logic you know what do we need to do uh what what's the backend need to do uh what what's the backend need to do uh what what's the backend functionality you see here we have the functionality you see here we have the functionality you see here we have the N10 web hook that we need to connect N10 web hook that we need to connect N10 web hook that we need to connect with what's the data format that we need with what's the data format that we need with what's the data format that we need to send to that web hook and what does to send to that web hook and what does to send to that web hook and what does it return in the response right and then it return in the response right and then it return in the response right and then we have threshold t this is basically we have threshold t this is basically we have threshold t this is basically all the constraints the limits what we all the constraints the limits what we all the constraints the limits what we don't want to include in the app and don't want to include in the app and don't want to include in the app and everything that we don't want to see everything that we don't want to see everything that we don't want to see within our application so I took this within our application so I took this within our application so I took this prompt and I plugged it right into prompt and I plugged it right into prompt and I plugged it right into Gemini so as you can see here this is Gemini so as you can see here this is Gemini so as you can see here this is the prompt and it built this beautiful the prompt and it built this beautiful the prompt and it built this beautiful chat interface with history sessions and chat interface with history sessions and chat interface with history sessions and it's given us some questions that we can it's given us some questions that we can it's given us some questions that we can get started with. So if you want to get get started with. So if you want to get get started with. So if you want to get your hands on anything you've seen so your hands on anything you've seen so your hands on anything you've seen so far, right, you have the NA10 workflow, far, right, you have the NA10 workflow, far, right, you have the NA10 workflow, the sub workflow, the custom GBT, I have the sub workflow, the custom GBT, I have the sub workflow, the custom GBT, I have actually changed my school community to actually changed my school community to actually changed my school community to be free now. So all you need to do is be free now. So all you need to do is be free now. So all you need to do is just jump in there, you'll see the free just jump in there, you'll see the free just jump in there, you'll see the free resources module. You go in there and resources module. You go in there and resources module. You go in there and you'll find all the different resources you'll find all the different resources you'll find all the different resources and free stuff that I share in my and free stuff that I share in my and free stuff that I share in my YouTube videos. So make sure you go and YouTube videos. So make sure you go and YouTube videos. So make sure you go and hit that link in the description down hit that link in the description down hit that link in the description down below. So going back to our front end, below. So going back to our front end, below. So going back to our front end, let's see a quick demo of the agent. So let's see a quick demo of the agent. So let's see a quick demo of the agent. So I'm just going to start by saying hi and I'm just going to start by saying hi and I'm just going to start by saying hi and see what the agent responds with. Right. see what the agent responds with. Right. see what the agent responds with. Right. So I want to ask about the show me So I want to ask about the show me So I want to ask about the show me monthly revenue for 2016 actually the monthly revenue for 2016 actually the monthly revenue for 2016 actually the first year. So I I believe this data set first year. So I I believe this data set first year. So I I believe this data set goes from 2016 to 2018. So I want to see goes from 2016 to 2018. So I want to see goes from 2016 to 2018. So I want to see that first year how it looks like and that first year how it looks like and that first year how it looks like and then we're going to be able to generate then we're going to be able to generate then we're going to be able to generate different kind of graphs as well as it different kind of graphs as well as it different kind of graphs as well as it does this. If we go to executions now does this. If we go to executions now does this. If we go to executions now see a lot of green here. It's currently see a lot of green here. It's currently see a lot of green here. It's currently running. It obviously does take a little running. It obviously does take a little running. It obviously does take a little bit longer, but I'm happy to sacrifice bit longer, but I'm happy to sacrifice bit longer, but I'm happy to sacrifice an extra 30 seconds for something that's an extra 30 seconds for something that's an extra 30 seconds for something that's going to be accurate and it's actually going to be accurate and it's actually going to be accurate and it's actually going to give us, you know, good going to give us, you know, good going to give us, you know, good results. Um, we can always go for a results. Um, we can always go for a results. Um, we can always go for a faster model, but I don't believe in faster model, but I don't believe in faster model, but I don't believe in this scenario and this use case that's this scenario and this use case that's this scenario and this use case that's important. I believe we should important. I believe we should important. I believe we should prioritize accuracy over the delay and prioritize accuracy over the delay and prioritize accuracy over the delay and latency. So, the first time it ran, it latency. So, the first time it ran, it latency. So, the first time it ran, it got an error for the structured output, got an error for the structured output, got an error for the structured output, probably because it's only the mini. And probably because it's only the mini. And probably because it's only the mini. And then the second time, I believe it then the second time, I believe it then the second time, I believe it works. So, let's go to the front end. works. So, let's go to the front end. works. So, let's go to the front end. Oh, would you look at that? Beautifully Oh, would you look at that? Beautifully Oh, would you look at that? Beautifully designed, beautiful animation of the designed, beautiful animation of the designed, beautiful animation of the chart we have here. So, in 2016, we have chart we have here. So, in 2016, we have chart we have here. So, in 2016, we have this uh data set was delivered. So, it's this uh data set was delivered. So, it's this uh data set was delivered. So, it's saying that we only have from August to saying that we only have from August to saying that we only have from August to around November, very small totals. All around November, very small totals. All around November, very small totals. All right, that's cool. Let me start a new right, that's cool. Let me start a new right, that's cool. Let me start a new session and show me the payment method session and show me the payment method session and show me the payment method distribution. So, this is going to be distribution. So, this is going to be distribution. So, this is going to be like the different payment methods that like the different payment methods that like the different payment methods that were used for the different kind of were used for the different kind of were used for the different kind of orders. All right. Would you look at orders. All right. Would you look at orders. All right. Would you look at that beautiful pie chart we have in here that beautiful pie chart we have in here that beautiful pie chart we have in here of the different kind of payment methods of the different kind of payment methods of the different kind of payment methods that they used? Bletto, which is that they used? Bletto, which is that they used? Bletto, which is probably a Brazilian payment processor. probably a Brazilian payment processor. probably a Brazilian payment processor. And we've got credit cards, debit cards, And we've got credit cards, debit cards, And we've got credit cards, debit cards, not defined. All right. So, I'm going to not defined. All right. So, I'm going to not defined. All right. So, I'm going to do a query that's a bit more complex do a query that's a bit more complex do a query that's a bit more complex now. What's the average delivery time by now. What's the average delivery time by now. What's the average delivery time by state? So, this should give us, I state? So, this should give us, I state? So, this should give us, I believe, a pie chart of the different believe, a pie chart of the different believe, a pie chart of the different states and you know, the average states and you know, the average states and you know, the average delivery time. All right. So, it just delivery time. All right. So, it just delivery time. All right. So, it just returned the results. Looks amazing. So returned the results. Looks amazing. So returned the results. Looks amazing. So we can see all of the the different we can see all of the the different we can see all of the the different states here. S Paulo um being the states here. S Paulo um being the states here. S Paulo um being the lowest, then AL being the highest. So lowest, then AL being the highest. So lowest, then AL being the highest. So the really cool part as well is you're the really cool part as well is you're the really cool part as well is you're able to look at the data source. You're able to look at the data source. You're able to look at the data source. You're able to actually see the results that able to actually see the results that able to actually see the results that came back from the database and you know came back from the database and you know came back from the database and you know just to double check and make sure you just to double check and make sure you just to double check and make sure you know it's it's going to be accurate. All know it's it's going to be accurate. All know it's it's going to be accurate. All right, so let's start new session and do right, so let's start new session and do right, so let's start new session and do one more. Uh this is the top sellers by one more. Uh this is the top sellers by one more. Uh this is the top sellers by location and revenue. And this one's location and revenue. And this one's location and revenue. And this one's going to be another complex query going to be another complex query going to be another complex query because it needs to join multiple because it needs to join multiple because it needs to join multiple tables, aggregate the results to give us tables, aggregate the results to give us tables, aggregate the results to give us the final output. So let's see what it the final output. So let's see what it the final output. So let's see what it does. Cool. So we came back with the top does. Cool. So we came back with the top does. Cool. So we came back with the top 10 sellers by total revenue. So it's 10 sellers by total revenue. So it's 10 sellers by total revenue. So it's returned the products in the database returned the products in the database returned the products in the database are in ID. So you don't have the product are in ID. So you don't have the product are in ID. So you don't have the product name, we have the product ID and that's name, we have the product ID and that's name, we have the product ID and that's why we have bunch of numbers here at the why we have bunch of numbers here at the why we have bunch of numbers here at the bottom all overlapping. But it did bottom all overlapping. But it did bottom all overlapping. But it did actually return, you know, correct data. actually return, you know, correct data. actually return, you know, correct data. So I want to drill a bit further now. I So I want to drill a bit further now. I So I want to drill a bit further now. I want to ask it something bit more deeper want to ask it something bit more deeper want to ask it something bit more deeper and let's see what it does. So here I'm and let's see what it does. So here I'm and let's see what it does. So here I'm asking could you investigate why certain asking could you investigate why certain asking could you investigate why certain locations have higher performing sellers locations have higher performing sellers locations have higher performing sellers and I just basically kind of prompting and I just basically kind of prompting and I just basically kind of prompting it to say like is it to do with the it to say like is it to do with the it to say like is it to do with the delivery times and I'm going to go ahead delivery times and I'm going to go ahead delivery times and I'm going to go ahead and send this. I haven't tested this and send this. I haven't tested this and send this. I haven't tested this before. So let's see if it's actually before. So let's see if it's actually before. So let's see if it's actually going to be able to answer this. So we going to be able to answer this. So we going to be able to answer this. So we can see that it's running for a minute. can see that it's running for a minute. can see that it's running for a minute. This is a big query. It might be This is a big query. It might be This is a big query. It might be actually calling the sub workflow actually calling the sub workflow actually calling the sub workflow multiple times just to answer this. multiple times just to answer this. multiple times just to answer this. Okay. So we have an error timed out. So Okay. So we have an error timed out. So Okay. So we have an error timed out. So this is why it failed because there was this is why it failed because there was this is why it failed because there was a timeout in the response from you know a timeout in the response from you know a timeout in the response from you know the front end and the back end and this the front end and the back end and this the front end and the back end and this is why but if we can see the the back is why but if we can see the the back is why but if we can see the the back end is still running. I believe this is end is still running. I believe this is end is still running. I believe this is just the the only fix that we need to just the the only fix that we need to just the the only fix that we need to do. So let's save that. Go back preview. do. So let's save that. Go back preview. do. So let's save that. Go back preview. It's going to refresh everything and I'm It's going to refresh everything and I'm It's going to refresh everything and I'm going to ask it again. So this is why it going to ask it again. So this is why it going to ask it again. So this is why it helps to understand how apps work and helps to understand how apps work and helps to understand how apps work and you know what could be causing. So, from you know what could be causing. So, from you know what could be causing. So, from doing this so many times, if there's a doing this so many times, if there's a doing this so many times, if there's a timeout error, there must be something timeout error, there must be something timeout error, there must be something from communication between the back end, from communication between the back end, from communication between the back end, front end. Um, and then you just look front end. Um, and then you just look front end. Um, and then you just look inside the code, you'll be able to find inside the code, you'll be able to find inside the code, you'll be able to find maybe [clears throat] a variable inside maybe [clears throat] a variable inside maybe [clears throat] a variable inside of there that's, you know, limiting that of there that's, you know, limiting that of there that's, you know, limiting that uh timeout period. So, we have the uh timeout period. So, we have the uh timeout period. So, we have the response for the first question. And response for the first question. And response for the first question. And then I'm going to go ahead and ask it then I'm going to go ahead and ask it then I'm going to go ahead and ask it same question as I did before. Again, same question as I did before. Again, same question as I did before. Again, just going to go ahead send this same just going to go ahead send this same just going to go ahead send this same query again. It might still fail. I query again. It might still fail. I query again. It might still fail. I might need to increase the timeout even might need to increase the timeout even might need to increase the timeout even more, but let's just wait and see what more, but let's just wait and see what more, but let's just wait and see what happens. It came back with the result. happens. It came back with the result. happens. It came back with the result. So, looking at the top 15 sellers by So, looking at the top 15 sellers by So, looking at the top 15 sellers by location, it's clear that the pattern is location, it's clear that the pattern is location, it's clear that the pattern is faster delivery equals higher revenue. faster delivery equals higher revenue. faster delivery equals higher revenue. So, for each of the locations, we've got So, for each of the locations, we've got So, for each of the locations, we've got the average delivery time. And this was the average delivery time. And this was the average delivery time. And this was in alignment with the top sellers for in alignment with the top sellers for in alignment with the top sellers for that location. So, you can start to see that location. So, you can start to see that location. So, you can start to see how we can go back and forth with the how we can go back and forth with the how we can go back and forth with the agent to get more insights on the data. agent to get more insights on the data. agent to get more insights on the data. So, it's not just simple natural So, it's not just simple natural So, it's not just simple natural language to SQL. there's um some language to SQL. there's um some language to SQL. there's um some thinking and logic and reasoning behind thinking and logic and reasoning behind thinking and logic and reasoning behind the results. So hopefully gives you a the results. So hopefully gives you a the results. So hopefully gives you a quick overview of the system and like I quick overview of the system and like I quick overview of the system and like I mentioned this is completely mentioned this is completely mentioned this is completely customizable. You're able to plug this customizable. You're able to plug this customizable. You're able to plug this into any kind of database that you have into any kind of database that you have into any kind of database that you have whether it's your CRM market analysis whether it's your CRM market analysis whether it's your CRM market analysis wherever it may be. We're able to simply wherever it may be. We're able to simply wherever it may be. We're able to simply extract the schema from your database extract the schema from your database extract the schema from your database and then we update the prompt for the and then we update the prompt for the and then we update the prompt for the agent and it should be able to then go agent and it should be able to then go agent and it should be able to then go ahead and answer questions about your ahead and answer questions about your ahead and answer questions about your data. And you can also extend the front data. And you can also extend the front data. And you can also extend the front end to add some voice capability. Um, so end to add some voice capability. Um, so end to add some voice capability. Um, so you can go from voice to the query. you can go from voice to the query. you can go from voice to the query. You're able to also have it generate You're able to also have it generate You're able to also have it generate reports. It could be triggered, you reports. It could be triggered, you reports. It could be triggered, you know, weekly, daily to basically know, weekly, daily to basically know, weekly, daily to basically generate reports and send that to your generate reports and send that to your generate reports and send that to your Slack or email or whatever that may be. Slack or email or whatever that may be. Slack or email or whatever that may be. And it all comes down from this core And it all comes down from this core And it all comes down from this core engine system that I've built. So, with engine system that I've built. So, with engine system that I've built. So, with that being said, if you want to get your that being said, if you want to get your that being said, if you want to get your hands on everything that you saw today, hands on everything that you saw today, hands on everything that you saw today, uh, make sure you hit that first link in uh, make sure you hit that first link in uh, make sure you hit that first link in the description down below. So, join the the description down below. So, join the the description down below. So, join the community. It's going to be completely community. It's going to be completely community. It's going to be completely free and you'll find everything that you free and you'll find everything that you free and you'll find everything that you need inside of there. I hope you find need inside of there. I hope you find need inside of there. I hope you find this helpful. Make sure you hit that this helpful. Make sure you hit that this helpful. Make sure you hit that like and subscribe button. Really helps like and subscribe button. Really helps like and subscribe button. Really helps out a lot. Thank you.
