Do you ever hear people say co-pilot Do you ever hear people say co-pilot Do you ever hear people say co-pilot agent and you're like, agent and you're like, agent and you're like, let me explain what a Microsoft 365 let me explain what a Microsoft 365 let me explain what a Microsoft 365 co-pilot agent is because it's a very co-pilot agent is because it's a very co-pilot agent is because it's a very hot topic right now. A co-pilot agent is hot topic right now. A co-pilot agent is hot topic right now. A co-pilot agent is like your very own AI intern. You give like your very own AI intern. You give like your very own AI intern. You give it one job and it becomes an absolute it one job and it becomes an absolute it one job and it becomes an absolute beast at doing that one thing. You want beast at doing that one thing. You want beast at doing that one thing. You want to write emails or LinkedIn posts just to write emails or LinkedIn posts just to write emails or LinkedIn posts just like you. Do you want to classify like you. Do you want to classify like you. Do you want to classify invoices using your specific chart of invoices using your specific chart of invoices using your specific chart of accounts or even summarize a long PDFs accounts or even summarize a long PDFs accounts or even summarize a long PDFs and make a summary to your boss just and make a summary to your boss just and make a summary to your boss just like it will be you that will have like it will be you that will have like it will be you that will have written it. You just give it written it. You just give it written it. You just give it instructions once and it will remembers instructions once and it will remembers instructions once and it will remembers how you want things done. So you don't how you want things done. So you don't how you want things done. So you don't need to repeat your prompts all the need to repeat your prompts all the need to repeat your prompts all the time. It's just register. It's just time. It's just register. It's just time. It's just register. It's just saved in this agent. For example, I saved in this agent. For example, I saved in this agent. For example, I built an agent that takes a YouTube built an agent that takes a YouTube built an agent that takes a YouTube video transcript and it turns it into a video transcript and it turns it into a video transcript and it turns it into a LinkedIn post, a pose that sounds just LinkedIn post, a pose that sounds just LinkedIn post, a pose that sounds just like me. It will analyze my style with like me. It will analyze my style with like me. It will analyze my style with finds a catchy hook and it will write finds a catchy hook and it will write finds a catchy hook and it will write the whole thing. I just barely lift a the whole thing. I just barely lift a the whole thing. I just barely lift a finger. I train the agent with my own finger. I train the agent with my own finger. I train the agent with my own knowledge, my own instructions. That's knowledge, my own instructions. That's knowledge, my own instructions. That's the old idea. A co-pilot agent equal one the old idea. A co-pilot agent equal one the old idea. A co-pilot agent equal one task done right every time. You don't task done right every time. You don't task done right every time. You don't need to code. You don't need any AI need to code. You don't need any AI need to code. You don't need any AI degree and you don't even need to be degree and you don't even need to be degree and you don't even need to be good with tech. It is very easy and I good with tech. It is very easy and I good with tech. It is very easy and I want to show you in a video if you want want to show you in a video if you want want to show you in a video if you want to build your own. I made a stepbystep to build your own. I made a stepbystep to build your own. I made a stepbystep tutorial video that you can watch right tutorial video that you can watch right tutorial video that you can watch right here. Catch you soon.
