Welcome back to coding depth. In today's Welcome back to coding depth. In today's Welcome back to coding depth. In today's video, we will be exploring crew AI. So, video, we will be exploring crew AI. So, video, we will be exploring crew AI. So, what is crew AI? I'll go to their what is crew AI? I'll go to their what is crew AI? I'll go to their documentation. You can use crew AI to documentation. You can use crew AI to documentation. You can use crew AI to build AI agent teams that work together build AI agent teams that work together build AI agent teams that work together to tackle complex tasks. So, it's a to tackle complex tasks. So, it's a to tackle complex tasks. So, it's a Python framework built entirely from Python framework built entirely from Python framework built entirely from scratch. It is not dependent on Lchain scratch. It is not dependent on Lchain scratch. It is not dependent on Lchain or any other agent frameworks. So, it is or any other agent frameworks. So, it is or any other agent frameworks. So, it is tailored for two types of scenarios. tailored for two types of scenarios. tailored for two types of scenarios. Crew AI crews and crew a flows. We'll be Crew AI crews and crew a flows. We'll be Crew AI crews and crew a flows. We'll be focusing on crewi crews in this video. focusing on crewi crews in this video. focusing on crewi crews in this video. So before understanding what is crew So before understanding what is crew So before understanding what is crew right first we will have to understand right first we will have to understand right first we will have to understand few other concepts like agents. So few other concepts like agents. So few other concepts like agents. So according to their documentation agent according to their documentation agent according to their documentation agent is an autonomous unit that can perform is an autonomous unit that can perform is an autonomous unit that can perform specific task. Make decision based on specific task. Make decision based on specific task. Make decision based on its role and goal. Use tools to its role and goal. Use tools to its role and goal. Use tools to accomplish objectives. accomplish objectives. accomplish objectives. Communicate and collaborate with other Communicate and collaborate with other Communicate and collaborate with other agents. Maintain memory. Delegate task agents. Maintain memory. Delegate task agents. Maintain memory. Delegate task when allowed. So these are the agent when allowed. So these are the agent when allowed. So these are the agent attributes. attributes. attributes. So role which will define what is So role which will define what is So role which will define what is function of an agent so that other function of an agent so that other function of an agent so that other agents can understand what this agent agents can understand what this agent agents can understand what this agent will do. Goal is something we will tell will do. Goal is something we will tell will do. Goal is something we will tell the agent what is its objective the agent what is its objective the agent what is its objective and backstory is like context you can and backstory is like context you can and backstory is like context you can say this is the history this is the say this is the history this is the say this is the history this is the context so that you can get better context so that you can get better context so that you can get better response from the agent you can response from the agent you can response from the agent you can optionally supply LLM if you don't optionally supply LLM if you don't optionally supply LLM if you don't supply LLM it is defaulted to GPT4 supply LLM it is defaulted to GPT4 supply LLM it is defaulted to GPT4 agents can use tools optionally you can agents can use tools optionally you can agents can use tools optionally you can supply tools so what is tools right you supply tools so what is tools right you supply tools so what is tools right you can give access to tools like search or can give access to tools like search or can give access to tools like search or any custom functionality next is task so any custom functionality next is task so any custom functionality next is task so task is a specific assignment ment that task is a specific assignment ment that task is a specific assignment ment that is completed by an agent and these are is completed by an agent and these are is completed by an agent and these are all the attributes. A description we can all the attributes. A description we can all the attributes. A description we can provide. Then we can specify what is the provide. Then we can specify what is the provide. Then we can specify what is the expected output of a task and we can expected output of a task and we can expected output of a task and we can give name we can give the agent that is give name we can give the agent that is give name we can give the agent that is the agent responsible for performing the agent responsible for performing the agent responsible for performing that task. Then you can supply tools as that task. Then you can supply tools as that task. Then you can supply tools as well. Then coming to crew. So a crew well. Then coming to crew. So a crew well. Then coming to crew. So a crew represents a collaborative group of represents a collaborative group of represents a collaborative group of agents working together to achieve a set agents working together to achieve a set agents working together to achieve a set of tasks. So we'll have to specify the of tasks. So we'll have to specify the of tasks. So we'll have to specify the tasks and agents we have defined earlier tasks and agents we have defined earlier tasks and agents we have defined earlier to that group. So without further ado, to that group. So without further ado, to that group. So without further ado, let us get into the exploration. So I'll let us get into the exploration. So I'll let us get into the exploration. So I'll be using cursor for this. I'm assuming be using cursor for this. I'm assuming be using cursor for this. I'm assuming you already have Python and UV installed you already have Python and UV installed you already have Python and UV installed in your system. So I'll navigate to my in your system. So I'll navigate to my in your system. So I'll navigate to my code directory. I'll create a directory code directory. I'll create a directory code directory. I'll create a directory here. I'll name it as YT crew AI. I will here. I'll name it as YT crew AI. I will here. I'll name it as YT crew AI. I will navigate to that directory. Here I will navigate to that directory. Here I will navigate to that directory. Here I will initialize a project by running UV in initialize a project by running UV in initialize a project by running UV in it. So I'll open this folder. You will it. So I'll open this folder. You will it. So I'll open this folder. You will see all these files created here. I'll see all these files created here. I'll see all these files created here. I'll create a virtual environment by running create a virtual environment by running create a virtual environment by running uv venv. This will create a v folder and all the This will create a v folder and all the This will create a v folder and all the dependencies will be installed inside dependencies will be installed inside dependencies will be installed inside this. So I'll run this activate command. this. So I'll run this activate command. this. So I'll run this activate command. Now we are inside this virtual Now we are inside this virtual Now we are inside this virtual environment. Inside this we can install environment. Inside this we can install environment. Inside this we can install the dependencies. So I'll install cui the dependencies. So I'll install cui the dependencies. So I'll install cui tools. Now uv crew ai-en tools. This is tools. Now uv crew ai-en tools. This is tools. Now uv crew ai-en tools. This is going to take a while. Okay. Now the going to take a while. Okay. Now the going to take a while. Okay. Now the installation is complete. So we will be installation is complete. So we will be installation is complete. So we will be seeing two examples in this video. First seeing two examples in this video. First seeing two examples in this video. First is a basic search. Next one is a blog is a basic search. Next one is a blog is a basic search. Next one is a blog generator. So let us first get started generator. So let us first get started generator. So let us first get started with the basic search. So I'll have my with the basic search. So I'll have my with the basic search. So I'll have my imports from crewi I'll import agent imports from crewi I'll import agent imports from crewi I'll import agent task crew and llm. And from crew a tools task crew and llm. And from crew a tools task crew and llm. And from crew a tools we will import website search tool. And we will import website search tool. And we will import website search tool. And also we need lm. So so let's have the also we need lm. So so let's have the also we need lm. So so let's have the env file. I'll copy paste my open API env file. I'll copy paste my open API env file. I'll copy paste my open API key here. So you can define open_i key here. So you can define open_i key here. So you can define open_i key is equal to your API key. So I key is equal to your API key. So I key is equal to your API key. So I pasted my key there. Now you can load pasted my key there. Now you can load pasted my key there. Now you can load this environment variables. So these two this environment variables. So these two this environment variables. So these two line are optional what I have seen line are optional what I have seen line are optional what I have seen right. Crew a internally loads this env right. Crew a internally loads this env right. Crew a internally loads this env file. So this is not actually required file. So this is not actually required file. So this is not actually required but I'll just keep it there. Now let us but I'll just keep it there. Now let us but I'll just keep it there. Now let us declare the llm llm equal to let's call declare the llm llm equal to let's call declare the llm llm equal to let's call the lm class and we need to supply the the lm class and we need to supply the the lm class and we need to supply the model. I'll say gpt4 mini. If you don't model. I'll say gpt4 mini. If you don't model. I'll say gpt4 mini. If you don't pass this lm then gp4 will be taken as pass this lm then gp4 will be taken as pass this lm then gp4 will be taken as default. Then we need to create the default. Then we need to create the default. Then we need to create the tool. So this is the web search tool. So tool. So this is the web search tool. So tool. So this is the web search tool. So you need to give the website URL that you need to give the website URL that you need to give the website URL that you need to browse. So I given this you need to browse. So I given this you need to browse. So I given this alive page where they have published the alive page where they have published the alive page where they have published the HDFC bank Q2 results. So I'll be asking HDFC bank Q2 results. So I'll be asking HDFC bank Q2 results. So I'll be asking the crew to summarize this article. Next the crew to summarize this article. Next the crew to summarize this article. Next we need to create the agent. For that we need to create the agent. For that we need to create the agent. For that we'll use the agent class. We need to we'll use the agent class. We need to we'll use the agent class. We need to specify the role. The role is article specify the role. The role is article specify the role. The role is article summarizer. summarizer. summarizer. And then we need to specify the goal. And then we need to specify the goal. And then we need to specify the goal. This will be more descriptive. So I'll This will be more descriptive. So I'll This will be more descriptive. So I'll say gather comprehensive information on say gather comprehensive information on say gather comprehensive information on the article and summarize it in not more the article and summarize it in not more the article and summarize it in not more than 100 words. Then I need to give a than 100 words. Then I need to give a than 100 words. Then I need to give a backstory. Here I will say you're an backstory. Here I will say you're an backstory. Here I will say you're an article summarizer with a passion for article summarizer with a passion for article summarizer with a passion for finding information on the web. Then we finding information on the web. Then we finding information on the web. Then we need to give it the tool so that it can need to give it the tool so that it can need to give it the tool so that it can search the web. So we have this website search the web. So we have this website search the web. So we have this website search tool. So I'll pass it in an search tool. So I'll pass it in an search tool. So I'll pass it in an array. You can supply multiple tools and array. You can supply multiple tools and array. You can supply multiple tools and we need to specify the llm we need to specify the llm we need to specify the llm and finally I'll say verbus is equal to and finally I'll say verbus is equal to and finally I'll say verbus is equal to true. This is to see all the steps that true. This is to see all the steps that true. This is to see all the steps that is executed by the agent. So we have a is executed by the agent. So we have a is executed by the agent. So we have a agent ready. Now we need to define the agent ready. Now we need to define the agent ready. Now we need to define the task. We need a task description. task. We need a task description. task. We need a task description. So I will say search the article and So I will say search the article and So I will say search the article and provide a summary of the article. Then provide a summary of the article. Then provide a summary of the article. Then agent is equal to agent. We need to agent is equal to agent. We need to agent is equal to agent. We need to supply the agent to the task. Then I'll supply the agent to the task. Then I'll supply the agent to the task. Then I'll say the expected output. So the expected say the expected output. So the expected say the expected output. So the expected output is a comprehensive summary of the output is a comprehensive summary of the output is a comprehensive summary of the article. Then finally I'll define the article. Then finally I'll define the article. Then finally I'll define the crew. For crew we need to supply the crew. For crew we need to supply the crew. For crew we need to supply the agent as well as the task. We have only agent as well as the task. We have only agent as well as the task. We have only one agent one agent one agent also we have only one task and to run also we have only one task and to run also we have only one task and to run this screw right we need to call this screw right we need to call this screw right we need to call crew.kickoff. So let us run this and crew.kickoff. So let us run this and crew.kickoff. So let us run this and see. I'll run uvun 1_basic search.py. We see. I'll run uvun 1_basic search.py. We see. I'll run uvun 1_basic search.py. We have an error here. Yeah there is a have an error here. Yeah there is a have an error here. Yeah there is a missing comma here. Let us run this missing comma here. Let us run this missing comma here. Let us run this again. This will take a while when you again. This will take a while when you again. This will take a while when you run it for the first time. So we did a run it for the first time. So we did a run it for the first time. So we did a small typo here. This should be tools. small typo here. This should be tools. small typo here. This should be tools. So there is a typo there. So let us run So there is a typo there. So let us run So there is a typo there. So let us run that again. So the agent has started. So that again. So the agent has started. So that again. So the agent has started. So you'll see the agent tool execution. So you'll see the agent tool execution. So you'll see the agent tool execution. So it is using the tool searching in a it is using the tool searching in a it is using the tool searching in a specific website and it is passing the specific website and it is passing the specific website and it is passing the query and it is extracting the relevant query and it is extracting the relevant query and it is extracting the relevant content from the website and it is content from the website and it is content from the website and it is outputting the final answer. So that is outputting the final answer. So that is outputting the final answer. So that is very basic crew. It has just one task very basic crew. It has just one task very basic crew. It has just one task and one agent. Usually crew means and one agent. Usually crew means and one agent. Usually crew means multiple agents with multiple task. So multiple agents with multiple task. So multiple agents with multiple task. So in the next example let us see how we in the next example let us see how we in the next example let us see how we can have multiple agents. So as can have multiple agents. So as can have multiple agents. So as discussed before right we'll be creating discussed before right we'll be creating discussed before right we'll be creating a blog generator again similar imports a blog generator again similar imports a blog generator again similar imports but instead of web search tool we will but instead of web search tool we will but instead of web search tool we will be using SER API Google search tool to be using SER API Google search tool to be using SER API Google search tool to search the web and create the blog and I search the web and create the blog and I search the web and create the blog and I will load the environment file inv will will load the environment file inv will will load the environment file inv will have an additional API key that's for have an additional API key that's for have an additional API key that's for ser ser ser api key go to serapi.com and create a api key go to serapi.com and create a api key go to serapi.com and create a free account and get the key go to yourv free account and get the key go to yourv free account and get the key go to yourv file and update is a P API key. I have file and update is a P API key. I have file and update is a P API key. I have pasted mine. Now let us create the LLM. pasted mine. Now let us create the LLM. pasted mine. Now let us create the LLM. It's the same as our previous example. It's the same as our previous example. It's the same as our previous example. Here I'll have two agents. One is a Here I'll have two agents. One is a Here I'll have two agents. One is a research agent. The syntax is same. Give research agent. The syntax is same. Give research agent. The syntax is same. Give the role. Role is a research agent. Goal the role. Role is a research agent. Goal the role. Role is a research agent. Goal is research the topic and provide a is research the topic and provide a is research the topic and provide a complete information on the topic. This complete information on the topic. This complete information on the topic. This topic we'll be passing in the input topic we'll be passing in the input topic we'll be passing in the input while kicking off the crew. And backtory while kicking off the crew. And backtory while kicking off the crew. And backtory is you are a research agent with passion is you are a research agent with passion is you are a research agent with passion for researching topics. I'll give the for researching topics. I'll give the for researching topics. I'll give the tool API Google search tool. Then I'll tool API Google search tool. Then I'll tool API Google search tool. Then I'll give the llm and verb is equal to true give the llm and verb is equal to true give the llm and verb is equal to true so that we can see the agent execution so that we can see the agent execution so that we can see the agent execution in detail. Similarly, I create a writer in detail. Similarly, I create a writer in detail. Similarly, I create a writer agent. So the goal of this writer agent agent. So the goal of this writer agent agent. So the goal of this writer agent is to write the article based on the is to write the article based on the is to write the article based on the research done by research agent. Similar research done by research agent. Similar research done by research agent. Similar to the agents, we have tasks. So the to the agents, we have tasks. So the to the agents, we have tasks. So the first one is research task. So I have first one is research task. So I have first one is research task. So I have given the description as research the given the description as research the given the description as research the topic and provide a complete information topic and provide a complete information topic and provide a complete information on the topic and I have given research on the topic and I have given research on the topic and I have given research agent to this research task and the agent to this research task and the agent to this research task and the expected output is the complete expected output is the complete expected output is the complete information on the given topic. information on the given topic. information on the given topic. Similarly I have a writer task where the Similarly I have a writer task where the Similarly I have a writer task where the object is to write the article based on object is to write the article based on object is to write the article based on the research and I given writer agent to the research and I given writer agent to the research and I given writer agent to the writer task. Finally, I'll create the writer task. Finally, I'll create the writer task. Finally, I'll create the crew. Crew is equal to crew that is the crew. Crew is equal to crew that is the crew. Crew is equal to crew that is class and agents. class and agents. class and agents. We have two agents. One is research We have two agents. One is research We have two agents. One is research agent and another is writer agent. Task agent and another is writer agent. Task agent and another is writer agent. Task is equal to research task as well as is equal to research task as well as is equal to research task as well as writer task and I'll say create.kickoff. writer task and I'll say create.kickoff. writer task and I'll say create.kickoff. To this we need to pass the inputs that To this we need to pass the inputs that To this we need to pass the inputs that is our topic. I'll say topic as how EA is our topic. I'll say topic as how EA is our topic. I'll say topic as how EA is influencing is influencing is influencing children. children. children. Let us run this and see. I'll say UV Let us run this and see. I'll say UV Let us run this and see. I'll say UV run_blog run_blog run_blog generator.py. generator.py. generator.py. Yeah, it says we have a missing package. Yeah, it says we have a missing package. Yeah, it says we have a missing package. So let us go ahead and install it. Now So let us go ahead and install it. Now So let us go ahead and install it. Now the agent has started. It has searched the agent has started. It has searched the agent has started. It has searched the internet and got the details. So it the internet and got the details. So it the internet and got the details. So it is doing multiple search how is is doing multiple search how is is doing multiple search how is influencing children. A influence on influencing children. A influence on influencing children. A influence on children, how A benefits children, children, how A benefits children, children, how A benefits children, impact of A on children. So this is the impact of A on children. So this is the impact of A on children. So this is the final article. As you can see, it has final article. As you can see, it has final article. As you can see, it has neatly written the article. One neatly written the article. One neatly written the article. One enhancement you can do is you can add enhancement you can do is you can add enhancement you can do is you can add another agent that will create let's say another agent that will create let's say another agent that will create let's say cover image of the blog. So here one cover image of the blog. So here one cover image of the blog. So here one thing you can notice right all these thing you can notice right all these thing you can notice right all these strings are hardcoded here. So if we strings are hardcoded here. So if we strings are hardcoded here. So if we have multiple files and we want to have multiple files and we want to have multiple files and we want to modify a string right you'll have to modify a string right you'll have to modify a string right you'll have to find that string there and modify. So find that string there and modify. So find that string there and modify. So what this crew provides us with right we what this crew provides us with right we what this crew provides us with right we have a YAML support. So we can have all have a YAML support. So we can have all have a YAML support. So we can have all these strings stored in an YAML file so these strings stored in an YAML file so these strings stored in an YAML file so that if you want to modify it you can go that if you want to modify it you can go that if you want to modify it you can go to that YAML file and update it. So let to that YAML file and update it. So let to that YAML file and update it. So let me quickly create those files. So we me quickly create those files. So we me quickly create those files. So we will have two files. One is agents.yamel will have two files. One is agents.yamel will have two files. One is agents.yamel and one more is task.yamel. and one more is task.yamel. and one more is task.yamel. So this is the syntax research agent So this is the syntax research agent So this is the syntax research agent that is name of the agent. Then we will that is name of the agent. Then we will that is name of the agent. Then we will have this role goal and backstory. have this role goal and backstory. have this role goal and backstory. Similarly we have the writer agent. And Similarly we have the writer agent. And Similarly we have the writer agent. And coming to tasks we have the research coming to tasks we have the research coming to tasks we have the research task and writer task. We have given the task and writer task. We have given the task and writer task. We have given the description expected output agent LLM. description expected output agent LLM. description expected output agent LLM. Similarly we have given it for writer Similarly we have given it for writer Similarly we have given it for writer task as well. So this is just whatever task as well. So this is just whatever task as well. So this is just whatever is given here. We have extracted it out is given here. We have extracted it out is given here. We have extracted it out to two YAML files. Now let me create a to two YAML files. Now let me create a to two YAML files. Now let me create a file 3_yl.py. file 3_yl.py. file 3_yl.py. So I have the imports. One extra import So I have the imports. One extra import So I have the imports. One extra import I have done is I'm importing from crew. I have done is I'm importing from crew. I have done is I'm importing from crew. project crew base agent crew and task. project crew base agent crew and task. project crew base agent crew and task. All these are annotations. So I'll All these are annotations. So I'll All these are annotations. So I'll create a class of blog generator crew. create a class of blog generator crew. create a class of blog generator crew. I'll add an annotation crew base here. I'll add an annotation crew base here. I'll add an annotation crew base here. And I will define the agents config and And I will define the agents config and And I will define the agents config and task config. You should ensure that task config. You should ensure that task config. You should ensure that these names are the same. You cannot these names are the same. You cannot these names are the same. You cannot have like agent config or something like have like agent config or something like have like agent config or something like that. So what this crew annotation we that. So what this crew annotation we that. So what this crew annotation we have given here, right? That tells the have given here, right? That tells the have given here, right? That tells the crew ai to parse this YAML file and crew ai to parse this YAML file and crew ai to parse this YAML file and store the contents of this inside this store the contents of this inside this store the contents of this inside this agent config and task config as a agent config and task config as a agent config and task config as a dictionary. Next, we'll create an agent. dictionary. Next, we'll create an agent. dictionary. Next, we'll create an agent. For that, we will use the agent For that, we will use the agent For that, we will use the agent annotation. annotation. annotation. This is a function. I'll say research This is a function. I'll say research This is a function. I'll say research agent and I'll return an agent with agent and I'll return an agent with agent and I'll return an agent with config as agents config of research config as agents config of research config as agents config of research agent and then we will give the ser api agent and then we will give the ser api agent and then we will give the ser api tool key we will have verbals as true so tool key we will have verbals as true so tool key we will have verbals as true so that we can see all the agents execution that we can see all the agents execution that we can see all the agents execution steps in the same way I'll create the steps in the same way I'll create the steps in the same way I'll create the writer agent ensure that you're updating writer agent ensure that you're updating writer agent ensure that you're updating here as writer agent then I'll have a here as writer agent then I'll have a here as writer agent then I'll have a task I'll define the research task this task I'll define the research task this task I'll define the research task this will return a task with config as task will return a task with config as task will return a task with config as task task config research task that is this task config research task that is this task config research task that is this it will pass all the description it will pass all the description it will pass all the description expected output agent and llm and we expected output agent and llm and we expected output agent and llm and we will give a reference to the research will give a reference to the research will give a reference to the research agent here similarly I'll create a agent here similarly I'll create a agent here similarly I'll create a writer task and update the key as writer writer task and update the key as writer writer task and update the key as writer task finally we need to create the crew task finally we need to create the crew task finally we need to create the crew here I will call the crew class and pass here I will call the crew class and pass here I will call the crew class and pass the agents as well as the task to it the agents as well as the task to it the agents as well as the task to it finally I'll execute this I'll create a finally I'll execute this I'll create a finally I'll execute this I'll create a crew using a blog generator crew is crew using a blog generator crew is crew using a blog generator crew is equal to blog generator crew that is equal to blog generator crew that is equal to blog generator crew that is this class and I will call block this class and I will call block this class and I will call block generator crew dot crew and I'll call generator crew dot crew and I'll call generator crew dot crew and I'll call kickoff function. kickoff function. kickoff function. I'll pass input and the topic as are we I'll pass input and the topic as are we I'll pass input and the topic as are we in an AI bubble. Let me run that. The in an AI bubble. Let me run that. The in an AI bubble. Let me run that. The agent has started execution. The agent has started execution. The agent has started execution. The research agent is using a Google search research agent is using a Google search research agent is using a Google search tool and it is making search like RV in tool and it is making search like RV in tool and it is making search like RV in an EI bubble. This is output of the an EI bubble. This is output of the an EI bubble. This is output of the research agent that will be passed to research agent that will be passed to research agent that will be passed to the writer agent. Writer agent will the writer agent. Writer agent will the writer agent. Writer agent will format the response from the research format the response from the research format the response from the research agent and it will output the final agent and it will output the final agent and it will output the final answer. And this is the final answer. And this is the final answer. And this is the final conclusion. The AI sector stands at a conclusion. The AI sector stands at a conclusion. The AI sector stands at a pivotal moment marked by dual narrative. pivotal moment marked by dual narrative. pivotal moment marked by dual narrative. And one more thing we have right there And one more thing we have right there And one more thing we have right there is something called crew AI CLI. And if is something called crew AI CLI. And if is something called crew AI CLI. And if you have that right, you can create all you have that right, you can create all you have that right, you can create all these YAML files automatically. these YAML files automatically. these YAML files automatically. So let us install that. I'll run UV tool So let us install that. I'll run UV tool So let us install that. I'll run UV tool install crew AI. Yeah, I have already install crew AI. Yeah, I have already install crew AI. Yeah, I have already installed. You can run it and install installed. You can run it and install installed. You can run it and install for yourself. Now what I'll do right, for yourself. Now what I'll do right, for yourself. Now what I'll do right, I'll run this crew create crew research I'll run this crew create crew research I'll run this crew create crew research crew. I can run it in the parent folder. crew. I can run it in the parent folder. crew. I can run it in the parent folder. So it'll ask for the provider that is So it'll ask for the provider that is So it'll ask for the provider that is llm you want to use. I'll give it as llm you want to use. I'll give it as llm you want to use. I'll give it as open AI and I'll give the model as GPD4 open AI and I'll give the model as GPD4 open AI and I'll give the model as GPD4 mini. And you have to enter the openi mini. And you have to enter the openi mini. And you have to enter the openi key. I'll skip for the moment. Now it key. I'll skip for the moment. Now it key. I'll skip for the moment. Now it has created all these files like the has created all these files like the has created all these files like the tools, the agents, the tasks. So I'll go tools, the agents, the tasks. So I'll go tools, the agents, the tasks. So I'll go to that folder. So inside this src to that folder. So inside this src to that folder. So inside this src folder right have main.py. folder right have main.py. folder right have main.py. This is just creating a crew and running This is just creating a crew and running This is just creating a crew and running that. So if I go to crew, we have this that. So if I go to crew, we have this that. So if I go to crew, we have this crew bis and the class and the agent crew bis and the class and the agent crew bis and the class and the agent task and crew. The same thing what we task and crew. The same thing what we task and crew. The same thing what we have seen so far. And additionally there have seen so far. And additionally there have seen so far. And additionally there are custom tools. So you can use this to are custom tools. So you can use this to are custom tools. So you can use this to create your own custom tools and in the create your own custom tools and in the create your own custom tools and in the config we have the research reporting config we have the research reporting config we have the research reporting and list all this in YAML format. So and list all this in YAML format. So and list all this in YAML format. So that's it about CUI. If you like this that's it about CUI. If you like this that's it about CUI. If you like this please consider subscribing to the please consider subscribing to the please consider subscribing to the channel. See you in the next one.
