LLM cost is a huge deal when you're LLM cost is a huge deal when you're LLM cost is a huge deal when you're building AI items. Unlike traditional building AI items. Unlike traditional building AI items. Unlike traditional softwares, AI can behave unpredictably. softwares, AI can behave unpredictably. softwares, AI can behave unpredictably. It can hallucinate, fail silently, and It can hallucinate, fail silently, and It can hallucinate, fail silently, and worst of all, get expensive without worst of all, get expensive without worst of all, get expensive without warning. That's why in this video, I'll warning. That's why in this video, I'll warning. That's why in this video, I'll show you how to track everything your AI show you how to track everything your AI show you how to track everything your AI does, every tool it calls, every token does, every tool it calls, every token does, every tool it calls, every token it burns, and exactly how much it cost. it burns, and exactly how much it cost. it burns, and exactly how much it cost. Let's run a quick test. I'll send a Let's run a quick test. I'll send a Let's run a quick test. I'll send a telegram message asking the agent to telegram message asking the agent to telegram message asking the agent to find Sar's contact information and send find Sar's contact information and send find Sar's contact information and send him send him a quick email. Behind the him send him a quick email. Behind the him send him a quick email. Behind the scenes, the agent performs a few tasks. scenes, the agent performs a few tasks. scenes, the agent performs a few tasks. It pulls a contact using the Google It pulls a contact using the Google It pulls a contact using the Google Sheet tool. Then it uses a send email Sheet tool. Then it uses a send email Sheet tool. Then it uses a send email node to deliver the message. Finally, it node to deliver the message. Finally, it node to deliver the message. Finally, it logs every single action it took. How logs every single action it took. How logs every single action it took. How many tokens were used and what model was many tokens were used and what model was many tokens were used and what model was called and how much that run cost. So called and how much that run cost. So called and how much that run cost. So tool used is get contact send email. tool used is get contact send email. tool used is get contact send email. Total token used are here. model we used Total token used are here. model we used Total token used are here. model we used charge GBD4.1 and the cost it charge GBD4.1 and the cost it charge GBD4.1 and the cost it automatically calculated and logged less automatically calculated and logged less automatically calculated and logged less than a send in this case. Now let's than a send in this case. Now let's than a send in this case. Now let's intentionally break it. I will intentionally break it. I will intentionally break it. I will disconnect the chart model and then just disconnect the chart model and then just disconnect the chart model and then just send how are you as input. As expected send how are you as input. As expected send how are you as input. As expected the agent fails but instead of caching the agent fails but instead of caching the agent fails but instead of caching the whole workflow it gracefully logs the whole workflow it gracefully logs the whole workflow it gracefully logs the error and continues. The system logs the error and continues. The system logs the error and continues. The system logs the input message, the time, the the input message, the time, the the input message, the time, the workflow name, the error message from workflow name, the error message from workflow name, the error message from the AI agent, and even shows serial the AI agent, and even shows serial the AI agent, and even shows serial token used since the chat model never token used since the chat model never token used since the chat model never activated. This level of logging is activated. This level of logging is activated. This level of logging is essential when you're scaling agents. essential when you're scaling agents. essential when you're scaling agents. You need visibility for both success and You need visibility for both success and You need visibility for both success and error error error cases. Let me show you how this entire cases. Let me show you how this entire cases. Let me show you how this entire system works node by node. It all starts system works node by node. It all starts system works node by node. It all starts with the telegram trigger. This listens with the telegram trigger. This listens with the telegram trigger. This listens for incoming messages from you or your for incoming messages from you or your for incoming messages from you or your users. That message is passed to AI users. That message is passed to AI users. That message is passed to AI agent node. This is where logic happens. agent node. This is where logic happens. agent node. This is where logic happens. The AI agent receives the input uses the The AI agent receives the input uses the The AI agent receives the input uses the chat model GPT 4.1 in this case. Pulls chat model GPT 4.1 in this case. Pulls chat model GPT 4.1 in this case. Pulls in tools it needs like Google Sheets, in tools it needs like Google Sheets, in tools it needs like Google Sheets, Gmail or calendar. Key settings are Gmail or calendar. Key settings are Gmail or calendar. Key settings are here. Make sure you enable return here. Make sure you enable return here. Make sure you enable return intermediate steps in the AI agent note intermediate steps in the AI agent note intermediate steps in the AI agent note settings. This actually outputs all settings. This actually outputs all settings. This actually outputs all action that aent took including tools action that aent took including tools action that aent took including tools used, inputs and outputs, model and used, inputs and outputs, model and used, inputs and outputs, model and token token token usage. You have connected three tools in usage. You have connected three tools in usage. You have connected three tools in the tools group. Google sheet which is the tools group. Google sheet which is the tools group. Google sheet which is to retrieve the contacts, send email to to retrieve the contacts, send email to to retrieve the contacts, send email to send the messages, create event to add send the messages, create event to add send the messages, create event to add event to Google calendar. The agent event to Google calendar. The agent event to Google calendar. The agent dynamically decide which one to call dynamically decide which one to call dynamically decide which one to call based on the user input. If the agent based on the user input. If the agent based on the user input. If the agent runs successfully, we pass the runs successfully, we pass the runs successfully, we pass the intermediate steps into the cleanup intermediate steps into the cleanup intermediate steps into the cleanup node. This node extract the tool used, node. This node extract the tool used, node. This node extract the tool used, the token counts, model names, and the token counts, model names, and the token counts, model names, and manually calculates the cost using token manually calculates the cost using token manually calculates the cost using token rates. Then it's sent to the log board rates. Then it's sent to the log board rates. Then it's sent to the log board which append everything to a Google which append everything to a Google which append everything to a Google sheet which includes time step, workflow sheet which includes time step, workflow sheet which includes time step, workflow name, input, output, action taken, total name, input, output, action taken, total name, input, output, action taken, total breakdown, and the total cost. breakdown, and the total cost. breakdown, and the total cost. Finally, a response is sent back to the Finally, a response is sent back to the Finally, a response is sent back to the user via telegram with a success matches user via telegram with a success matches user via telegram with a success matches just like just like just like this. So if the agent this. So if the agent this. So if the agent fails, the error data flows into the fails, the error data flows into the fails, the error data flows into the second cleanup node in the rest section second cleanup node in the rest section second cleanup node in the rest section here. It still tries to extract what it here. It still tries to extract what it here. It still tries to extract what it can steps tokens if any and sets the can steps tokens if any and sets the can steps tokens if any and sets the cost to zero if cost to zero if cost to zero if unused. Then the error node appends to unused. Then the error node appends to unused. Then the error node appends to the failure log into another sheet. And the failure log into another sheet. And the failure log into another sheet. And then finally an error response is sent then finally an error response is sent then finally an error response is sent back to Telegram saying something like back to Telegram saying something like back to Telegram saying something like there was an issue with your request. So there was an issue with your request. So there was an issue with your request. So why this matters is because everything why this matters is because everything why this matters is because everything is going into a Google sheet. You now is going into a Google sheet. You now is going into a Google sheet. You now have a full audit trial. You can track have a full audit trial. You can track have a full audit trial. You can track which tools are used most. Visualize which tools are used most. Visualize which tools are used most. Visualize token user per agent. Identify flows token user per agent. Identify flows token user per agent. Identify flows that were burning too many tokens and that were burning too many tokens and that were burning too many tokens and optimize your cost accordingly. Even if optimize your cost accordingly. Even if optimize your cost accordingly. Even if something fails, your log will still something fails, your log will still something fails, your log will still show up when, where, and why with full show up when, where, and why with full show up when, where, and why with full context. If you want to use this exact context. If you want to use this exact context. If you want to use this exact system in your own workflows, join my system in your own workflows, join my system in your own workflows, join my free Facebook community. Link is in the free Facebook community. Link is in the free Facebook community. Link is in the description. Search for this video description. Search for this video description. Search for this video title. Download the NA10 JSON workflow title. Download the NA10 JSON workflow title. Download the NA10 JSON workflow template and grab the Google sheet template and grab the Google sheet template and grab the Google sheet update already formatted and ready to update already formatted and ready to update already formatted and ready to log. Just plug in your OpenAI account log. Just plug in your OpenAI account log. Just plug in your OpenAI account and Google credentials. You're good to and Google credentials. You're good to and Google credentials. You're good to go. That's it for this one. This might go. That's it for this one. This might go. That's it for this one. This might not be the flashiest workflow, but if not be the flashiest workflow, but if not be the flashiest workflow, but if you are serious about using AIES in you are serious about using AIES in you are serious about using AIES in production, observability is not production, observability is not production, observability is not optional. If you found this helpful, optional. If you found this helpful, optional. If you found this helpful, drop a like, share it with a friend, or drop a like, share it with a friend, or drop a like, share it with a friend, or join the community to grab more agent join the community to grab more agent join the community to grab more agent templates like this one. Thanks for templates like this one. Thanks for templates like this one. Thanks for watching. I'll see you in the next watching. I'll see you in the next watching. I'll see you in the next video.
