Hello guys, welcome back for another Hello guys, welcome back for another Hello guys, welcome back for another video. In this one, we're going to talk video. In this one, we're going to talk video. In this one, we're going to talk about the use of function slash tool coding. Okay. slash tool coding. Okay. slash tool coding. Okay. And it's basically the the same thing. And it's basically the the same thing. And it's basically the the same thing. It's just that like OpenAI and Entropic It's just that like OpenAI and Entropic It's just that like OpenAI and Entropic define this as a different expression, define this as a different expression, define this as a different expression, but it's basically the same thing. is but it's basically the same thing. is but it's basically the same thing. is like an LM like an LM like an LM being able to like um being able to like um being able to like um define a trace of a function and get back uh the actual return of and get back uh the actual return of and get back uh the actual return of this function and use this uh to answer this function and use this uh to answer this function and use this uh to answer a query from. So the query goes here So the query goes here So the query goes here and the uh let's say augmented and and the uh let's say augmented and and the uh let's say augmented and contextualized answer goes here. Okay, contextualized answer goes here. Okay, contextualized answer goes here. Okay, it is basically like this. So now let me it is basically like this. So now let me it is basically like this. So now let me explain to you like how does this uh explain to you like how does this uh explain to you like how does this uh work. Okay, let's delete this and let's take like an let's delete this and let's take like an let's delete this and let's take like an example to make this uh more like example to make this uh more like example to make this uh more like simple to understand. So let's say we simple to understand. So let's say we simple to understand. So let's say we have like an API service have like an API service have like an API service and this API service is for weather. and this API service is for weather. and this API service is for weather. Okay, it's weather prediction Okay, it's weather prediction Okay, it's weather prediction to see like if it's cloudy or if it's to see like if it's cloudy or if it's to see like if it's cloudy or if it's sunny plus getting the temperature. sunny plus getting the temperature. sunny plus getting the temperature. Okay, Okay, Okay, we're going to get the temperature and and and in the middle of this there is a user in the middle of this there is a user in the middle of this there is a user which will provide like the query with which will provide like the query with which will provide like the query with where where where the user want to know like uh the the user want to know like uh the the user want to know like uh the weather. Okay. And there is like uh the weather. Okay. And there is like uh the weather. Okay. And there is like uh the L&amp;M assistant. So let's make like a So let's make like a So let's make like a simple simple simple robot like version of this. Okay, cool. version of this. Okay, cool. version of this. Okay, cool. So uh before like going into like the So uh before like going into like the So uh before like going into like the actual explanation let's me add you like actual explanation let's me add you like actual explanation let's me add you like something here is fact that for this something here is fact that for this something here is fact that for this there is like and the API service use there is like and the API service use there is like and the API service use the function like get weather the function like get weather the function like get weather that take like as parameter the name of that take like as parameter the name of that take like as parameter the name of a city. Okay. So you need to to to know a city. Okay. So you need to to to know a city. Okay. So you need to to to know that this is the uh um the function and that this is the uh um the function and that this is the uh um the function and it take as an argument the name of a it take as an argument the name of a it take as an argument the name of a city. Okay. And basically what uh this city. Okay. And basically what uh this city. Okay. And basically what uh this uh first case will begin is like the uh first case will begin is like the uh first case will begin is like the user will send a request to the user will send a request to the user will send a request to the assistant and this uh request will be assistant and this uh request will be assistant and this uh request will be embedded in into like a JSON uh request embedded in into like a JSON uh request embedded in into like a JSON uh request and it will be like this row user as you and it will be like this row user as you and it will be like this row user as you know and with the content. know and with the content. know and with the content. So it's basically the query and can be So it's basically the query and can be So it's basically the query and can be like what is the uh weather like what is the uh weather like what is the uh weather in Paris for example. in Paris for example. in Paris for example. Okay. Okay. Okay. To this we will also add like um To this we will also add like um To this we will also add like um something that we call two two something that we call two two something that we call two two and it will be a list of element that and it will be a list of element that and it will be a list of element that represent the two and our case just one represent the two and our case just one represent the two and our case just one two two two and this is how and this is how and this is how the LM will know which tool he has the LM will know which tool he has the LM will know which tool he has access to and autocode it. And this is access to and autocode it. And this is access to and autocode it. And this is basically the uh trace of the function basically the uh trace of the function basically the uh trace of the function and contains like the name, and contains like the name, and contains like the name, the types, the types, the types, the arguments, the arguments, the arguments, the purpose and the return. and the return. and the return. And all this is in a string format that And all this is in a string format that And all this is in a string format that is added to the content of the query. is added to the content of the query. is added to the content of the query. Okay. So this is encapsulated inside the Okay. So this is encapsulated inside the Okay. So this is encapsulated inside the uh tool for most of the framework like uh tool for most of the framework like uh tool for most of the framework like open AI true AI autogen are using like open AI true AI autogen are using like open AI true AI autogen are using like even tropic are using this type of uh even tropic are using this type of uh even tropic are using this type of uh encapsulation with like for example encapsulation with like for example encapsulation with like for example pentic or you can use JSON scheme to pentic or you can use JSON scheme to pentic or you can use JSON scheme to describe your tool but it is uh done describe your tool but it is uh done describe your tool but it is uh done this way. Okay. this way. Okay. this way. Okay. So it knows everything. Two. Two. Two. Okay. Perfect. So now this is sent as I Okay. Perfect. So now this is sent as I Okay. Perfect. So now this is sent as I mentioned to the LM. to the LM. to the LM. Then the LLM will just like Then the LLM will just like Then the LLM will just like send back send back send back to code. That's why it's called like two to code. That's why it's called like two to code. That's why it's called like two coding just give like uh coding just give like uh coding just give like uh cool cool cool to cool for example depend of the to cool for example depend of the to cool for example depend of the framework but the idea is the same to framework but the idea is the same to framework but the idea is the same to just like just like just like uh uh uh use the function and like provide the name and it will for example provide the name and it will for example provide the name and it will for example ask like a and it will be like for ask like a and it will be like for ask like a and it will be like for example bars. example bars. example bars. Okay. So, this will be DM will send this Okay. So, this will be DM will send this Okay. So, this will be DM will send this V. V. V. This will then be sent to uh the API. This will then be sent to uh the API. This will then be sent to uh the API. to have something like a get to have something like a get to have something like a get uh for example weather uh for example weather uh for example weather and will be like yeah some with and will be like yeah some with and will be like yeah some with something like a JSON scheme. something like a JSON scheme. something like a JSON scheme. Okay, using the uh a paris as the Okay, using the uh a paris as the Okay, using the uh a paris as the argument of this uh JSON then this will argument of this uh JSON then this will argument of this uh JSON then this will provide back an answer provide back an answer provide back an answer for example we give like the temperature for example we give like the temperature for example we give like the temperature so let's make this like very sunny so so let's make this like very sunny so so let's make this like very sunny so 65掳 65掳 65掳 and like the condition and like the condition and like the condition of the uh place is like very sunny Okay, cool. Then what it does is this message cool. Then what it does is this message cool. Then what it does is this message is then is then is then sent back to the L&amp;M with the uh same sent back to the L&amp;M with the uh same sent back to the L&amp;M with the uh same message. But what we do is we usually in message. But what we do is we usually in message. But what we do is we usually in most of the framework what we do is the most of the framework what we do is the most of the framework what we do is the world is still the same role is user world is still the same role is user world is still the same role is user but the content is changed. What we do is we add like is changed. What we do is we add like is changed. What we do is we add like the previous query let's call it like Q the previous query let's call it like Q the previous query let's call it like Q Q plus the to call here that plus the plus the plus the answer answer answer okay okay okay and this is given to the L&amp;M and from and this is given to the L&amp;M and from and this is given to the L&amp;M and from this the L&amp;M will answer so you need to this the L&amp;M will answer so you need to this the L&amp;M will answer so you need to make to understand that the query plus make to understand that the query plus make to understand that the query plus the Google that was first initiated by the Google that was first initiated by the Google that was first initiated by the LM plus the response is added to the the LM plus the response is added to the the LM plus the response is added to the context with like need to think of this context with like need to think of this context with like need to think of this as a message is given to the LM to as a message is given to the LM to as a message is given to the LM to respond uh from the initial query of the respond uh from the initial query of the respond uh from the initial query of the okay and then from the story you can okay and then from the story you can okay and then from the story you can then like give back an answer then like give back an answer then like give back an answer and then the name can provide like is and then the name can provide like is and then the name can provide like is JSON response with Ro being now the JSON response with Ro being now the JSON response with Ro being now the assistant assistant assistant and uh the content will be for example inverse inverse inverse the temperature is 65 and It's 65 and It's 65 and It's sunny. sunny. sunny. Okay. So this is basically like how a Okay. So this is basically like how a Okay. So this is basically like how a function uh function two to two tool function uh function two to two tool function uh function two to two tool calling works. There is like two crucial calling works. There is like two crucial calling works. There is like two crucial thing that you need to understand is thing that you need to understand is thing that you need to understand is that here that here that here in this place in this place in this place the tool calling all the information the tool calling all the information the tool calling all the information that the L&amp;M needs is encapsulated here. that the L&amp;M needs is encapsulated here. that the L&amp;M needs is encapsulated here. And when we get the result from the API, And when we get the result from the API, And when we get the result from the API, it can be a function, it can be an API, it can be a function, it can be an API, it can be a function, it can be an API, we add here inside the second call from we add here inside the second call from we add here inside the second call from user that is done by a framework or it user that is done by a framework or it user that is done by a framework or it can be done like by hand. We add like can be done like by hand. We add like can be done like by hand. We add like the initial question, the two call that the initial question, the two call that the initial question, the two call that is here and the answer that was here. is here and the answer that was here. is here and the answer that was here. And from all of this, the LM can then And from all of this, the LM can then And from all of this, the LM can then respond and have like this nice invis. respond and have like this nice invis. respond and have like this nice invis. The temperature is uh 65 and it's done. The temperature is uh 65 and it's done. The temperature is uh 65 and it's done. Okay, so that's how like two cooling Okay, so that's how like two cooling Okay, so that's how like two cooling works. I hope you liked the the work works. I hope you liked the the work works. I hope you liked the the work through. If you like those kind of through. If you like those kind of through. If you like those kind of content, please like and subscribe. content, please like and subscribe. content, please like and subscribe. Maybe share this to a friend that might Maybe share this to a friend that might Maybe share this to a friend that might like need this like notion to be um more like need this like notion to be um more like need this like notion to be um more explained. And if you are more explained. And if you are more explained. And if you are more interested in LLMs and all interested in LLMs and all interested in LLMs and all everything that is uh close to L&amp;M, I everything that is uh close to L&amp;M, I everything that is uh close to L&amp;M, I made another video on uh who to use like made another video on uh who to use like made another video on uh who to use like rag and like to understand uh text rag and like to understand uh text rag and like to understand uh text chunking and uh type of retriever. Okay, chunking and uh type of retriever. Okay, chunking and uh type of retriever. Okay, so please check this video. It will so please check this video. It will so please check this video. It will probably appear on your screen now and I probably appear on your screen now and I probably appear on your screen now and I will be seeing you uh in the next one. will be seeing you uh in the next one. will be seeing you uh in the next one. Bye-bye, guys.
