Good morning everyone. How's it going Good morning everyone. How's it going Good morning everyone. How's it going today? Today we're going to be taking a today? Today we're going to be taking a today? Today we're going to be taking a look at OpenAI agents SDK which is the look at OpenAI agents SDK which is the look at OpenAI agents SDK which is the new framework by OpenAI to create agents new framework by OpenAI to create agents new framework by OpenAI to create agents and it comes as a successor from their and it comes as a successor from their and it comes as a successor from their previous framework called Swarm. The previous framework called Swarm. The previous framework called Swarm. The objective of this framework is of course objective of this framework is of course objective of this framework is of course to make things much more simple and the to make things much more simple and the to make things much more simple and the minimalist and it works with a very minimalist and it works with a very minimalist and it works with a very small set of primitives as I'm going to small set of primitives as I'm going to small set of primitives as I'm going to show you in just a moment. You can show you in just a moment. You can show you in just a moment. You can consider this video as a crash course of consider this video as a crash course of consider this video as a crash course of OpenAI agents SDK both with OpenAI OpenAI agents SDK both with OpenAI OpenAI agents SDK both with OpenAI models and also with open models from models and also with open models from models and also with open models from hugging face. And just to tell you a hugging face. And just to tell you a hugging face. And just to tell you a little bit more about the popularity of little bit more about the popularity of little bit more about the popularity of this framework, let me show you that this framework, let me show you that this framework, let me show you that among the most popular SDKs for agent among the most popular SDKs for agent among the most popular SDKs for agent creation. Actually, OpenAI agents is the creation. Actually, OpenAI agents is the creation. Actually, OpenAI agents is the one that is growing the fastest with 73% one that is growing the fastest with 73% one that is growing the fastest with 73% growth in daily downloads over a 90day growth in daily downloads over a 90day growth in daily downloads over a 90day period. As you can see right here, it's period. As you can see right here, it's period. As you can see right here, it's even bitting Langraph, which is kind of even bitting Langraph, which is kind of even bitting Langraph, which is kind of cheating because now recently, every cheating because now recently, every cheating because now recently, every single Lang Chain install also installs single Lang Chain install also installs single Lang Chain install also installs Langraph under the hood. But even with Langraph under the hood. But even with Langraph under the hood. But even with that, OpenAI agents is actually on top that, OpenAI agents is actually on top that, OpenAI agents is actually on top right here in growth over a 90-day right here in growth over a 90-day right here in growth over a 90-day period. And if you want to take a look period. And if you want to take a look period. And if you want to take a look at the daily downloads right here, at the daily downloads right here, at the daily downloads right here, actually, I'm just going to remove Lang actually, I'm just going to remove Lang actually, I'm just going to remove Lang Chain and Langre for better visibility. Chain and Langre for better visibility. Chain and Langre for better visibility. And also, Lame Index because this has And also, Lame Index because this has And also, Lame Index because this has had some negative growth in the last few had some negative growth in the last few had some negative growth in the last few weeks. And as you can see, OpenAI is weeks. And as you can see, OpenAI is weeks. And as you can see, OpenAI is really killing it against its really killing it against its really killing it against its competitors. So, this is the one that competitors. So, this is the one that competitors. So, this is the one that we're going to be using. Let me know if we're going to be using. Let me know if we're going to be using. Let me know if you have any questions by the end of the you have any questions by the end of the you have any questions by the end of the video. And hopefully everything's going video. And hopefully everything's going video. And hopefully everything's going to be very clear so that you can create to be very clear so that you can create to be very clear so that you can create your own agents. In future videos, we're your own agents. In future videos, we're your own agents. In future videos, we're going to be creating projects with this going to be creating projects with this going to be creating projects with this SDK. So, let me know what you want to SDK. So, let me know what you want to SDK. So, let me know what you want to see. So, let's get right into it. see. So, let's get right into it. see. So, let's get right into it. Okay. Okay, so the first thing to Okay. Okay, so the first thing to Okay. Okay, so the first thing to consider is that this SDK is very consider is that this SDK is very consider is that this SDK is very minimalist and it has a very small set minimalist and it has a very small set minimalist and it has a very small set of very important primitives that will of very important primitives that will of very important primitives that will make everything work. The first one is make everything work. The first one is make everything work. The first one is the agents which are basically the LLMs the agents which are basically the LLMs the agents which are basically the LLMs or the the abstraction in charge of or the the abstraction in charge of or the the abstraction in charge of calling the LLMs. You have the handoffs calling the LLMs. You have the handoffs calling the LLMs. You have the handoffs which is a way to have one agent which is a way to have one agent which is a way to have one agent delegate a task to another agent which delegate a task to another agent which delegate a task to another agent which may be more prepared for that task may be more prepared for that task may be more prepared for that task because of the tools or system prompt. because of the tools or system prompt. because of the tools or system prompt. You also have guardrails that are built You also have guardrails that are built You also have guardrails that are built in and you have sessions which is in and you have sessions which is in and you have sessions which is basically just how to maintain the basically just how to maintain the basically just how to maintain the memory of a conversation in an agent memory of a conversation in an agent memory of a conversation in an agent across multiple runs. And I'm going to across multiple runs. And I'm going to across multiple runs. And I'm going to show you how all this runs in like in a show you how all this runs in like in a show you how all this runs in like in a the whole thing, uh you have the the whole thing, uh you have the the whole thing, uh you have the under the video. Feel free to open that under the video. Feel free to open that under the video. Feel free to open that one to follow along if you want. And one to follow along if you want. And one to follow along if you want. And right here, what we're going to do first right here, what we're going to do first right here, what we're going to do first is install OpenI agents like this. So is install OpenI agents like this. So is install OpenI agents like this. So we're going to do pip install or uv we're going to do pip install or uv we're going to do pip install or uv openai agents. And in my case, I'm also openai agents. And in my case, I'm also openai agents. And in my case, I'm also going to be installing light lm because going to be installing light lm because going to be installing light lm because that is the integration that we're going that is the integration that we're going that is the integration that we're going to need in order to run our open- source to need in order to run our open- source to need in order to run our open- source models from hugging phase. Okay. So once models from hugging phase. Okay. So once models from hugging phase. Okay. So once this one right here is installed, you're this one right here is installed, you're this one right here is installed, you're going to be able to continue. In my going to be able to continue. In my going to be able to continue. In my case, I'm going since I'm using a case, I'm going since I'm using a case, I'm going since I'm using a async.io to be able to run async code in async.io to be able to run async code in async.io to be able to run async code in a notebook. And then I'm going to set up a notebook. And then I'm going to set up a notebook. And then I'm going to set up my API key and going to play it like my API key and going to play it like my API key and going to play it like this. And there we go. And now we can this. And there we go. And now we can this. And there we go. And now we can actually start with the agent framework. actually start with the agent framework. actually start with the agent framework. And as you can see, it's very very And as you can see, it's very very And as you can see, it's very very minimalist. So here the first thing that minimalist. So here the first thing that minimalist. So here the first thing that you're going to do is you're going to you're going to do is you're going to you're going to do is you're going to import agent, function tool, and runner import agent, function tool, and runner import agent, function tool, and runner in order to create one function tool, in order to create one function tool, in order to create one function tool, one agent, and to run it. So just in uh one agent, and to run it. So just in uh one agent, and to run it. So just in uh just like in other frameworks, you have just like in other frameworks, you have just like in other frameworks, you have your function that is going to be turned your function that is going to be turned your function that is going to be turned into a tool. So you have the function into a tool. So you have the function into a tool. So you have the function which has to have a very descriptive which has to have a very descriptive which has to have a very descriptive name. You have the description of the name. You have the description of the name. You have the description of the tool which is going to be passed to the tool which is going to be passed to the tool which is going to be passed to the agent in a dock string. Right here agent in a dock string. Right here agent in a dock string. Right here you're going to have the parameters with you're going to have the parameters with you're going to have the parameters with type hints which is very important to type hints which is very important to type hints which is very important to tell your agent or your LLM which data tell your agent or your LLM which data tell your agent or your LLM which data types it is supposed to input into these types it is supposed to input into these types it is supposed to input into these uh variables right here. And then you uh variables right here. And then you uh variables right here. And then you have this decorator right here which have this decorator right here which have this decorator right here which will actually turn your function into a will actually turn your function into a will actually turn your function into a tool. And that way you're going to just tool. And that way you're going to just tool. And that way you're going to just be able to take this function right here be able to take this function right here be able to take this function right here and put it inside the tools parameter and put it inside the tools parameter and put it inside the tools parameter when you're initializing your agent when you're initializing your agent when you're initializing your agent right here. Okay. So when you initialize right here. Okay. So when you initialize right here. Okay. So when you initialize your agent, you give it a name. In this your agent, you give it a name. In this your agent, you give it a name. In this case, it's going to be a Haiku agent. case, it's going to be a Haiku agent. case, it's going to be a Haiku agent. And the instructions. Um these ones And the instructions. Um these ones And the instructions. Um these ones right here are the developer right here are the developer right here are the developer instructions. Sometimes called system instructions. Sometimes called system instructions. Sometimes called system prompt. uh but in OpenAI systems usually prompt. uh but in OpenAI systems usually prompt. uh but in OpenAI systems usually you have the differentiation between the you have the differentiation between the you have the differentiation between the system prompt which is the system prompt system prompt which is the system prompt system prompt which is the system prompt set by the developers of the LLM and set by the developers of the LLM and set by the developers of the LLM and then you have the developer prompt which then you have the developer prompt which then you have the developer prompt which is the one set by you the developer of is the one set by you the developer of is the one set by you the developer of your agent or your application. So those your agent or your application. So those your agent or your application. So those are the instructions right here. And are the instructions right here. And are the instructions right here. And then you have the model. In this case, then you have the model. In this case, then you have the model. In this case, you're going to be able to pass any you're going to be able to pass any you're going to be able to pass any model from OpenAI. And I'm going to show model from OpenAI. And I'm going to show model from OpenAI. And I'm going to show you in just a moment how to do this with you in just a moment how to do this with you in just a moment how to do this with hugging face models. And then the tools. hugging face models. And then the tools. hugging face models. And then the tools. And then in order to run it, all you're And then in order to run it, all you're And then in order to run it, all you're going to have to do is run with going to have to do is run with going to have to do is run with runner.run. You say which agent you want runner.run. You say which agent you want runner.run. You say which agent you want to run. In this case, it is this one to run. In this case, it is this one to run. In this case, it is this one right here. And then the input that you right here. And then the input that you right here. And then the input that you want for your agent. So I'm just going want for your agent. So I'm just going want for your agent. So I'm just going to run it right now. And as you can see, to run it right now. And as you can see, to run it right now. And as you can see, it will use this model right here to it will use this model right here to it will use this model right here to return my uh result after calling the return my uh result after calling the return my uh result after calling the get weather tool, which is the weather get weather tool, which is the weather get weather tool, which is the weather in this city in New York is sunny. And in this city in New York is sunny. And in this city in New York is sunny. And since the instructions were always since the instructions were always since the instructions were always respond in haiku form, here I have a respond in haiku form, here I have a respond in haiku form, here I have a high about how it is sunny in New York, high about how it is sunny in New York, high about how it is sunny in New York, which is probably not true today. All which is probably not true today. All which is probably not true today. All right. And now that we have actually right. And now that we have actually right. And now that we have actually understood how to do this, what we're understood how to do this, what we're understood how to do this, what we're going to do is we're going to do the going to do is we're going to do the going to do is we're going to do the same thing but with open models. And in same thing but with open models. And in same thing but with open models. And in order to do this, the first thing that order to do this, the first thing that order to do this, the first thing that you want to do is to install OpenAI you want to do is to install OpenAI you want to do is to install OpenAI agents light LLM integration. And once agents light LLM integration. And once agents light LLM integration. And once you have done that, you're going to set you have done that, you're going to set you have done that, you're going to set your hugging face API key to HF token. your hugging face API key to HF token. your hugging face API key to HF token. Uh that's just your environment Uh that's just your environment Uh that's just your environment variable. And in order to do that, all variable. And in order to do that, all variable. And in order to do that, all you're going to have to do is go to you're going to have to do is go to you're going to have to do is go to huggingface.co code right here. Go to huggingface.co code right here. Go to huggingface.co code right here. Go to access tokens, create a new access access tokens, create a new access access tokens, create a new access token, and give it the make calls to token, and give it the make calls to token, and give it the make calls to inference providers permission. inference providers permission. inference providers permission. Otherwise, you're not going to be able Otherwise, you're not going to be able Otherwise, you're not going to be able to call your models. Once that is done, to call your models. Once that is done, to call your models. Once that is done, you're going to go back to models right you're going to go back to models right you're going to go back to models right here, and you're going to select the here, and you're going to select the here, and you're going to select the model that you want to use. Uh, in this model that you want to use. Uh, in this model that you want to use. Uh, in this case, we're dealing with agents. So, case, we're dealing with agents. So, case, we're dealing with agents. So, we're going to go for text generation we're going to go for text generation we're going to go for text generation right here. And we're going to filter by right here. And we're going to filter by right here. And we're going to filter by inference available because we want to inference available because we want to inference available because we want to be able to run these models through be able to run these models through be able to run these models through inference providers via hugging phase. inference providers via hugging phase. inference providers via hugging phase. So, which one do we want? Let's suppose So, which one do we want? Let's suppose So, which one do we want? Let's suppose that we want to use, for example, when that we want to use, for example, when that we want to use, for example, when 38B. 38B. 38B. And in order to do this, you're going to And in order to do this, you're going to And in order to do this, you're going to click right here, and you're going to go click right here, and you're going to go click right here, and you're going to go right here to compare providers. right here to compare providers. right here to compare providers. And from here, you're going to want to And from here, you're going to want to And from here, you're going to want to make sure that the tool calling feature make sure that the tool calling feature make sure that the tool calling feature is active. Otherwise, it's not going to is active. Otherwise, it's not going to is active. Otherwise, it's not going to work for an agent because remember that work for an agent because remember that work for an agent because remember that agents more often than not require agents more often than not require agents more often than not require tools. And you're going to need a model tools. And you're going to need a model tools. And you're going to need a model that supports function calling or tool that supports function calling or tool that supports function calling or tool calling. And ideally, you want uh one calling. And ideally, you want uh one calling. And ideally, you want uh one that also supports structured uh outputs that also supports structured uh outputs that also supports structured uh outputs as well. But that's only if you really as well. But that's only if you really as well. But that's only if you really need structured outputs. So in this need structured outputs. So in this need structured outputs. So in this case, the provider that we want to use case, the provider that we want to use case, the provider that we want to use is Nscale. The model is Gwen 3AB and the is Nscale. The model is Gwen 3AB and the is Nscale. The model is Gwen 3AB and the uh creator of the model is Gwen. So uh creator of the model is Gwen. So uh creator of the model is Gwen. So we're going to just copy this right we're going to just copy this right we're going to just copy this right here. And what you're going to do is here. And what you're going to do is here. And what you're going to do is you're going to do exactly the same you're going to do exactly the same you're going to do exactly the same thing as we did before, but instead of thing as we did before, but instead of thing as we did before, but instead of just sending over right here as a just sending over right here as a just sending over right here as a parameter the name of the OpenAI model, parameter the name of the OpenAI model, parameter the name of the OpenAI model, you're going to add lightlm/hogface you're going to add lightlm/hogface you're going to add lightlm/hogface slash the name of the provider that you slash the name of the provider that you slash the name of the provider that you want to use, then the name of the want to use, then the name of the want to use, then the name of the username or the organization that username or the organization that username or the organization that published that LLM, and then the the ID published that LLM, and then the the ID published that LLM, and then the the ID of the model itself. And here in the of the model itself. And here in the of the model itself. And here in the It's written right here. That's one It's written right here. That's one It's written right here. That's one possibility. Another possibility is to possibility. Another possibility is to possibility. Another possibility is to use the lightn class that you can import use the lightn class that you can import use the lightn class that you can import from here and just add hoging face slash from here and just add hoging face slash from here and just add hoging face slash and then again the uh provider which in and then again the uh provider which in and then again the uh provider which in my case is nscale and then quen 38b my case is nscale and then quen 38b my case is nscale and then quen 38b which is this right here. I'm just going which is this right here. I'm just going which is this right here. I'm just going to paste it. And in this case, let me to paste it. And in this case, let me to paste it. And in this case, let me just show you with that uh class-based just show you with that uh class-based just show you with that uh class-based approach. And if you want to be able to approach. And if you want to be able to approach. And if you want to be able to also see the usage, that is the tokens also see the usage, that is the tokens also see the usage, that is the tokens that were used on each request, you're that were used on each request, you're that were used on each request, you're going to want to set model settings going to want to set model settings going to want to set model settings include usage to true. We're going to include usage to true. We're going to include usage to true. We're going to execute this and it's going to call the execute this and it's going to call the execute this and it's going to call the function. And then by the end, we're function. And then by the end, we're function. And then by the end, we're going to have our result right here. And going to have our result right here. And going to have our result right here. And there we go. New York shines today. Sky there we go. New York shines today. Sky there we go. New York shines today. Sky scratches wide blah blah blah. And there scratches wide blah blah blah. And there scratches wide blah blah blah. And there you go. That is how you do the same you go. That is how you do the same you go. That is how you do the same thing with open models. Okay. Okay, now thing with open models. Okay. Okay, now thing with open models. Okay. Okay, now let's suppose that you want to trace the let's suppose that you want to trace the let's suppose that you want to trace the agent runs that you have. It's very agent runs that you have. It's very agent runs that you have. It's very important because agents can look a important because agents can look a important because agents can look a little bit like a black box where a lot little bit like a black box where a lot little bit like a black box where a lot of stuff is happening inside them, but of stuff is happening inside them, but of stuff is happening inside them, but then in the end you only see the final then in the end you only see the final then in the end you only see the final result. And it's very important to see result. And it's very important to see result. And it's very important to see actually every intermediate step to actually every intermediate step to actually every intermediate step to actually be able to debug them. And it's actually be able to debug them. And it's actually be able to debug them. And it's very straightforward to do this with the very straightforward to do this with the very straightforward to do this with the OpenAI agent SDK. All you're going to OpenAI agent SDK. All you're going to OpenAI agent SDK. All you're going to want to do is set your OpenAI API key. want to do is set your OpenAI API key. want to do is set your OpenAI API key. Very important. And if you set your API Very important. And if you set your API Very important. And if you set your API key to open AAI API key environment key to open AAI API key environment key to open AAI API key environment variable, it is going to be identified variable, it is going to be identified variable, it is going to be identified automatically. But if you've set it to automatically. But if you've set it to automatically. But if you've set it to another different environment variable, another different environment variable, another different environment variable, you're going to have to set it uh you're going to have to set it uh you're going to have to set it uh manually using set tracing export API manually using set tracing export API manually using set tracing export API key like this. And once that is executed key like this. And once that is executed key like this. And once that is executed and done, you're going to be able to and done, you're going to be able to and done, you're going to be able to actually track the whole thing like actually track the whole thing like actually track the whole thing like this. You go to platform.openi.com this. You go to platform.openi.com this. You go to platform.openi.com openai.com. openai.com. openai.com. And after you have added your API key, And after you have added your API key, And after you have added your API key, you're going to be able to go right here you're going to be able to go right here you're going to be able to go right here to logs. And inside logs, you're going to logs. And inside logs, you're going to logs. And inside logs, you're going to be able to go to traces. And inside to be able to go to traces. And inside to be able to go to traces. And inside traces, right here, as you can see, we traces, right here, as you can see, we traces, right here, as you can see, we have all of our agent runs. And this one have all of our agent runs. And this one have all of our agent runs. And this one right here is the one that just happened right here is the one that just happened right here is the one that just happened a few minutes ago. Um, I actually forgot a few minutes ago. Um, I actually forgot a few minutes ago. Um, I actually forgot to rename it. It's still called Kimmy to rename it. It's still called Kimmy to rename it. It's still called Kimmy agent because I was running some tests agent because I was running some tests agent because I was running some tests with Kim K2. But I'm just going to open with Kim K2. But I'm just going to open with Kim K2. But I'm just going to open it. And right here you're going to see it. And right here you're going to see it. And right here you're going to see that the generation was created today that the generation was created today that the generation was created today with nscale quen quen 38B. with nscale quen quen 38B. with nscale quen quen 38B. And then right here you have the input And then right here you have the input And then right here you have the input which is always responding hiker form. which is always responding hiker form. which is always responding hiker form. And then what's the weather in New York And then what's the weather in New York And then what's the weather in New York which is the question from the user. And which is the question from the user. And which is the question from the user. And then the output here we have the then the output here we have the then the output here we have the reasoning content from my LLM saying reasoning content from my LLM saying reasoning content from my LLM saying okay so the user is asking for the okay so the user is asking for the okay so the user is asking for the weather in New York blah blah blah. I'm weather in New York blah blah blah. I'm weather in New York blah blah blah. I'm going to call the function and then it going to call the function and then it going to call the function and then it returned the tool call get weather for returned the tool call get weather for returned the tool call get weather for the city of New York. Then we have the the city of New York. Then we have the the city of New York. Then we have the actual function call right here and the actual function call right here and the actual function call right here and the output which is the weather in New York output which is the weather in New York output which is the weather in New York is sunny. And then the final generation is sunny. And then the final generation is sunny. And then the final generation by my agent which is right here saying by my agent which is right here saying by my agent which is right here saying um okay the user asked blah blah blah um okay the user asked blah blah blah um okay the user asked blah blah blah New York shines today sky stretches. And New York shines today sky stretches. And New York shines today sky stretches. And here's the actual haiku because we're of here's the actual haiku because we're of here's the actual haiku because we're of course taking into consideration the course taking into consideration the course taking into consideration the always responding haiku form which is always responding haiku form which is always responding haiku form which is the system prompt or the developer the system prompt or the developer the system prompt or the developer prompt that we started off with. And uh prompt that we started off with. And uh prompt that we started off with. And uh there you go. That is basically how there you go. That is basically how there you go. That is basically how you're going to be able to trace your you're going to be able to trace your you're going to be able to trace your whole thing. Um, something important, if whole thing. Um, something important, if whole thing. Um, something important, if you want to uh to trace also the usage, you want to uh to trace also the usage, you want to uh to trace also the usage, you're going to want to set this include you're going to want to set this include you're going to want to set this include usage parameter to true. That way, usage parameter to true. That way, usage parameter to true. That way, you're going to be able to see the exact you're going to be able to see the exact you're going to be able to see the exact number of tokens that were used in each number of tokens that were used in each number of tokens that were used in each interaction. Uh this is very important interaction. Uh this is very important interaction. Uh this is very important especially if you're not using openAI especially if you're not using openAI especially if you're not using openAI models to actually have the third-party models to actually have the third-party models to actually have the third-party integration give you the data about the integration give you the data about the integration give you the data about the usage which is not always automatic. And usage which is not always automatic. And usage which is not always automatic. And uh there you go. That is how you trace uh there you go. That is how you trace uh there you go. That is how you trace your actual agent runs. And this way, your actual agent runs. And this way, your actual agent runs. And this way, this one is of course very this one is of course very this one is of course very straightforward and very simple. But if straightforward and very simple. But if straightforward and very simple. But if you have a very long agent workflow with you have a very long agent workflow with you have a very long agent workflow with multiple tools and maybe redundant multiple tools and maybe redundant multiple tools and maybe redundant stuff, you're going to be able to stuff, you're going to be able to stuff, you're going to be able to actually debug the tool calls and what actually debug the tool calls and what actually debug the tool calls and what is going what is working, which prompts is going what is working, which prompts is going what is working, which prompts are causing problems, etc. Great, great are causing problems, etc. Great, great are causing problems, etc. Great, great way and it is completely free even if way and it is completely free even if way and it is completely free even if you're not using the OpenAI models. So you're not using the OpenAI models. So you're not using the OpenAI models. So definitely use it to improve your definitely use it to improve your definitely use it to improve your agents. Another thing that I wanted to agents. Another thing that I wanted to agents. Another thing that I wanted to show you is the possibility of show you is the possibility of show you is the possibility of generating structured output with this generating structured output with this generating structured output with this agent. And what we're going to do again agent. And what we're going to do again agent. And what we're going to do again we're going to be using hugging face we're going to be using hugging face we're going to be using hugging face models for this and we're going to models for this and we're going to models for this and we're going to extract some data from say an email. So extract some data from say an email. So extract some data from say an email. So for example here we have an example for example here we have an example for example here we have an example email. Hello I just wanted to confirm email. Hello I just wanted to confirm email. Hello I just wanted to confirm the appointment with Dr. Drake Ramorei the appointment with Dr. Drake Ramorei the appointment with Dr. Drake Ramorei for Wednesday 5:00 p.m. Please let me for Wednesday 5:00 p.m. Please let me for Wednesday 5:00 p.m. Please let me know if there is any additional know if there is any additional know if there is any additional information. best John and we want our information. best John and we want our information. best John and we want our agent to read this email and extract agent to read this email and extract agent to read this email and extract structured information from it. We want structured information from it. We want structured information from it. We want to get the name of the event, the date to get the name of the event, the date to get the name of the event, the date of the event, and the participants of of the event, and the participants of of the event, and the participants of the event. And it's very straightforward the event. And it's very straightforward the event. And it's very straightforward to do this with an agent. It can look to do this with an agent. It can look to do this with an agent. It can look like a simple LLM call, but of course, like a simple LLM call, but of course, like a simple LLM call, but of course, the idea right here is that you would the idea right here is that you would the idea right here is that you would want to give your agent possibility of want to give your agent possibility of want to give your agent possibility of also calling extra tools, etc. Remember also calling extra tools, etc. Remember also calling extra tools, etc. Remember this is just like a demo of uh the this is just like a demo of uh the this is just like a demo of uh the feature not an actual uh project with feature not an actual uh project with feature not an actual uh project with it. So in order to do to use this just it. So in order to do to use this just it. So in order to do to use this just like with a regular uh structured output like with a regular uh structured output like with a regular uh structured output call you create a model using pideantic call you create a model using pideantic call you create a model using pideantic base model in this case we call it base model in this case we call it base model in this case we call it calendar event and we're going to pass calendar event and we're going to pass calendar event and we're going to pass it as output type the parameter inside it as output type the parameter inside it as output type the parameter inside the agent. Okay. And then my model is the agent. Okay. And then my model is the agent. Okay. And then my model is going to be the same one that I have going to be the same one that I have going to be the same one that I have been using before, which is this one been using before, which is this one been using before, which is this one right here, uh, LLM. Uh, in this case, right here, uh, LLM. Uh, in this case, right here, uh, LLM. Uh, in this case, I'm going to be using GLM 4.7 from ZAI I'm going to be using GLM 4.7 from ZAI I'm going to be using GLM 4.7 from ZAI or just to show you again how this is or just to show you again how this is or just to show you again how this is going to work. Let me go back right here going to work. Let me go back right here going to work. Let me go back right here to models. And in this case, we're to models. And in this case, we're to models. And in this case, we're dealing with structured output. So, we dealing with structured output. So, we dealing with structured output. So, we want to select a provider that supports want to select a provider that supports want to select a provider that supports structured output. And I told you I was structured output. And I told you I was structured output. And I told you I was going to be using GLM, which is this one going to be using GLM, which is this one going to be using GLM, which is this one right here. I'm just going to click on right here. I'm just going to click on right here. I'm just going to click on it. And we're going to go to compare it. And we're going to go to compare it. And we're going to go to compare providers. And right here, you can see providers. And right here, you can see providers. And right here, you can see that actually none of them supports uh that actually none of them supports uh that actually none of them supports uh structured output. So this is not a good structured output. So this is not a good structured output. So this is not a good model to use. Let's use another one. model to use. Let's use another one. model to use. Let's use another one. Let's use for example Let's use for example Let's use for example Kim K2 instruct. Okay. So we're going to Kim K2 instruct. Okay. So we're going to Kim K2 instruct. Okay. So we're going to select this one right here. We're going select this one right here. We're going select this one right here. We're going to click on compare providers. And here to click on compare providers. And here to click on compare providers. And here we have a bunch. So we can see that the we have a bunch. So we can see that the we have a bunch. So we can see that the latest version of Kim K2 if I remember latest version of Kim K2 if I remember latest version of Kim K2 if I remember correctly it's this one. Uh it does correctly it's this one. Uh it does correctly it's this one. Uh it does supports structured output and function supports structured output and function supports structured output and function calling on both Novita and together. So calling on both Novita and together. So calling on both Novita and together. So I'm just going to go for Nova. Just I'm just going to go for Nova. Just I'm just going to go for Nova. Just going to copy this right here. Go back going to copy this right here. Go back going to copy this right here. Go back right here. And we're going to change right here. And we're going to change right here. And we're going to change this to Nova again. And there we go. The this to Nova again. And there we go. The this to Nova again. And there we go. The instructions are extract the calendar instructions are extract the calendar instructions are extract the calendar events from this text. The model is the events from this text. The model is the events from this text. The model is the one that we wanted. The output type is one that we wanted. The output type is one that we wanted. The output type is the one that we wanted and then we just the one that we wanted and then we just the one that we wanted and then we just execute it sending over the email as execute it sending over the email as execute it sending over the email as input and it is going to give us right input and it is going to give us right input and it is going to give us right here the result. So the appointment with here the result. So the appointment with here the result. So the appointment with Dr. Drake Raori the participants are Dr. Dr. Drake Raori the participants are Dr. Dr. Drake Raori the participants are Dr. Drake and John end date is Wednesday. Drake and John end date is Wednesday. Drake and John end date is Wednesday. There you go. That is how you would do There you go. That is how you would do There you go. That is how you would do structured output with agents. This is structured output with agents. This is structured output with agents. This is of course more useful if you put it as a of course more useful if you put it as a of course more useful if you put it as a part of a longer workflow and you want part of a longer workflow and you want part of a longer workflow and you want this structured output to go maybe into this structured output to go maybe into this structured output to go maybe into another agent or to another part of your another agent or to another part of your another agent or to another part of your workflow. Uh next thing that we're going workflow. Uh next thing that we're going workflow. Uh next thing that we're going to do let's take a look at multi- aent to do let's take a look at multi- aent to do let's take a look at multi- aent systems. This is a very fun part of systems. This is a very fun part of systems. This is a very fun part of this. All right. So for structured this. All right. So for structured this. All right. So for structured agents there are mainly two paradigms agents there are mainly two paradigms agents there are mainly two paradigms that you can adopt. The first one is you that you can adopt. The first one is you that you can adopt. The first one is you can use a manager paradigm in which one can use a manager paradigm in which one can use a manager paradigm in which one agent is able to delegate tasks to agent is able to delegate tasks to agent is able to delegate tasks to multiple agents and each agent is going multiple agents and each agent is going multiple agents and each agent is going to be specialized and each agent is to be specialized and each agent is to be specialized and each agent is going to behave kind of like a tool. So going to behave kind of like a tool. So going to behave kind of like a tool. So the agent is going to delegate the task the agent is going to delegate the task the agent is going to delegate the task to the other agent and then the other to the other agent and then the other to the other agent and then the other agent is going to come back with a agent is going to come back with a agent is going to come back with a response kind of like as it was calling response kind of like as it was calling response kind of like as it was calling a tool with an agent inside it. So it's a tool with an agent inside it. So it's a tool with an agent inside it. So it's very straightforward. That's what we very straightforward. That's what we very straightforward. That's what we would call an agent workflow. uh or you would call an agent workflow. uh or you would call an agent workflow. uh or you can also have a handoff workflow where can also have a handoff workflow where can also have a handoff workflow where peer agents hand off control to a peer agents hand off control to a peer agents hand off control to a specialized agent that takes over the specialized agent that takes over the specialized agent that takes over the conversation and it is actually that um conversation and it is actually that um conversation and it is actually that um delegated agent who is going to give us delegated agent who is going to give us delegated agent who is going to give us the final result. It does not report the final result. It does not report the final result. It does not report back to a sort of manager. Okay. Uh so back to a sort of manager. Okay. Uh so back to a sort of manager. Okay. Uh so let me show you how both of these work let me show you how both of these work let me show you how both of these work and I'm going to keep using uh hugging and I'm going to keep using uh hugging and I'm going to keep using uh hugging face models right here. So I'm going to face models right here. So I'm going to face models right here. So I'm going to use uh ZAI's GLM right here. And in this use uh ZAI's GLM right here. And in this use uh ZAI's GLM right here. And in this case we have two different uh agents. case we have two different uh agents. case we have two different uh agents. Let's suppose that each one has its own Let's suppose that each one has its own Let's suppose that each one has its own very specific set of tools, very very specific set of tools, very very specific set of tools, very specific set of instructions and specific set of instructions and specific set of instructions and workflows etc. So in this case we have a workflows etc. So in this case we have a workflows etc. So in this case we have a history tutor and a mathematics tutor. history tutor and a mathematics tutor. history tutor and a mathematics tutor. So the history tutor is going to have a So the history tutor is going to have a So the history tutor is going to have a handoff description of specialist agent handoff description of specialist agent handoff description of specialist agent for historical questions. This one right for historical questions. This one right for historical questions. This one right here is kind of like the tool here is kind of like the tool here is kind of like the tool description that your uh manager agent description that your uh manager agent description that your uh manager agent is going to be able to read in order to is going to be able to read in order to is going to be able to read in order to delegate the task to this particular delegate the task to this particular delegate the task to this particular agent. The model that we're using is agent. The model that we're using is agent. The model that we're using is GLM, the one that I have right here. And GLM, the one that I have right here. And GLM, the one that I have right here. And I have set model settings include usage I have set model settings include usage I have set model settings include usage set to true to be able to actually see set to true to be able to actually see set to true to be able to actually see how many tokens this model is using. And how many tokens this model is using. And how many tokens this model is using. And I did the same thing with the math tutor I did the same thing with the math tutor I did the same thing with the math tutor agent. And then we have the triage agent agent. And then we have the triage agent agent. And then we have the triage agent which is going to work kind of like which is going to work kind of like which is going to work kind of like manager agent or also the agent that is manager agent or also the agent that is manager agent or also the agent that is going to delegate the tasks. And the going to delegate the tasks. And the going to delegate the tasks. And the handoffs are essentially the agents that handoffs are essentially the agents that handoffs are essentially the agents that is going to be able to hand off the is going to be able to hand off the is going to be able to hand off the conversation to uh depending on on which conversation to uh depending on on which conversation to uh depending on on which agent it chooses that is the most uh agent it chooses that is the most uh agent it chooses that is the most uh relevant for that particular task. And relevant for that particular task. And relevant for that particular task. And right here the t the handoffs are right here the t the handoffs are right here the t the handoffs are literally just the objects of the agents literally just the objects of the agents literally just the objects of the agents that we just initialized before. And that we just initialized before. And that we just initialized before. And then we can just run this using then we can just run this using then we can just run this using runner.run. And then we'd run the triage runner.run. And then we'd run the triage runner.run. And then we'd run the triage agent. And can you explain the causes of agent. And can you explain the causes of agent. And can you explain the causes of world 2. So in this case, it's obviously world 2. So in this case, it's obviously world 2. So in this case, it's obviously going to be sent to the history tutor going to be sent to the history tutor going to be sent to the history tutor agent as we're going to see right here. agent as we're going to see right here. agent as we're going to see right here. And there we have the final result. So And there we have the final result. So And there we have the final result. So there you go. We have a pretty there you go. We have a pretty there you go. We have a pretty interesting result right here. Uh but interesting result right here. Uh but interesting result right here. Uh but the cool thing to take a look at is the the cool thing to take a look at is the the cool thing to take a look at is the tracing. So let's go back to tracing tracing. So let's go back to tracing tracing. So let's go back to tracing right here. And in my case, it is the right here. And in my case, it is the right here. And in my case, it is the triage agent. As you can see, it went triage agent. As you can see, it went triage agent. As you can see, it went into the history tutor agent. So, the into the history tutor agent. So, the into the history tutor agent. So, the matriarch agent had this generation. You matriarch agent had this generation. You matriarch agent had this generation. You determine which agent to use based on determine which agent to use based on determine which agent to use based on your user homework question. Can you your user homework question. Can you your user homework question. Can you explain the causes of World War II? That explain the causes of World War II? That explain the causes of World War II? That was my user input. And then the output was my user input. And then the output was my user input. And then the output was first of all, it's reasoning was first of all, it's reasoning was first of all, it's reasoning content. It's reasoned. The user is content. It's reasoned. The user is content. It's reasoned. The user is asking about the causes of World War II. asking about the causes of World War II. asking about the causes of World War II. This is for the history tutor. So it to This is for the history tutor. So it to This is for the history tutor. So it to it performed a tool call to transfer to it performed a tool call to transfer to it performed a tool call to transfer to history tutor which effectively history tutor which effectively history tutor which effectively delegated the task to my history tutor delegated the task to my history tutor delegated the task to my history tutor right here. And it is the history tutor right here. And it is the history tutor right here. And it is the history tutor who actually gave us the final response who actually gave us the final response who actually gave us the final response right here. Okay. Now let me show you right here. Okay. Now let me show you right here. Okay. Now let me show you how that is different from the regular how that is different from the regular how that is different from the regular agences tools which is kind of a more of agences tools which is kind of a more of agences tools which is kind of a more of a manager workflow. So let's go right a manager workflow. So let's go right a manager workflow. So let's go right let's go back right here and I'm going let's go back right here and I'm going let's go back right here and I'm going to do exactly the same thing as I did to do exactly the same thing as I did to do exactly the same thing as I did before. So I already have my history and before. So I already have my history and before. So I already have my history and math tutor agents initialized. The only math tutor agents initialized. The only math tutor agents initialized. The only thing that I'm going to change is that I thing that I'm going to change is that I thing that I'm going to change is that I am not going to be adding them inside my am not going to be adding them inside my am not going to be adding them inside my handoff parameter. Instead I'm going to handoff parameter. Instead I'm going to handoff parameter. Instead I'm going to add them as tools. So right here inside add them as tools. So right here inside add them as tools. So right here inside the tools parameter I have my history the tools parameter I have my history the tools parameter I have my history tutor agent as tool. very important. You tutor agent as tool. very important. You tutor agent as tool. very important. You have to add the as tool method to be have to add the as tool method to be have to add the as tool method to be able to actually call this agent as a able to actually call this agent as a able to actually call this agent as a tool. You give it a tool name, a tool tool. You give it a tool name, a tool tool. You give it a tool name, a tool description just like with a regular description just like with a regular description just like with a regular tool. So then the agent is going to tool. So then the agent is going to tool. So then the agent is going to perform the task and give back the perform the task and give back the perform the task and give back the results to the manager agent. Same thing results to the manager agent. Same thing results to the manager agent. Same thing we're going to be using GLM. And then we're going to be using GLM. And then we're going to be using GLM. And then we're going to run exactly the same we're going to run exactly the same we're going to run exactly the same query to show you how this is going to query to show you how this is going to query to show you how this is going to work. And there we go. We have the final work. And there we go. We have the final work. And there we go. We have the final response right here. The main causes of response right here. The main causes of response right here. The main causes of World War II blah blah blah radio foray. World War II blah blah blah radio foray. World War II blah blah blah radio foray. We have the whole thing again. But the We have the whole thing again. But the We have the whole thing again. But the difference in this particular uh run is difference in this particular uh run is difference in this particular uh run is in the tracing. As you can see, this one in the tracing. As you can see, this one in the tracing. As you can see, this one was of the previous run. Let me show you was of the previous run. Let me show you was of the previous run. Let me show you the one of the most recent run right the one of the most recent run right the one of the most recent run right here. And there we go. So, we have the here. And there we go. So, we have the here. And there we go. So, we have the manager agent instead of the triage manager agent instead of the triage manager agent instead of the triage agent. And then right here, as you can agent. And then right here, as you can agent. And then right here, as you can see, we have the manager agent which see, we have the manager agent which see, we have the manager agent which called the history tutor agent as a tool called the history tutor agent as a tool called the history tutor agent as a tool right here. So, here we have the history right here. So, here we have the history right here. So, here we have the history agent as a tool. And here we have the agent as a tool. And here we have the agent as a tool. And here we have the response from that history agent. That response from that history agent. That response from that history agent. That is the output. And this output went back is the output. And this output went back is the output. And this output went back to my manager agent right here. So this to my manager agent right here. So this to my manager agent right here. So this one right here, here we have the history one right here, here we have the history one right here, here we have the history tutor. The generation of the history tutor. The generation of the history tutor. The generation of the history tutor. If my history tutor had had extra tutor. If my history tutor had had extra tutor. If my history tutor had had extra tools here, I would have seen all of tools here, I would have seen all of tools here, I would have seen all of those tools. And then the final response those tools. And then the final response those tools. And then the final response from that history tood was sent back to from that history tood was sent back to from that history tood was sent back to my manager agent. And then it is the my manager agent. And then it is the my manager agent. And then it is the manager agent, the one who finally manager agent, the one who finally manager agent, the one who finally actually compiled the response from my actually compiled the response from my actually compiled the response from my history tutor and represented it in a history tutor and represented it in a history tutor and represented it in a final response for me right here. And final response for me right here. And final response for me right here. And that's how you deal with multi- aent that's how you deal with multi- aent that's how you deal with multi- aent workflows. Of course, we're going to be workflows. Of course, we're going to be workflows. Of course, we're going to be dealing with more uh complex examples in dealing with more uh complex examples in dealing with more uh complex examples in future videos, but I just wanted to show future videos, but I just wanted to show future videos, but I just wanted to show you very quickly how this would work. you very quickly how this would work. you very quickly how this would work. All right. Now, very quickly, let me All right. Now, very quickly, let me All right. Now, very quickly, let me just go over custom tools again and just go over custom tools again and just go over custom tools again and pre-built tools that come with the pre-built tools that come with the pre-built tools that come with the OpenAI SDK. Uh, the first thing, as we OpenAI SDK. Uh, the first thing, as we OpenAI SDK. Uh, the first thing, as we mentioned before, is that in order to mentioned before, is that in order to mentioned before, is that in order to turn any function into a tool that your turn any function into a tool that your turn any function into a tool that your agents can use, you're going to have to agents can use, you're going to have to agents can use, you're going to have to decorate it with the add function tool decorate it with the add function tool decorate it with the add function tool that created right here that you import that created right here that you import that created right here that you import straight from agents. Uh very straight from agents. Uh very straight from agents. Uh very importantly also remember to always add importantly also remember to always add importantly also remember to always add a dock string with a very clear a dock string with a very clear a dock string with a very clear description of what this tool is description of what this tool is description of what this tool is supposed to do because that is what your supposed to do because that is what your supposed to do because that is what your agent is going to be able to read to agent is going to be able to read to agent is going to be able to read to actually decide whether or not this tool actually decide whether or not this tool actually decide whether or not this tool is important or relevant to the task in is important or relevant to the task in is important or relevant to the task in question. Secondly, remember that it is question. Secondly, remember that it is question. Secondly, remember that it is important to add type hints to your important to add type hints to your important to add type hints to your functions in order for your agent to functions in order for your agent to functions in order for your agent to know what it actually has to send as a know what it actually has to send as a know what it actually has to send as a parameter and what it expects as a parameter and what it expects as a parameter and what it expects as a returned value from this tool. So in returned value from this tool. So in returned value from this tool. So in this case, we have a very clear example this case, we have a very clear example this case, we have a very clear example of a type in right here. We're actually of a type in right here. We're actually of a type in right here. We're actually typing it with a typed dictionary. This typing it with a typed dictionary. This typing it with a typed dictionary. This one right here can be a pyantic model or one right here can be a pyantic model or one right here can be a pyantic model or also for example a data class. And right also for example a data class. And right also for example a data class. And right here it's very straightforward. All you here it's very straightforward. All you here it's very straightforward. All you do is just define the object that this do is just define the object that this do is just define the object that this particular parameter is going to be. So particular parameter is going to be. So particular parameter is going to be. So in this case it expects a latitude and in this case it expects a latitude and in this case it expects a latitude and the longitude. So now your model or your the longitude. So now your model or your the longitude. So now your model or your agent is going to be able to send that agent is going to be able to send that agent is going to be able to send that specific data type as a parameter right specific data type as a parameter right specific data type as a parameter right here. And there you go. That is a very here. And there you go. That is a very here. And there you go. That is a very straightforward and very simple way, straightforward and very simple way, straightforward and very simple way, super minimalist as I told you before super minimalist as I told you before super minimalist as I told you before method to create your tools for your method to create your tools for your method to create your tools for your agents. And actually, just before we do agents. And actually, just before we do agents. And actually, just before we do anything else, remember that there are anything else, remember that there are anything else, remember that there are also pre-built tools for your agents also pre-built tools for your agents also pre-built tools for your agents pre-built by OpenAI. I would encourage pre-built by OpenAI. I would encourage pre-built by OpenAI. I would encourage you if you're interested in any of this you if you're interested in any of this you if you're interested in any of this to actually take a look at each one of to actually take a look at each one of to actually take a look at each one of their documentation because they do have their documentation because they do have their documentation because they do have different specifications that you need different specifications that you need different specifications that you need to keep in mind. But you have a web to keep in mind. But you have a web to keep in mind. But you have a web search tool. You have a file search tool search tool. You have a file search tool search tool. You have a file search tool which essentially just retrieves which essentially just retrieves which essentially just retrieves information from your vector stores in information from your vector stores in information from your vector stores in the OpenAI platform. the OpenAI platform. the OpenAI platform. And last but not least before we leave, And last but not least before we leave, And last but not least before we leave, I just wanted to tell you that there is I just wanted to tell you that there is I just wanted to tell you that there is also streaming capabilities right here. also streaming capabilities right here. also streaming capabilities right here. So, for example, I can just initialize So, for example, I can just initialize So, for example, I can just initialize my agent like this inside an async my agent like this inside an async my agent like this inside an async function because, of course, we're going function because, of course, we're going function because, of course, we're going to be working with asynchronous uh code to be working with asynchronous uh code to be working with asynchronous uh code because we're going to be yielding one because we're going to be yielding one because we're going to be yielding one event after another as they happen. And event after another as they happen. And event after another as they happen. And what's going to happen right here is what's going to happen right here is what's going to happen right here is that we're going to uh initialize an that we're going to uh initialize an that we're going to uh initialize an async loop right here for each event in async loop right here for each event in async loop right here for each event in our stream events uh right here. And in our stream events uh right here. And in our stream events uh right here. And in instead of running it with runner run, instead of running it with runner run, instead of running it with runner run, we're going to run it with run runner we're going to run it with run runner we're going to run it with run runner run streamed. And that's essentially all run streamed. And that's essentially all run streamed. And that's essentially all that's going to change. And then after that's going to change. And then after that's going to change. And then after that, all the events are going to be that, all the events are going to be that, all the events are going to be streamed. Um probably going to make streamed. Um probably going to make streamed. Um probably going to make another video about this uh in future if another video about this uh in future if another video about this uh in future if you're interested. Uh because we can not you're interested. Uh because we can not you're interested. Uh because we can not only uh stream the tokens, but we can only uh stream the tokens, but we can only uh stream the tokens, but we can also stream every single uh event in the also stream every single uh event in the also stream every single uh event in the event in the agent loop. So for example, event in the agent loop. So for example, event in the agent loop. So for example, every single tool call, every single every single tool call, every single every single tool call, every single reasoning step, every single agent that reasoning step, every single agent that reasoning step, every single agent that it was dele that the task was delegated it was dele that the task was delegated it was dele that the task was delegated to or just the tokens as we did right to or just the tokens as we did right to or just the tokens as we did right here. Uh we can probably take a look at here. Uh we can probably take a look at here. Uh we can probably take a look at that at another video uh in a more that at another video uh in a more that at another video uh in a more thorough overview of the OpenAI agents thorough overview of the OpenAI agents thorough overview of the OpenAI agents SDK. But for now, I feel like we have SDK. But for now, I feel like we have SDK. But for now, I feel like we have covered pretty much everything that we covered pretty much everything that we covered pretty much everything that we can cover for a crash course. you now can cover for a crash course. you now can cover for a crash course. you now know everything that you can do with know everything that you can do with know everything that you can do with this agent SDK and you can now start this agent SDK and you can now start this agent SDK and you can now start using it for creating your own projects. using it for creating your own projects. using it for creating your own projects. Uh in the coming days I'm going to be Uh in the coming days I'm going to be Uh in the coming days I'm going to be uploading a series of projects with this uploading a series of projects with this uploading a series of projects with this uh SDK in case you're interested. So uh SDK in case you're interested. So uh SDK in case you're interested. So feel free to subscribe if you're feel free to subscribe if you're feel free to subscribe if you're interested and you want to see actual interested and you want to see actual interested and you want to see actual projects being built with this SDK. Uh projects being built with this SDK. Uh projects being built with this SDK. Uh thank you very much for watching and I thank you very much for watching and I thank you very much for watching and I will see you next time.
