One of the most common questions I get One of the most common questions I get One of the most common questions I get is basically some form of, "Hey Nate, my is basically some form of, "Hey Nate, my is basically some form of, "Hey Nate, my agent is not answering me correctly. How agent is not answering me correctly. How agent is not answering me correctly. How do I fix it?" And I usually take a deep do I fix it?" And I usually take a deep do I fix it?" And I usually take a deep breath and say, "Oh boy, I've got a lot breath and say, "Oh boy, I've got a lot breath and say, "Oh boy, I've got a lot of questions." There are so many of questions." There are so many of questions." There are so many different levers to pull and there are different levers to pull and there are different levers to pull and there are so many different ways you can optimize so many different ways you can optimize so many different ways you can optimize agents to do different things. And it agents to do different things. And it agents to do different things. And it all basically starts with having that all basically starts with having that all basically starts with having that end goal in mind. And you really have to end goal in mind. And you really have to end goal in mind. And you really have to think about what type of questions will think about what type of questions will think about what type of questions will be asked and what does it need to look be asked and what does it need to look be asked and what does it need to look at in order to respond accurately. So, at in order to respond accurately. So, at in order to respond accurately. So, in today's video, I'm going to be going in today's video, I'm going to be going in today's video, I'm going to be going over four different methods of rag and over four different methods of rag and over four different methods of rag and getting your agents to look at things in getting your agents to look at things in getting your agents to look at things in order to respond. And I'm going to be order to respond. And I'm going to be order to respond. And I'm going to be breaking down real examples of how it breaking down real examples of how it breaking down real examples of how it works and when you should choose that works and when you should choose that works and when you should choose that specific type of rag. So, here's the specific type of rag. So, here's the specific type of rag. So, here's the workflow that we're going to be looking workflow that we're going to be looking workflow that we're going to be looking at today. We've got, like I said, at today. We've got, like I said, at today. We've got, like I said, different examples. We have one where different examples. We have one where different examples. We have one where we're using filters. We have one where we're using filters. We have one where we're using filters. We have one where we're doing a SQL query. We have a few we're doing a SQL query. We have a few we're doing a SQL query. We have a few with full context. And then we have the with full context. And then we have the with full context. And then we have the final one which is using a vector final one which is using a vector final one which is using a vector database. And the thing is, I think when database. And the thing is, I think when database. And the thing is, I think when people realize that their agent needs people realize that their agent needs people realize that their agent needs external data or information, they external data or information, they external data or information, they immediately run straight to a vector immediately run straight to a vector immediately run straight to a vector database as the solution. But there's database as the solution. But there's database as the solution. But there's tons of problems with that. So before we tons of problems with that. So before we tons of problems with that. So before we actually dive into these four examples, actually dive into these four examples, actually dive into these four examples, let's go over to my whiteboard right let's go over to my whiteboard right let's go over to my whiteboard right here and just talk real real quick about here and just talk real real quick about here and just talk real real quick about chunk based retrieval. So chunk based chunk based retrieval. So chunk based chunk based retrieval. So chunk based retrieval is where large documents are retrieval is where large documents are retrieval is where large documents are broken down into manageable pieces that broken down into manageable pieces that broken down into manageable pieces that can be searched and retrieved more can be searched and retrieved more can be searched and retrieved more efficiently. And this is great for lots efficiently. And this is great for lots efficiently. And this is great for lots of reasons. It basically makes our of reasons. It basically makes our of reasons. It basically makes our search cheaper and faster. And I'll show search cheaper and faster. And I'll show search cheaper and faster. And I'll show you exactly what I mean by that later you exactly what I mean by that later you exactly what I mean by that later with a real example. But the issue is with a real example. But the issue is with a real example. But the issue is we're searching through the chunks we're searching through the chunks we're searching through the chunks semantically or not we the agents semantically or not we the agents semantically or not we the agents searching through the chunks searching through the chunks searching through the chunks semantically meaning it loses a lot of semantically meaning it loses a lot of semantically meaning it loses a lot of context of an overall document. So context of an overall document. So context of an overall document. So basically this is what it looks like in basically this is what it looks like in basically this is what it looks like in a simple visualization. Let's say we've a simple visualization. Let's say we've a simple visualization. Let's say we've got a 20-page PDF and that gets split got a 20-page PDF and that gets split got a 20-page PDF and that gets split into tons of different chunks. All of into tons of different chunks. All of into tons of different chunks. All of those chunks are embedded into the those chunks are embedded into the those chunks are embedded into the vector database as these little dots vector database as these little dots vector database as these little dots which are the vectors and each of the which are the vectors and each of the which are the vectors and each of the vectors represents one tiny chunk in the vectors represents one tiny chunk in the vectors represents one tiny chunk in the entire document. So what that means is entire document. So what that means is entire document. So what that means is let's say we took three transcripts from let's say we took three transcripts from let's say we took three transcripts from YouTube videos as documents and we YouTube videos as documents and we YouTube videos as documents and we embedded them and there was multiple embedded them and there was multiple embedded them and there was multiple chunks or vectors for each of those. chunks or vectors for each of those. chunks or vectors for each of those. Now, when we pull back those chunks, we Now, when we pull back those chunks, we Now, when we pull back those chunks, we wouldn't really know what YouTube video wouldn't really know what YouTube video wouldn't really know what YouTube video it came from, what the URL was, or even it came from, what the URL was, or even it came from, what the URL was, or even the timestamp of this chunk within video the timestamp of this chunk within video the timestamp of this chunk within video A right here. We could do this with A right here. We could do this with A right here. We could do this with things like metadata tagging, and that's things like metadata tagging, and that's things like metadata tagging, and that's a whole different topic, which I've had a whole different topic, which I've had a whole different topic, which I've had some videos on as well. But basically, some videos on as well. But basically, some videos on as well. But basically, what I'm trying to say is if you had a what I'm trying to say is if you had a what I'm trying to say is if you had a YouTube video vectorzed and you asked YouTube video vectorzed and you asked YouTube video vectorzed and you asked for a summary of the entire video, the for a summary of the entire video, the for a summary of the entire video, the agent would probably not be looking at agent would probably not be looking at agent would probably not be looking at that entire video. It would give you a that entire video. It would give you a that entire video. It would give you a summary of the chunks that it found. summary of the chunks that it found. summary of the chunks that it found. Like I said here, if you ask for a Like I said here, if you ask for a Like I said here, if you ask for a summarization of a meeting, it will summarization of a meeting, it will summarization of a meeting, it will search for March 5th meeting summary and search for March 5th meeting summary and search for March 5th meeting summary and it will only summarize the chunks that it will only summarize the chunks that it will only summarize the chunks that it has, which sometimes isn't the worst, it has, which sometimes isn't the worst, it has, which sometimes isn't the worst, but once again, you have to think about but once again, you have to think about but once again, you have to think about what should it be looking at and what what should it be looking at and what what should it be looking at and what type of questions will this agent type of questions will this agent type of questions will this agent receive. And when you move into tabular receive. And when you move into tabular receive. And when you move into tabular data, this is where you see lots of data, this is where you see lots of data, this is where you see lots of issues with chunkbased retrieval because issues with chunkbased retrieval because issues with chunkbased retrieval because let's say we have sales data and we ask let's say we have sales data and we ask let's say we have sales data and we ask our agent, what week did we have the our agent, what week did we have the our agent, what week did we have the highest sales? It would search through highest sales? It would search through highest sales? It would search through the knowledge base with highest sales the knowledge base with highest sales the knowledge base with highest sales and let's just say it pulls back one and let's just say it pulls back one and let's just say it pulls back one chunk which is these. I don't know how chunk which is these. I don't know how chunk which is these. I don't know how many rows this is but let's say it's many rows this is but let's say it's many rows this is but let's say it's these rows. So what it will do is it these rows. So what it will do is it these rows. So what it will do is it will take this chunk in black and it will take this chunk in black and it will take this chunk in black and it will basically pick out of this chunk will basically pick out of this chunk will basically pick out of this chunk which of these weeks did we have the which of these weeks did we have the which of these weeks did we have the highest total sales which was week highest total sales which was week highest total sales which was week number six right here 15,583. number six right here 15,583. number six right here 15,583. But what you'll notice is week four we But what you'll notice is week four we But what you'll notice is week four we actually had higher sales and we also actually had higher sales and we also actually had higher sales and we also did in week 14 and we also did in week did in week 14 and we also did in week did in week 14 and we also did in week 19. And so because we did chunk based 19. And so because we did chunk based 19. And so because we did chunk based retrieval here, it's not giving us a retrieval here, it's not giving us a retrieval here, it's not giving us a holistic picture of all the context we holistic picture of all the context we holistic picture of all the context we need. Same thing if we asked for need. Same thing if we asked for need. Same thing if we asked for something like the average. What is our something like the average. What is our something like the average. What is our average order value? It would look for average order value? It would look for average order value? It would look for average. Let's say it pulled this chunk average. Let's say it pulled this chunk average. Let's say it pulled this chunk right here in black. And it would take right here in black. And it would take right here in black. And it would take an average of just the orders in this an average of just the orders in this an average of just the orders in this chunk rather than calculating all of the chunk rather than calculating all of the chunk rather than calculating all of the weeks and taking the average of those weeks and taking the average of those weeks and taking the average of those numbers. All right, so that's enough of numbers. All right, so that's enough of numbers. All right, so that's enough of my lecture. Let's get into the real my lecture. Let's get into the real my lecture. Let's get into the real examples so you guys can actually examples so you guys can actually examples so you guys can actually contextualize all of that mumbo jumbo contextualize all of that mumbo jumbo contextualize all of that mumbo jumbo that I had just said. So the first that I had just said. So the first that I had just said. So the first example that we have is filters. And example that we have is filters. And example that we have is filters. And what we have here is a data table in what we have here is a data table in what we have here is a data table in Nadn which looks like this. It has sales Nadn which looks like this. It has sales Nadn which looks like this. It has sales data. We have 20 rows where we have data. We have 20 rows where we have data. We have 20 rows where we have product name, the date it was sold, the product name, the date it was sold, the product name, the date it was sold, the price and the quantity and the product price and the quantity and the product price and the quantity and the product ID. And so what we can do in here is we ID. And so what we can do in here is we ID. And so what we can do in here is we can talk to this agent and have it set can talk to this agent and have it set can talk to this agent and have it set up filters so it can look through and up filters so it can look through and up filters so it can look through and search for filters of just certain search for filters of just certain search for filters of just certain products that we've sold or just on products that we've sold or just on products that we've sold or just on certain dates and things like that. So certain dates and things like that. So certain dates and things like that. So if I shoot off this query to the agent if I shoot off this query to the agent if I shoot off this query to the agent that says, "How many Bluetooth speakers that says, "How many Bluetooth speakers that says, "How many Bluetooth speakers did we sell on September 16th this did we sell on September 16th this did we sell on September 16th this year?" What it's going to do is use its year?" What it's going to do is use its year?" What it's going to do is use its product name query most likely in order product name query most likely in order product name query most likely in order to filter out every single row in the to filter out every single row in the to filter out every single row in the database that doesn't have product name database that doesn't have product name database that doesn't have product name equals Bluetooth speakers. And then what equals Bluetooth speakers. And then what equals Bluetooth speakers. And then what it did was a date query to make sure it did was a date query to make sure it did was a date query to make sure it's also filtering out any of those it's also filtering out any of those it's also filtering out any of those rows where the date is not September rows where the date is not September rows where the date is not September 16th. So that just finished up and it 16th. So that just finished up and it 16th. So that just finished up and it said you sold five Bluetooth speakers on said you sold five Bluetooth speakers on said you sold five Bluetooth speakers on September 16th. How I got this, I September 16th. How I got this, I September 16th. How I got this, I queried the sales for product Bluetooth queried the sales for product Bluetooth queried the sales for product Bluetooth speaker and then I filtered the date to speaker and then I filtered the date to speaker and then I filtered the date to September 16th and then I added those September 16th and then I added those September 16th and then I added those up. So if we go into the actual database up. So if we go into the actual database up. So if we go into the actual database and we do that manually and you think and we do that manually and you think and we do that manually and you think about that, right? If you were human and about that, right? If you were human and about that, right? If you were human and someone said, "Hey, how many Bluetooth someone said, "Hey, how many Bluetooth someone said, "Hey, how many Bluetooth speakers did we sell on September 16th?" speakers did we sell on September 16th?" speakers did we sell on September 16th?" You would have done the same thing. you You would have done the same thing. you You would have done the same thing. you first would have looked at maybe first would have looked at maybe first would have looked at maybe September 16th and then out of September September 16th and then out of September September 16th and then out of September 16th you would have said okay we sold a 16th you would have said okay we sold a 16th you would have said okay we sold a Bluetooth speaker here and we sold a Bluetooth speaker here and we sold a Bluetooth speaker here and we sold a Bluetooth speaker here and then you Bluetooth speaker here and then you Bluetooth speaker here and then you would have added up the quantity which would have added up the quantity which would have added up the quantity which was 1 + 4 which equals 5 and once again was 1 + 4 which equals 5 and once again was 1 + 4 which equals 5 and once again you can see if we look at the actual you can see if we look at the actual you can see if we look at the actual tools if I click into this one it did a tools if I click into this one it did a tools if I click into this one it did a product name equals Bluetooth speaker product name equals Bluetooth speaker product name equals Bluetooth speaker query and it got those rows back and query and it got those rows back and query and it got those rows back and then it did a date query where date sold then it did a date query where date sold then it did a date query where date sold equals September 16th and it got those equals September 16th and it got those equals September 16th and it got those rows back and then it just had to use rows back and then it just had to use rows back and then it just had to use its calculator in order to do that math its calculator in order to do that math its calculator in order to do that math to give us the answer of five. So using to give us the answer of five. So using to give us the answer of five. So using a simple database filter, what does this a simple database filter, what does this a simple database filter, what does this actually mean and when would you use actually mean and when would you use actually mean and when would you use this? You're basically telling the this? You're basically telling the this? You're basically telling the system only give me rows that match system only give me rows that match system only give me rows that match these criteria or these rules. So these criteria or these rules. So these criteria or these rules. So product equals x, date equals x or date product equals x, date equals x or date product equals x, date equals x or date equals y. Like we just saw, you want to equals y. Like we just saw, you want to equals y. Like we just saw, you want to use this type of query when your data is use this type of query when your data is use this type of query when your data is structured in rows and columns. So it's structured in rows and columns. So it's structured in rows and columns. So it's tabular when you already know exactly tabular when you already know exactly tabular when you already know exactly what fields you want to filter by and what fields you want to filter by and what fields you want to filter by and when the question can be answered by when the question can be answered by when the question can be answered by looking at a small subset of records. looking at a small subset of records. looking at a small subset of records. And why does this work well? Well, it's And why does this work well? Well, it's And why does this work well? Well, it's really fast, it's cheap, and it's really fast, it's cheap, and it's really fast, it's cheap, and it's accurate, and it scales well to large accurate, and it scales well to large accurate, and it scales well to large data sets to an extent. And the beginner data sets to an extent. And the beginner data sets to an extent. And the beginner rule of thumb here is that if a human rule of thumb here is that if a human rule of thumb here is that if a human would use filters in a spreadsheet, then would use filters in a spreadsheet, then would use filters in a spreadsheet, then use filters in any of because think use filters in any of because think use filters in any of because think about it, what we could do is we could about it, what we could do is we could about it, what we could do is we could just have the agent look at all 20 rows just have the agent look at all 20 rows just have the agent look at all 20 rows and it would still be able to get that and it would still be able to get that and it would still be able to get that answer. But what it would be doing in answer. But what it would be doing in answer. But what it would be doing in that case is processing more tokens that case is processing more tokens that case is processing more tokens because it's pulling more data into nen. because it's pulling more data into nen. because it's pulling more data into nen. And there's also just a higher chance of And there's also just a higher chance of And there's also just a higher chance of hallucination because there's way more hallucination because there's way more hallucination because there's way more tokens that it's looking at which also tokens that it's looking at which also tokens that it's looking at which also makes it more expensive. So the goal is makes it more expensive. So the goal is makes it more expensive. So the goal is you have a huge data set on one side and you have a huge data set on one side and you have a huge data set on one side and you have an NN agent on one side. How you have an NN agent on one side. How you have an NN agent on one side. How can you get the agent to only pull in can you get the agent to only pull in can you get the agent to only pull in what it needs and limit the amount of what it needs and limit the amount of what it needs and limit the amount of data actually coming into NIN? And so a data actually coming into NIN? And so a data actually coming into NIN? And so a lot of times the filter will be the lot of times the filter will be the lot of times the filter will be the answer, you know, like contact databases answer, you know, like contact databases answer, you know, like contact databases or sales databases and things like that. or sales databases and things like that. or sales databases and things like that. But like I said, to an extent and once But like I said, to an extent and once But like I said, to an extent and once that gets too big and once you need to that gets too big and once you need to that gets too big and once you need to do a little bit more of like math or do a little bit more of like math or do a little bit more of like math or more complex queries, that's where you more complex queries, that's where you more complex queries, that's where you may want to consider doing an actual SQL may want to consider doing an actual SQL may want to consider doing an actual SQL query. And actually before we move on to query. And actually before we move on to query. And actually before we move on to the SQL query agent, I wanted to show the SQL query agent, I wanted to show the SQL query agent, I wanted to show the system prompt in this sales data the system prompt in this sales data the system prompt in this sales data agent. And I won't read through every agent. And I won't read through every agent. And I won't read through every line, but you can go ahead and pause it line, but you can go ahead and pause it line, but you can go ahead and pause it if you want. This whole workflow will if you want. This whole workflow will if you want. This whole workflow will also be available for download, which also be available for download, which also be available for download, which will be linked in my free school will be linked in my free school will be linked in my free school community. But the reason why I wanted community. But the reason why I wanted community. But the reason why I wanted to call this out is because I had to to call this out is because I had to to call this out is because I had to tell the agent the different options it tell the agent the different options it tell the agent the different options it had to choose from when it was making had to choose from when it was making had to choose from when it was making those filters. So here you can see I those filters. So here you can see I those filters. So here you can see I said the valid product names are said the valid product names are said the valid product names are wireless headphones, Bluetooth speaker, wireless headphones, Bluetooth speaker, wireless headphones, Bluetooth speaker, phone case, and those had capital phone case, and those had capital phone case, and those had capital letters to start each of those words. letters to start each of those words. letters to start each of those words. Because if I just said phone case and Because if I just said phone case and Because if I just said phone case and then it spelled it wrong, our filter then it spelled it wrong, our filter then it spelled it wrong, our filter wouldn't have actually worked because wouldn't have actually worked because wouldn't have actually worked because it's not doing semantic search. It's it's not doing semantic search. It's it's not doing semantic search. It's doing explicit does X equal Y filters. doing explicit does X equal Y filters. doing explicit does X equal Y filters. And same thing with the date. I had to And same thing with the date. I had to And same thing with the date. I had to make sure it always sent over that date make sure it always sent over that date make sure it always sent over that date format. And so I wanted to show you guys format. And so I wanted to show you guys format. And so I wanted to show you guys this because it's not magic. And if you this because it's not magic. And if you this because it's not magic. And if you added a new product category or if you added a new product category or if you added a new product category or if you added a different date format, you'd added a different date format, you'd added a different date format, you'd have to make sure that your agent have to make sure that your agent have to make sure that your agent understands that. But it's also understands that. But it's also understands that. But it's also important to know because something important to know because something important to know because something similar typically happens over here with similar typically happens over here with similar typically happens over here with a SQL agent. The only way that you can a SQL agent. The only way that you can a SQL agent. The only way that you can have it be a bit more dynamic, which is have it be a bit more dynamic, which is have it be a bit more dynamic, which is if you also give the agent a tool to if you also give the agent a tool to if you also give the agent a tool to look up the schema before it makes its look up the schema before it makes its look up the schema before it makes its query. And I don't want to really dive query. And I don't want to really dive query. And I don't want to really dive into exactly what I meant by that or into exactly what I meant by that or into exactly what I meant by that or show an example. I don't want to confuse show an example. I don't want to confuse show an example. I don't want to confuse you guys. But just keep in mind even you guys. But just keep in mind even you guys. But just keep in mind even with the SQL agent 2, I'm still giving with the SQL agent 2, I'm still giving with the SQL agent 2, I'm still giving it the different table details like the it the different table details like the it the different table details like the order ID column, the customer name order ID column, the customer name order ID column, the customer name column, the product column, and I'm column, the product column, and I'm column, the product column, and I'm still giving it the examples as you can still giving it the examples as you can still giving it the examples as you can see. But anyways, let's take a look at see. But anyways, let's take a look at see. But anyways, let's take a look at how this one works. So this time our how this one works. So this time our how this one works. So this time our database is being held in Postgress in database is being held in Postgress in database is being held in Postgress in Subase and it is sales data. So similar Subase and it is sales data. So similar Subase and it is sales data. So similar type of table, but it's different fields type of table, but it's different fields type of table, but it's different fields and examples and also this one is 50 and examples and also this one is 50 and examples and also this one is 50 rows rather than just 20 just for the rows rather than just 20 just for the rows rather than just 20 just for the sake of a different example. Now I also sake of a different example. Now I also sake of a different example. Now I also have this sales data in an Excel and I have this sales data in an Excel and I have this sales data in an Excel and I made a quick pivot chart to show that made a quick pivot chart to show that made a quick pivot chart to show that this is actually going to give us the this is actually going to give us the this is actually going to give us the right answers. So these are different right answers. So these are different right answers. So these are different products that have been sold and then products that have been sold and then products that have been sold and then this is how much money has been made this is how much money has been made this is how much money has been made from each of those products ranked in from each of those products ranked in from each of those products ranked in descending order. So basically these descending order. So basically these descending order. So basically these three were the most profitable products. three were the most profitable products. three were the most profitable products. So I'm going to ask the agent exactly So I'm going to ask the agent exactly So I'm going to ask the agent exactly that question. So I'm shooting off what that question. So I'm shooting off what that question. So I'm shooting off what are our three highest earning products? are our three highest earning products? are our three highest earning products? And once again it should be able to use And once again it should be able to use And once again it should be able to use its brain to make that SQL query. It its brain to make that SQL query. It its brain to make that SQL query. It just executed that function real quick. just executed that function real quick. just executed that function real quick. And now it probably won't even have to And now it probably won't even have to And now it probably won't even have to use the calculator tool like this one use the calculator tool like this one use the calculator tool like this one did over here because the SQL query that did over here because the SQL query that did over here because the SQL query that it's constructing is actually doing the it's constructing is actually doing the it's constructing is actually doing the math and the sorting and the math and the sorting and the math and the sorting and the summarization. Oh, I stand corrected. It summarization. Oh, I stand corrected. It summarization. Oh, I stand corrected. It actually did use the calculator tool. actually did use the calculator tool. actually did use the calculator tool. But that is typically a benefit of SQL But that is typically a benefit of SQL But that is typically a benefit of SQL queries is that it can do a lot of the queries is that it can do a lot of the queries is that it can do a lot of the math in the query itself. All right, so math in the query itself. All right, so math in the query itself. All right, so it ended up using the calculator four it ended up using the calculator four it ended up using the calculator four times. But let's just make sure that it times. But let's just make sure that it times. But let's just make sure that it got it right. So, it said that it ran got it right. So, it said that it ran got it right. So, it said that it ran the top three products by revenue and the top three products by revenue and the top three products by revenue and then it got total revenue by summing it then it got total revenue by summing it then it got total revenue by summing it all up. And its results were AI all up. And its results were AI all up. And its results were AI automation course 34.93 which is right automation course 34.93 which is right automation course 34.93 which is right here, consulting call 33383 here, consulting call 33383 here, consulting call 33383 right here, and then workflow template right here, and then workflow template right here, and then workflow template 1659 1659 1659 which is right there. And it also gave which is right there. And it also gave which is right there. And it also gave us percentages of our total revenue, us percentages of our total revenue, us percentages of our total revenue, which is pretty cool. You can also see which is pretty cool. You can also see which is pretty cool. You can also see it gave us some notes and assumptions it gave us some notes and assumptions it gave us some notes and assumptions and some suggested next steps. But I and some suggested next steps. But I and some suggested next steps. But I just wanted to prove to you guys that it just wanted to prove to you guys that it just wanted to prove to you guys that it was in fact making SQL queries. And if I was in fact making SQL queries. And if I was in fact making SQL queries. And if I click into here, what you can see is click into here, what you can see is click into here, what you can see is happening is we're having AI build that happening is we're having AI build that happening is we're having AI build that SQL query and it makes it right over SQL query and it makes it right over SQL query and it makes it right over here. And then it shoots that off to here. And then it shoots that off to here. And then it shoots that off to Postgress. So the first time it Postgress. So the first time it Postgress. So the first time it basically said I want to select basically said I want to select basically said I want to select products. I want to sum the total price products. I want to sum the total price products. I want to sum the total price as total revenue and I want to do this as total revenue and I want to do this as total revenue and I want to do this from the sales data table which if we go from the sales data table which if we go from the sales data table which if we go back into Subbase, you can see that's back into Subbase, you can see that's back into Subbase, you can see that's what it's called right here. Then it what it's called right here. Then it what it's called right here. Then it said, I want to group by product and I said, I want to group by product and I said, I want to group by product and I want to order by total revenue want to order by total revenue want to order by total revenue descending and I want to keep just three descending and I want to keep just three descending and I want to keep just three of them. So if you actually read through of them. So if you actually read through of them. So if you actually read through SQL queries in natural language, you can SQL queries in natural language, you can SQL queries in natural language, you can kind of understand what they're trying kind of understand what they're trying kind of understand what they're trying to do. So remember how I said it wasn't to do. So remember how I said it wasn't to do. So remember how I said it wasn't going to need to use the calculator. going to need to use the calculator. going to need to use the calculator. Well, the reason it used the calculator, Well, the reason it used the calculator, Well, the reason it used the calculator, which is pretty cool, it was doing math which is pretty cool, it was doing math which is pretty cool, it was doing math to figure out the percentages of all of to figure out the percentages of all of to figure out the percentages of all of them. So this was the first percentage, them. So this was the first percentage, them. So this was the first percentage, this was the second, and then after it this was the second, and then after it this was the second, and then after it got all three, it added those up and got all three, it added those up and got all three, it added those up and found the total percentage of our top found the total percentage of our top found the total percentage of our top three products. So basically our top three products. So basically our top three products. So basically our top three products account for 80% of all three products account for 80% of all three products account for 80% of all the revenue is what it found. So anyways the revenue is what it found. So anyways the revenue is what it found. So anyways hopefully you guys understand how the hopefully you guys understand how the hopefully you guys understand how the SQL queries work and when you would use SQL queries work and when you would use SQL queries work and when you would use it would be if you need totals, it would be if you need totals, it would be if you need totals, averages, rankings or trends, if the averages, rankings or trends, if the averages, rankings or trends, if the question involves many rows or if you question involves many rows or if you question involves many rows or if you need to combine or compare data. And it need to combine or compare data. And it need to combine or compare data. And it works well because these databases are works well because these databases are works well because these databases are built to do this type of work. They're built to do this type of work. They're built to do this type of work. They're much more reliable than having the AI much more reliable than having the AI much more reliable than having the AI look at all the rows or just set up a look at all the rows or just set up a look at all the rows or just set up a few basic filters. And it's still few basic filters. And it's still few basic filters. And it's still cheaper and more accurate than doing cheaper and more accurate than doing cheaper and more accurate than doing vector search for structured data. So vector search for structured data. So vector search for structured data. So the beginner rule of thumb here is if a the beginner rule of thumb here is if a the beginner rule of thumb here is if a human would use a pivot table or human would use a pivot table or human would use a pivot table or formulas, use SQL. Okay, so moving on to formulas, use SQL. Okay, so moving on to formulas, use SQL. Okay, so moving on to the full context method. So let's say we the full context method. So let's say we the full context method. So let's say we have these two documents that we want have these two documents that we want have these two documents that we want our agent to read. And typically we our agent to read. And typically we our agent to read. And typically we would just maybe chunk this up and throw would just maybe chunk this up and throw would just maybe chunk this up and throw it in a vector database. But we all know it in a vector database. But we all know it in a vector database. But we all know what could happen when you do that. So what could happen when you do that. So what could happen when you do that. So this method is just the idea that you this method is just the idea that you this method is just the idea that you let the agent read the entire document let the agent read the entire document let the agent read the entire document every time rather than just looking for every time rather than just looking for every time rather than just looking for a specific chunk that it needs. So right a specific chunk that it needs. So right a specific chunk that it needs. So right away, what are the pros and the cons? away, what are the pros and the cons? away, what are the pros and the cons? Well, the pro is that it gets full Well, the pro is that it gets full Well, the pro is that it gets full context and it will probably answer more context and it will probably answer more context and it will probably answer more accurately. The con is that it may take accurately. The con is that it may take accurately. The con is that it may take longer and it will be more expensive longer and it will be more expensive longer and it will be more expensive because it's processing more tokens. The because it's processing more tokens. The because it's processing more tokens. The other con is that you may run into a other con is that you may run into a other con is that you may run into a limit with the context window. But I limit with the context window. But I limit with the context window. But I will show you guys how many tokens we will show you guys how many tokens we will show you guys how many tokens we process here. And with the models every process here. And with the models every process here. And with the models every day getting more and more to but with day getting more and more to but with day getting more and more to but with the models every day increasing their the models every day increasing their the models every day increasing their context window limits, it is not too context window limits, it is not too context window limits, it is not too much of an issue at the moment. And of much of an issue at the moment. And of much of an issue at the moment. And of course, there's some cool things you can course, there's some cool things you can course, there's some cool things you can do with like hybrid context hybrid do with like hybrid context hybrid do with like hybrid context hybrid chunks. But either way, let's just get chunks. But either way, let's just get chunks. But either way, let's just get into the example. So here I have two into the example. So here I have two into the example. So here I have two YouTube video transcripts. I've got one YouTube video transcripts. I've got one YouTube video transcripts. I've got one called I built an agent in 2 hours and called I built an agent in 2 hours and called I built an agent in 2 hours and I've got the full transcript which is a I've got the full transcript which is a I've got the full transcript which is a five-page doc, four-page doc. And then five-page doc, four-page doc. And then five-page doc, four-page doc. And then I've got so you're building with AI now I've got so you're building with AI now I've got so you're building with AI now what? And this is also a 4 and a half what? And this is also a 4 and a half what? And this is also a 4 and a half page doc. So I'll show you how many page doc. So I'll show you how many page doc. So I'll show you how many tokens these things are once we run tokens these things are once we run tokens these things are once we run these examples. Okay. So I am asking these examples. Okay. So I am asking these examples. Okay. So I am asking this agent to give me a chronological this agent to give me a chronological this agent to give me a chronological breakdown of the agent in 2 hours video breakdown of the agent in 2 hours video breakdown of the agent in 2 hours video which if we did this in a chunk based which if we did this in a chunk based which if we did this in a chunk based retrieval method we would have to give retrieval method we would have to give retrieval method we would have to give it kind of like percentages or it kind of like percentages or it kind of like percentages or timestamps and things like that so it timestamps and things like that so it timestamps and things like that so it understood if it was looking at the understood if it was looking at the understood if it was looking at the whole video or not. But in this case whole video or not. But in this case whole video or not. But in this case it's simply just reading that entire it's simply just reading that entire it's simply just reading that entire transcript. So it gave us our opening transcript. So it gave us our opening transcript. So it gave us our opening hook, what I did, the text stack, the hook, what I did, the text stack, the hook, what I did, the text stack, the personal context, lead genen, sales personal context, lead genen, sales personal context, lead genen, sales moment, all of this stuff. And it did moment, all of this stuff. And it did moment, all of this stuff. And it did this in order because like I said it this in order because like I said it this in order because like I said it read the whole thing. And when we click read the whole thing. And when we click read the whole thing. And when we click on the AI agent, we can see that this on the AI agent, we can see that this on the AI agent, we can see that this only took 4,000 tokens out of GBT5 only took 4,000 tokens out of GBT5 only took 4,000 tokens out of GBT5 Mini's 400,000 context window limit. So Mini's 400,000 context window limit. So Mini's 400,000 context window limit. So that's one way that you can have full that's one way that you can have full that's one way that you can have full context is where you give them the tools context is where you give them the tools context is where you give them the tools to choose between because that way if I to choose between because that way if I to choose between because that way if I say I just want data from one video, it say I just want data from one video, it say I just want data from one video, it can choose just the one. If I say I want can choose just the one. If I say I want can choose just the one. If I say I want both, it can choose both. Or if we want both, it can choose both. Or if we want both, it can choose both. Or if we want to take away that flexibility, we could to take away that flexibility, we could to take away that flexibility, we could just put the full context in the prompt. just put the full context in the prompt. just put the full context in the prompt. So in this actual prompt, I said, hey, So in this actual prompt, I said, hey, So in this actual prompt, I said, hey, you have these two videos to choose you have these two videos to choose you have these two videos to choose from. So this is the first one. You're from. So this is the first one. You're from. So this is the first one. You're building with AI. Now what? And then if building with AI. Now what? And then if building with AI. Now what? And then if I scroll all the way down, I might have I scroll all the way down, I might have I scroll all the way down, I might have scrolled past it already. Here's the scrolled past it already. Here's the scrolled past it already. Here's the second one. So I built this agent in 2 second one. So I built this agent in 2 second one. So I built this agent in 2 hours. Blah blah blah. And so now it hours. Blah blah blah. And so now it hours. Blah blah blah. And so now it will read all of this context no matter will read all of this context no matter will read all of this context no matter what, which sometimes is great. But then what, which sometimes is great. But then what, which sometimes is great. But then of course the issue is if you don't need of course the issue is if you don't need of course the issue is if you don't need one of them or if you don't need either one of them or if you don't need either one of them or if you don't need either of them, it's going to process all those of them, it's going to process all those of them, it's going to process all those tokens every time, which will be more tokens every time, which will be more tokens every time, which will be more expensive. So let me just show you how expensive. So let me just show you how expensive. So let me just show you how many actual tokens that eats up. I'm many actual tokens that eats up. I'm many actual tokens that eats up. I'm just going to shoot off the same query just going to shoot off the same query just going to shoot off the same query and it should pretty much answer in the and it should pretty much answer in the and it should pretty much answer in the same way, but this time it will be same way, but this time it will be same way, but this time it will be probably double if not more than double probably double if not more than double probably double if not more than double the amount of tokens from the previous the amount of tokens from the previous the amount of tokens from the previous run. So what you'll notice is that was run. So what you'll notice is that was run. So what you'll notice is that was faster because it didn't have to call a faster because it didn't have to call a faster because it didn't have to call a tool, but of course 6577 tokens, which tool, but of course 6577 tokens, which tool, but of course 6577 tokens, which is more expensive than what we just did is more expensive than what we just did is more expensive than what we just did up above. And so this final method is up above. And so this final method is up above. And so this final method is pretty much the exact same thing, but pretty much the exact same thing, but pretty much the exact same thing, but it's a bit more flexible because what it's a bit more flexible because what it's a bit more flexible because what happens is in this system prompt, if you happens is in this system prompt, if you happens is in this system prompt, if you ever change those, you know, sources of ever change those, you know, sources of ever change those, you know, sources of truth, you'd have to come change it in truth, you'd have to come change it in truth, you'd have to come change it in the agent. But what you could do is you the agent. But what you could do is you the agent. But what you could do is you could have those be fed in dynamically could have those be fed in dynamically could have those be fed in dynamically every time where basically every time we every time where basically every time we every time where basically every time we ask this agent a question, it will pull ask this agent a question, it will pull ask this agent a question, it will pull in the first doc, it will pull in the in the first doc, it will pull in the in the first doc, it will pull in the second doc, and then it feeds them into second doc, and then it feeds them into second doc, and then it feeds them into the agent as variables. So here you can the agent as variables. So here you can the agent as variables. So here you can see I basically just have these dynamic see I basically just have these dynamic see I basically just have these dynamic variables, but every time it will be variables, but every time it will be variables, but every time it will be looking at the content of the doc. So looking at the content of the doc. So looking at the content of the doc. So that's another way that you could do the that's another way that you could do the that's another way that you could do the system prompt method. It doesn't make it system prompt method. It doesn't make it system prompt method. It doesn't make it any cheaper or more expensive than this any cheaper or more expensive than this any cheaper or more expensive than this method, but it does make it more dynamic method, but it does make it more dynamic method, but it does make it more dynamic and more flexible. So when would you and more flexible. So when would you and more flexible. So when would you want to take the full context retrieval want to take the full context retrieval want to take the full context retrieval method when you need summaries, method when you need summaries, method when you need summaries, timelines, or step-by-step explanations? timelines, or step-by-step explanations? timelines, or step-by-step explanations? If the order of the information really If the order of the information really If the order of the information really does matter, or if the data set is small does matter, or if the data set is small does matter, or if the data set is small enough to just fit in the model, then enough to just fit in the model, then enough to just fit in the model, then just chuck it in there. This is actually just chuck it in there. This is actually just chuck it in there. This is actually what I did in the agentic arena if you what I did in the agentic arena if you what I did in the agentic arena if you guys saw that for the rag challenge. I guys saw that for the rag challenge. I guys saw that for the rag challenge. I ended up just taking all the PDFs and ended up just taking all the PDFs and ended up just taking all the PDFs and just jamming it into the system prompt just jamming it into the system prompt just jamming it into the system prompt of the AI agent, especially cuz we were of the AI agent, especially cuz we were of the AI agent, especially cuz we were on like a time crunch. But it does work, on like a time crunch. But it does work, on like a time crunch. But it does work, especially with these models getting especially with these models getting especially with these models getting better and better at finding the needle better and better at finding the needle better and better at finding the needle in the haststack where they have tons of in the haststack where they have tons of in the haststack where they have tons of tons of text to look through. They can tons of text to look through. They can tons of text to look through. They can still find exactly what they're looking still find exactly what they're looking still find exactly what they're looking for. So the beginner rule of thumb here for. So the beginner rule of thumb here for. So the beginner rule of thumb here is if a human would read the whole is if a human would read the whole is if a human would read the whole document before answering, then you document before answering, then you document before answering, then you should have the agent read the full should have the agent read the full should have the agent read the full document before answering. So, like if a document before answering. So, like if a document before answering. So, like if a human's onboarding someone, they would human's onboarding someone, they would human's onboarding someone, they would need to read all of the process. But if need to read all of the process. But if need to read all of the process. But if a human's answering a support question a human's answering a support question a human's answering a support question and they can just find one FAQ out of and they can just find one FAQ out of and they can just find one FAQ out of the 100, they only need to look at that the 100, they only need to look at that the 100, they only need to look at that one FAQ. And that segus nice into the one FAQ. And that segus nice into the one FAQ. And that segus nice into the final one of course, which is our final one of course, which is our final one of course, which is our chunkbased retrieval with vector search. chunkbased retrieval with vector search. chunkbased retrieval with vector search. And so what I already did is I put these And so what I already did is I put these And so what I already did is I put these two documents, the same ones we were two documents, the same ones we were two documents, the same ones we were just looking at over here, into just looking at over here, into just looking at over here, into Superbase. As you can see here, these Superbase. As you can see here, these Superbase. As you can see here, these are our vectors from those two are our vectors from those two are our vectors from those two transcripts. And now we're going to talk transcripts. And now we're going to talk transcripts. And now we're going to talk to the agent and we're going to see to the agent and we're going to see to the agent and we're going to see basically the difference in the way that basically the difference in the way that basically the difference in the way that it responds, but also how much cheaper it responds, but also how much cheaper it responds, but also how much cheaper and faster it is. So if I first of all and faster it is. So if I first of all and faster it is. So if I first of all ask it that same question, which was ask it that same question, which was ask it that same question, which was give me a chronological breakdown of the give me a chronological breakdown of the give me a chronological breakdown of the agent in 2 hours video, we're going to agent in 2 hours video, we're going to agent in 2 hours video, we're going to notice that it's faster and cheaper, but notice that it's faster and cheaper, but notice that it's faster and cheaper, but we're also of course going to notice we're also of course going to notice we're also of course going to notice that it's not as accurate because it that it's not as accurate because it that it's not as accurate because it doesn't understand order right now. So doesn't understand order right now. So doesn't understand order right now. So you can see that it found the intro and you can see that it found the intro and you can see that it found the intro and the hook. It found what the agent the hook. It found what the agent the hook. It found what the agent actually was, why someone paid, and then actually was, why someone paid, and then actually was, why someone paid, and then I walk through the solution, case study, I walk through the solution, case study, I walk through the solution, case study, things like that. And so, it does a things like that. And so, it does a things like that. And so, it does a decent job at using its AI brain to decent job at using its AI brain to decent job at using its AI brain to understand, okay, I have these amount of understand, okay, I have these amount of understand, okay, I have these amount of chunks that came back. Now, I can put chunks that came back. Now, I can put chunks that came back. Now, I can put them in order that I think makes sense. them in order that I think makes sense. them in order that I think makes sense. We could also play with this by doing We could also play with this by doing We could also play with this by doing things like increasing the limit. So, things like increasing the limit. So, things like increasing the limit. So, instead of just giving it four chunks to instead of just giving it four chunks to instead of just giving it four chunks to pull back, we could tell it to pull back pull back, we could tell it to pull back pull back, we could tell it to pull back 20, which would help. But the thing that 20, which would help. But the thing that 20, which would help. But the thing that I wanted you guys to pay attention to I wanted you guys to pay attention to I wanted you guys to pay attention to here was this agent only took 2600 here was this agent only took 2600 here was this agent only took 2600 tokens, which is at this point about tokens, which is at this point about tokens, which is at this point about half of what it did earlier when it read half of what it did earlier when it read half of what it did earlier when it read the full context. But keep in mind that the full context. But keep in mind that the full context. But keep in mind that gap would exponentially become greater gap would exponentially become greater gap would exponentially become greater when we have more and more data in the when we have more and more data in the when we have more and more data in the actual database. So anyways, like I said actual database. So anyways, like I said actual database. So anyways, like I said earlier, this all kind of comes back to earlier, this all kind of comes back to earlier, this all kind of comes back to the idea of context engineering. And the idea of context engineering. And the idea of context engineering. And it's just super super important to think it's just super super important to think it's just super super important to think about these different five things which about these different five things which about these different five things which are beginning with the end in mind, are beginning with the end in mind, are beginning with the end in mind, designing your data pipeline, ensuring designing your data pipeline, ensuring designing your data pipeline, ensuring data accuracy, optimizing context data accuracy, optimizing context data accuracy, optimizing context windows, and embracing AI windows, and embracing AI windows, and embracing AI specialization. So I'm not going to read specialization. So I'm not going to read specialization. So I'm not going to read all of that out right now. I don't want all of that out right now. I don't want all of that out right now. I don't want this video to go too long. But if you're this video to go too long. But if you're this video to go too long. But if you're interested in diving deeper into context interested in diving deeper into context interested in diving deeper into context engineering, and it's a super important engineering, and it's a super important engineering, and it's a super important thing to understand because AI is only thing to understand because AI is only thing to understand because AI is only as smart as the context and the data as smart as the context and the data as smart as the context and the data that you give it, then definitely check that you give it, then definitely check that you give it, then definitely check out my plus community. The link for that out my plus community. The link for that out my plus community. The link for that is down in the description. We've got is down in the description. We've got is down in the description. We've got over 3,000 members in here who are over 3,000 members in here who are over 3,000 members in here who are building with NAND every day and building with NAND every day and building with NAND every day and building businesses with NAND every day. building businesses with NAND every day. building businesses with NAND every day. We also have courses in here. We've got We also have courses in here. We've got We also have courses in here. We've got agent zero 10 hours to 10 seconds, one agent zero 10 hours to 10 seconds, one agent zero 10 hours to 10 seconds, one person AI agency, subs to sales, and person AI agency, subs to sales, and person AI agency, subs to sales, and we've got tons of niten projects in here we've got tons of niten projects in here we've got tons of niten projects in here which are just like live step-by-step which are just like live step-by-step which are just like live step-by-step projects that you can replicate for projects that you can replicate for projects that you can replicate for yourself. I also do one live Q&amp;A every yourself. I also do one live Q&amp;A every yourself. I also do one live Q&amp;A every week, which are super fun. So, I'd love week, which are super fun. So, I'd love week, which are super fun. So, I'd love to see you guys in those calls in the to see you guys in those calls in the to see you guys in those calls in the community. But that's going to do it for community. But that's going to do it for community. But that's going to do it for today. So, if you enjoyed or you learned today. So, if you enjoyed or you learned today. So, if you enjoyed or you learned something new, please give it a like. It something new, please give it a like. It something new, please give it a like. It definitely helps me out a ton. And as definitely helps me out a ton. And as definitely helps me out a ton. And as always, I appreciate you guys making it always, I appreciate you guys making it always, I appreciate you guys making it to the end of the video. I'll see you on to the end of the video. I'll see you on to the end of the video. I'll see you on the next one.
