Welcome everyone. So this is the latest Welcome everyone. So this is the latest Welcome everyone. So this is the latest episode of the Vernon Richard Show. In episode of the Vernon Richard Show. In episode of the Vernon Richard Show. In this episode, um, inspired by some this episode, um, inspired by some this episode, um, inspired by some craziness that happened in production to craziness that happened in production to craziness that happened in production to somebody doing some vibe coding with somebody doing some vibe coding with somebody doing some vibe coding with Replet. This sounds like I'm taking Replet. This sounds like I'm taking Replet. This sounds like I'm taking shots at Replet. I'm not taking shots at shots at Replet. I'm not taking shots at shots at Replet. I'm not taking shots at Replet. Um, but that adventure that this Replet. Um, but that adventure that this Replet. Um, but that adventure that this person went on, we started to talk about person went on, we started to talk about person went on, we started to talk about some adventures that Rich has had um some adventures that Rich has had um some adventures that Rich has had um about his uh his PC and whatever weird about his uh his PC and whatever weird about his uh his PC and whatever weird stuff it was doing in production. And we stuff it was doing in production. And we stuff it was doing in production. And we started talking around um how to use started talking around um how to use started talking around um how to use these tools. What what how has his these tools. What what how has his these tools. What what how has his understanding of agents and agentic understanding of agents and agentic understanding of agents and agentic technology? How was it evolved? How was technology? How was it evolved? How was technology? How was it evolved? How was he using it? What was he doing? He's he using it? What was he doing? He's he using it? What was he doing? He's come up with some little um some come up with some little um some come up with some little um some learnings. He's come up with those. Um learnings. He's come up with those. Um learnings. He's come up with those. Um he still knows absolutely [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all about he still knows absolutely [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all about he still knows absolutely [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all about Star Trek, which is a disgrace. Star Trek, which is a disgrace. Star Trek, which is a disgrace. I'm working on him, people. I'm working I'm working on him, people. I'm working I'm working on him, people. I'm working on him. Uh, but it's a good episode, on him. Uh, but it's a good episode, on him. Uh, but it's a good episode, man. It's uh it's it's it's a lot of man. It's uh it's it's it's a lot of man. It's uh it's it's it's a lot of Richard um talking. Please stay. It's Richard um talking. Please stay. It's Richard um talking. Please stay. It's good talking. good talking. good talking. Um Um Um and me trying to keep up with what he's and me trying to keep up with what he's and me trying to keep up with what he's doing. So yeah, enjoy that and uh let us doing. So yeah, enjoy that and uh let us doing. So yeah, enjoy that and uh let us know what you think the end of the show. Greetings and welcome to Greetings and Greetings and welcome to Greetings and Greetings and welcome to Greetings and welcome to the latest episode of the welcome to the latest episode of the welcome to the latest episode of the Vernon Richard Show. Vernon Richard Show. Vernon Richard Show. Uh, we're back with another episode. How Uh, we're back with another episode. How Uh, we're back with another episode. How you doing, Rich? How are you? How How you doing, Rich? How are you? How How you doing, Rich? How are you? How How are you? How is life? Are you well? are you? How is life? Are you well? are you? How is life? Are you well? &gt;&gt; I'm all right. Yeah, we're been trying &gt;&gt; I'm all right. Yeah, we're been trying &gt;&gt; I'm all right. Yeah, we're been trying to do more work on the garden when the to do more work on the garden when the to do more work on the garden when the weather's been allowing me. Um, no one's weather's been allowing me. Um, no one's weather's been allowing me. Um, no one's really I don't I've not really shared really I don't I've not really shared really I don't I've not really shared too many updates, but if you follow me too many updates, but if you follow me too many updates, but if you follow me on Instagram, you'll know that I've been on Instagram, you'll know that I've been on Instagram, you'll know that I've been tackling a tree stump and I finally got tackling a tree stump and I finally got tackling a tree stump and I finally got that tree stump out of the ground. that tree stump out of the ground. that tree stump out of the ground. &gt;&gt; Um, which was made me incredibly happy. &gt;&gt; Um, which was made me incredibly happy. &gt;&gt; Um, which was made me incredibly happy. &gt;&gt; Apart from that, Yeah. Yeah, &gt;&gt; Apart from that, Yeah. Yeah, &gt;&gt; Apart from that, Yeah. Yeah, &gt;&gt; exactly. Exactly. I was so so happy. Um &gt;&gt; exactly. Exactly. I was so so happy. Um &gt;&gt; exactly. Exactly. I was so so happy. Um and my neighbor came up trumps with um I and my neighbor came up trumps with um I and my neighbor came up trumps with um I was going to buy like a what's it was going to buy like a what's it was going to buy like a what's it called? A hand pulley to basically kind called? A hand pulley to basically kind called? A hand pulley to basically kind get some leverage. And I asked him if he get some leverage. And I asked him if he get some leverage. And I asked him if he had one and he had this really old had one and he had this really old had one and he had this really old metal, you know, like like like a tool metal, you know, like like like a tool metal, you know, like like like a tool that will never break, you know, like that will never break, you know, like that will never break, you know, like how they used to be built. And he handed how they used to be built. And he handed how they used to be built. And he handed it to me and he was like, I've got this it to me and he was like, I've got this it to me and he was like, I've got this version. And I was like, the one I saw version. And I was like, the one I saw version. And I was like, the one I saw was like a nice little plastic metal was like a nice little plastic metal was like a nice little plastic metal thing. and he gave me this like cast thing. and he gave me this like cast thing. and he gave me this like cast iron beast and it did it was amazing. iron beast and it did it was amazing. iron beast and it did it was amazing. &gt;&gt; It worked flawlessly. So, &gt;&gt; It worked flawlessly. So, &gt;&gt; It worked flawlessly. So, &gt;&gt; see, I'm I'm I'm a nerd. Okay, so two &gt;&gt; see, I'm I'm I'm a nerd. Okay, so two &gt;&gt; see, I'm I'm I'm a nerd. Okay, so two things sprung to mind just then. One, I things sprung to mind just then. One, I things sprung to mind just then. One, I wouldn't be tackling any kind of task wouldn't be tackling any kind of task wouldn't be tackling any kind of task that would require me to ask for a that would require me to ask for a that would require me to ask for a pulley, right? I don't even know why I pulley, right? I don't even know why I pulley, right? I don't even know why I would need a pulley, let much, you know, would need a pulley, let much, you know, would need a pulley, let much, you know, much less ask for one. And then the much less ask for one. And then the much less ask for one. And then the second thing is I don't think I've ever second thing is I don't think I've ever second thing is I don't think I've ever lived anywhere where if I asked my lived anywhere where if I asked my lived anywhere where if I asked my neighbor for a pulley, they would say neighbor for a pulley, they would say neighbor for a pulley, they would say yes, you can use mine. yes, you can use mine. yes, you can use mine. &gt;&gt; Well, for context here, &gt;&gt; Well, for context here, &gt;&gt; Well, for context here, &gt;&gt; for context, my neighbor um is um he's a &gt;&gt; for context, my neighbor um is um he's a &gt;&gt; for context, my neighbor um is um he's a metal worker, so he basically he works metal worker, so he basically he works metal worker, so he basically he works from his garage, so his garage is always from his garage, so his garage is always from his garage, so his garage is always open and he's basically welding and open and he's basically welding and open and he's basically welding and building stuff and whatever. So I've building stuff and whatever. So I've building stuff and whatever. So I've &gt;&gt; up. &gt;&gt; up. &gt;&gt; up. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I've always been curious and a &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I've always been curious and a &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I've always been curious and a few times I've asked him for things. So, few times I've asked him for things. So, few times I've asked him for things. So, in the garden I'm going to need some in the garden I'm going to need some in the garden I'm going to need some steel RSJs. And I think that was the steel RSJs. And I think that was the steel RSJs. And I think that was the first time I really spoke to him. I was first time I really spoke to him. I was first time I really spoke to him. I was like, "Hey, can you can you make these?" like, "Hey, can you can you make these?" like, "Hey, can you can you make these?" &gt;&gt; And he was like, &gt;&gt; And he was like, &gt;&gt; And he was like, &gt;&gt; I could, but it would cost too much. Um, &gt;&gt; I could, but it would cost too much. Um, &gt;&gt; I could, but it would cost too much. Um, so so so &gt;&gt; I know what you mean. It's it's a &gt;&gt; I know what you mean. It's it's a &gt;&gt; I know what you mean. It's it's a nightmare when you need to steal RSJ. nightmare when you need to steal RSJ. nightmare when you need to steal RSJ. What are you What are you talking about? What are you What are you talking about? What are you What are you talking about? What are you talking about, Richard? I What are you talking about, Richard? I What are you talking about, Richard? I am a nerd. I did not use my am a nerd. I did not use my am a nerd. I did not use my &gt;&gt; Well, let me let me tell you what Let me &gt;&gt; Well, let me let me tell you what Let me &gt;&gt; Well, let me let me tell you what Let me tell you what happened with the stump tell you what happened with the stump tell you what happened with the stump then cuz no one's going to care and we then cuz no one's going to care and we then cuz no one's going to care and we can we can let people skip in the uh can we can let people skip in the uh can we can let people skip in the uh they can skip to the testing bit, right? they can skip to the testing bit, right? they can skip to the testing bit, right? So, So, So, &gt;&gt; everything will be chaptered up so you &gt;&gt; everything will be chaptered up so you &gt;&gt; everything will be chaptered up so you can just get past it. can just get past it. can just get past it. &gt;&gt; So, to get to get a stump out of the &gt;&gt; So, to get to get a stump out of the &gt;&gt; So, to get to get a stump out of the ground, right? And this was a big stump. ground, right? And this was a big stump. ground, right? And this was a big stump. You have to basically dig around the You have to basically dig around the You have to basically dig around the stump and cut any roots that you come stump and cut any roots that you come stump and cut any roots that you come across and then keep digging. And then across and then keep digging. And then across and then keep digging. And then once you've got all around it, you then once you've got all around it, you then once you've got all around it, you then have to dig like basically under it and have to dig like basically under it and have to dig like basically under it and start chipping away because obviously start chipping away because obviously start chipping away because obviously the soil's so compressed as the roots the soil's so compressed as the roots the soil's so compressed as the roots have grown around it. have grown around it. have grown around it. &gt;&gt; But then you get to the point where &gt;&gt; But then you get to the point where &gt;&gt; But then you get to the point where you've dug around it, but you can't move you've dug around it, but you can't move you've dug around it, but you can't move it cuz it's so heavy it cuz it's so heavy it cuz it's so heavy &gt;&gt; and like difficult to get leverage. So, &gt;&gt; and like difficult to get leverage. So, &gt;&gt; and like difficult to get leverage. So, &gt;&gt; basically, you either get a massive long &gt;&gt; basically, you either get a massive long &gt;&gt; basically, you either get a massive long steel metal bar that you kind of wedge steel metal bar that you kind of wedge steel metal bar that you kind of wedge under it and kind of pry it under it and kind of pry it under it and kind of pry it &gt;&gt; or the internet was suggesting to me &gt;&gt; or the internet was suggesting to me &gt;&gt; or the internet was suggesting to me that you get a pulley and some straps, that you get a pulley and some straps, that you get a pulley and some straps, tie the pulley to a nearby tree, and tie the pulley to a nearby tree, and tie the pulley to a nearby tree, and then basically one of those like ratchet then basically one of those like ratchet then basically one of those like ratchet kind of pulleys, kind of pulleys, kind of pulleys, &gt;&gt; one of them, and then basically pull the &gt;&gt; one of them, and then basically pull the &gt;&gt; one of them, and then basically pull the tree towards you or the stump. So as it tree towards you or the stump. So as it tree towards you or the stump. So as it pulls towards you, anything any of the pulls towards you, anything any of the pulls towards you, anything any of the roots that you can't get to start to roots that you can't get to start to roots that you can't get to start to snap or start to reveal themselves and snap or start to reveal themselves and snap or start to reveal themselves and then you chop it away and then you keep then you chop it away and then you keep then you chop it away and then you keep doing that. So doing that. So doing that. So &gt;&gt; that's what I did and it worked. &gt;&gt; that's what I did and it worked. &gt;&gt; that's what I did and it worked. &gt;&gt; Where are the straps? &gt;&gt; Where are the straps? &gt;&gt; Where are the straps? &gt;&gt; They just just go around the stump. &gt;&gt; They just just go around the stump. &gt;&gt; They just just go around the stump. &gt;&gt; They go around it this way. &gt;&gt; They go around it this way. &gt;&gt; They go around it this way. &gt;&gt; They go around the stump and then it &gt;&gt; They go around the stump and then it &gt;&gt; They go around the stump and then it goes off towards the pulley. And then goes off towards the pulley. And then goes off towards the pulley. And then the other end of the pulley, you strap the other end of the pulley, you strap the other end of the pulley, you strap it to an anchor or a tree or fence post, it to an anchor or a tree or fence post, it to an anchor or a tree or fence post, whatever. whatever. whatever. &gt;&gt; And then you start tightening. So, two &gt;&gt; And then you start tightening. So, two &gt;&gt; And then you start tightening. So, two one of two things is going to happen, one of two things is going to happen, one of two things is going to happen, right? right? right? &gt;&gt; The thing you tie the thing you tie it &gt;&gt; The thing you tie the thing you tie it &gt;&gt; The thing you tie the thing you tie it tore tore tore &gt;&gt; is is going to fall on your head &gt;&gt; is is going to fall on your head &gt;&gt; is is going to fall on your head &gt;&gt; or the stump's going to come out the &gt;&gt; or the stump's going to come out the &gt;&gt; or the stump's going to come out the ground. ground. ground. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And in my case, the stump came out of &gt;&gt; And in my case, the stump came out of &gt;&gt; And in my case, the stump came out of the ground cuz I've done so much digging the ground cuz I've done so much digging the ground cuz I've done so much digging around it. Um but yeah, that's now around it. Um but yeah, that's now around it. Um but yeah, that's now amazing because amazing because amazing because um the fence got knocked down by the um the fence got knocked down by the um the fence got knocked down by the tree that was there and then the the guy tree that was there and then the the guy tree that was there and then the the guy who lived there before me decided to who lived there before me decided to who lived there before me decided to donate the tree to the neighbor by donate the tree to the neighbor by donate the tree to the neighbor by building the fence in front of the tree building the fence in front of the tree building the fence in front of the tree now and basically giving away a couple now and basically giving away a couple now and basically giving away a couple of meters of my garden. So I've when I of meters of my garden. So I've when I of meters of my garden. So I've when I learned that I thought you know what I'm learned that I thought you know what I'm learned that I thought you know what I'm going to get that tree out get a nice going to get that tree out get a nice going to get that tree out get a nice straight fence instead and obviously straight fence instead and obviously straight fence instead and obviously reclaim that couple of meters of my reclaim that couple of meters of my reclaim that couple of meters of my garden. Is that going to cause any garden. Is that going to cause any garden. Is that going to cause any issues with the neighbor who thinks issues with the neighbor who thinks issues with the neighbor who thinks they've got free? they've got free? they've got free? &gt;&gt; No, the neighbor asked me to do it. Oh, &gt;&gt; No, the neighbor asked me to do it. Oh, &gt;&gt; No, the neighbor asked me to do it. Oh, neighbor said and gave me permission to neighbor said and gave me permission to neighbor said and gave me permission to do it. She's like, "It's great." Cuz to do it. She's like, "It's great." Cuz to do it. She's like, "It's great." Cuz to her, that corner was never hers. And her, that corner was never hers. And her, that corner was never hers. And also in the corner that she got given is also in the corner that she got given is also in the corner that she got given is just a massive tree stump. So there's just a massive tree stump. So there's just a massive tree stump. So there's nothing she can do with it, nothing she can do with it, nothing she can do with it, &gt;&gt; right? Okay. So you've taken a tree &gt;&gt; right? Okay. So you've taken a tree &gt;&gt; right? Okay. So you've taken a tree stump out. You've reclaimed your ground, stump out. You've reclaimed your ground, stump out. You've reclaimed your ground, your land. your land. your land. &gt;&gt; Well, not quite yet. Back in yet. &gt;&gt; Well, not quite yet. Back in yet. &gt;&gt; Well, not quite yet. Back in yet. &gt;&gt; Yeah, she's happy cuz she'll get a fence &gt;&gt; Yeah, she's happy cuz she'll get a fence &gt;&gt; Yeah, she's happy cuz she'll get a fence back. Apart from she's got the tree back. Apart from she's got the tree back. Apart from she's got the tree stump because stump because stump because if I put it into my garden, I've already if I put it into my garden, I've already if I put it into my garden, I've already built where my patio goes and I couldn't built where my patio goes and I couldn't built where my patio goes and I couldn't get the tree stump out because I can't get the tree stump out because I can't get the tree stump out because I can't lift it. It's too heavy. So, I went back lift it. It's too heavy. So, I went back lift it. It's too heavy. So, I went back around there. I said, "Can I roll it around there. I said, "Can I roll it around there. I said, "Can I roll it into your garden and I promise you I into your garden and I promise you I into your garden and I promise you I will come and chop it up at some point will come and chop it up at some point will come and chop it up at some point once it's rotted a bit." And she was once it's rotted a bit." And she was once it's rotted a bit." And she was like, "Yeah, sure. Happy days." So, like, "Yeah, sure. Happy days." So, like, "Yeah, sure. Happy days." So, anyway, that's what I've been doing. anyway, that's what I've been doing. anyway, that's what I've been doing. Long answer. Long answer. Long answer. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, that tree stump is &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, that tree stump is &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, that tree stump is now hers. She doesn't know it yet. She's quite nice. So, I think I'll I'll She's quite nice. So, I think I'll I'll She's quite nice. So, I think I'll I'll definitely deal with it. Um, but yeah, definitely deal with it. Um, but yeah, definitely deal with it. Um, but yeah, so that's what I've been up to, mate. A so that's what I've been up to, mate. A so that's what I've been up to, mate. A very long answer there, but one thing I very long answer there, but one thing I very long answer there, but one thing I will say about, you know, in the will say about, you know, in the will say about, you know, in the transition into testing, as you know, I transition into testing, as you know, I transition into testing, as you know, I love my DIY, but like I definitely need love my DIY, but like I definitely need love my DIY, but like I definitely need to do it. We need to do an episode about to do it. We need to do an episode about to do it. We need to do an episode about tools. The amount of tools tools. The amount of tools tools. The amount of tools &gt;&gt; I was just thinking &gt;&gt; I was just thinking &gt;&gt; I was just thinking &gt;&gt; I've had to learn and use and buy. &gt;&gt; I've had to learn and use and buy. &gt;&gt; I've had to learn and use and buy. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we do. We need to do it. I was &gt;&gt; Yeah, we do. We need to do it. I was &gt;&gt; Yeah, we do. We need to do it. I was thinking the same thing when you telling thinking the same thing when you telling thinking the same thing when you telling that story. that story. that story. &gt;&gt; I've got I've got eight spades, mate. &gt;&gt; I've got I've got eight spades, mate. &gt;&gt; I've got I've got eight spades, mate. I've got eight spades. Who needs eight I've got eight spades. Who needs eight I've got eight spades. Who needs eight spades? spades? spades? &gt;&gt; You clearly. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Anyway, &gt;&gt; Yeah. Anyway, &gt;&gt; Yeah. Anyway, &gt;&gt; okay. Welcome back to the Vern and &gt;&gt; okay. Welcome back to the Vern and &gt;&gt; okay. Welcome back to the Vern and Richard Show, everyone. Uh I am well. Richard Show, everyone. Uh I am well. Richard Show, everyone. Uh I am well. We're now going to get into the actual We're now going to get into the actual We're now going to get into the actual show. I'm all right. I'm good, man. I'm show. I'm all right. I'm good, man. I'm show. I'm all right. I'm good, man. I'm I'm I'm um I'm I'm um I'm I'm um &gt;&gt; uh we're hiring and it feels like we've &gt;&gt; uh we're hiring and it feels like we've &gt;&gt; uh we're hiring and it feels like we've we we're getting closer. So, that's we we're getting closer. So, that's we we're getting closer. So, that's that's amazing. filled that's amazing. filled that's amazing. filled &gt;&gt; those poor people &gt;&gt; those poor people &gt;&gt; those poor people &gt;&gt; being start in September. &gt;&gt; being start in September. &gt;&gt; being start in September. Bloody hell, that's an outrageous com. Bloody hell, that's an outrageous com. Bloody hell, that's an outrageous com. You see friendly friendly my ass is You see friendly friendly my ass is You see friendly friendly my ass is back. So yeah, we got we filled one back. So yeah, we got we filled one back. So yeah, we got we filled one position. They're starting in September. position. They're starting in September. position. They're starting in September. As things happen in companies, you know, As things happen in companies, you know, As things happen in companies, you know, some there was a a need arose seemingly some there was a a need arose seemingly some there was a a need arose seemingly out of nowhere just quite quickly. out of nowhere just quite quickly. out of nowhere just quite quickly. Managed to fill that get jiggle the Managed to fill that get jiggle the Managed to fill that get jiggle the teams around to create some space for teams around to create some space for teams around to create some space for someone to go into that team. That's someone to go into that team. That's someone to go into that team. That's brilliant. And then there's another open brilliant. And then there's another open brilliant. And then there's another open position. position. position. Um was uh my my former teammate now. He Um was uh my my former teammate now. He Um was uh my my former teammate now. He who's had his last day on Monday. Sad who's had his last day on Monday. Sad who's had his last day on Monday. Sad times. He's awesome. Shout out to you, times. He's awesome. Shout out to you, times. He's awesome. Shout out to you, Shay. He has left. He's off to pass just Shay. He has left. He's off to pass just Shay. He has left. He's off to pass just new. new. new. &gt;&gt; Uh but we are looking for a placement &gt;&gt; Uh but we are looking for a placement &gt;&gt; Uh but we are looking for a placement and we uh we've got some promising h and we uh we've got some promising h and we uh we've got some promising h we're looking for a placement lead and we're looking for a placement lead and we're looking for a placement lead and we've got some promising leads. we've got some promising leads. we've got some promising leads. So, you're not you're not planning on So, you're not you're not planning on So, you're not you're not planning on replacing your people with agents, AI replacing your people with agents, AI replacing your people with agents, AI agents. You're sticking with humans for agents. You're sticking with humans for agents. You're sticking with humans for a while a while a while &gt;&gt; with that smooth segue. No, I will not &gt;&gt; with that smooth segue. No, I will not &gt;&gt; with that smooth segue. No, I will not be replacing them with agents, Richard. be replacing them with agents, Richard. be replacing them with agents, Richard. But, uh, what's our topic this week? But, uh, what's our topic this week? But, uh, what's our topic this week? &gt;&gt; We wanted to talk about agents, right? &gt;&gt; We wanted to talk about agents, right? &gt;&gt; We wanted to talk about agents, right? So, I've been I did a blog blog post. I So, I've been I did a blog blog post. I So, I've been I did a blog blog post. I don't do blog posts anymore. I did a don't do blog posts anymore. I did a don't do blog posts anymore. I did a LinkedIn post um about my some of my LinkedIn post um about my some of my LinkedIn post um about my some of my successes in the last few weeks because successes in the last few weeks because successes in the last few weeks because I've been building a PC at work um using I've been building a PC at work um using I've been building a PC at work um using agents uh well not using agents sorry agents uh well not using agents sorry agents uh well not using agents sorry the PC uses AI but I've been using the PC uses AI but I've been using the PC uses AI but I've been using agents to help me build it and it's been agents to help me build it and it's been agents to help me build it and it's been going pretty well I would say but then going pretty well I would say but then going pretty well I would say but then you shared an LinkedIn story um I think you shared an LinkedIn story um I think you shared an LinkedIn story um I think it was was it replet the tool in it was was it replet the tool in it was was it replet the tool in question yes I is it is it replet or question yes I is it is it replet or question yes I is it is it replet or replet or replete or I don't know. replet or replete or I don't know. replet or replete or I don't know. &gt;&gt; Um, I would go replet as in repository &gt;&gt; Um, I would go replet as in repository &gt;&gt; Um, I would go replet as in repository and and and &gt;&gt; licked. I don't know though. &gt;&gt; licked. I don't know though. &gt;&gt; licked. I don't know though. &gt;&gt; But, &gt;&gt; But, &gt;&gt; But, &gt;&gt; um, but yeah, and that someone deleted &gt;&gt; um, but yeah, and that someone deleted &gt;&gt; um, but yeah, and that someone deleted it deleted someone's production DB, it deleted someone's production DB, it deleted someone's production DB, which is crazy. which is crazy. which is crazy. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Kelly Kenny Vaughn, I found this &gt;&gt; Yeah. Kelly Kenny Vaughn, I found this &gt;&gt; Yeah. Kelly Kenny Vaughn, I found this uh um post where she was sharing this uh um post where she was sharing this uh um post where she was sharing this story of a dude called what's his name? story of a dude called what's his name? story of a dude called what's his name? Oh, where did he he he he worked Oh, where did he he he he worked Oh, where did he he he he worked somewhere cool. Hold on. I need to get somewhere cool. Hold on. I need to get somewhere cool. Hold on. I need to get the uh Yeah, but he in his in his the uh Yeah, but he in his in his the uh Yeah, but he in his in his profile he says he used to work at such profile he says he used to work at such profile he says he used to work at such and such and that caught my attention. and such and that caught my attention. and such and that caught my attention. Where is it? Oh, Jason Dobby sign. No, Where is it? Oh, Jason Dobby sign. No, Where is it? Oh, Jason Dobby sign. No, that's not it. Anyway, anyway, whoever that's not it. Anyway, anyway, whoever that's not it. Anyway, anyway, whoever this guy is, he was coding, doing some this guy is, he was coding, doing some this guy is, he was coding, doing some vibe coding. Um, I'll put all these vibe coding. Um, I'll put all these vibe coding. Um, I'll put all these links into the show notes. And he was uh links into the show notes. And he was uh links into the show notes. And he was uh vibe coding. He's sharing his his daily vibe coding. He's sharing his his daily vibe coding. He's sharing his his daily progress and his daily updates. progress and his daily updates. progress and his daily updates. Um, and essentially what happened is Um, and essentially what happened is Um, and essentially what happened is the the the what what do you call it? The the what what do you call it? The the what what do you call it? The the assistant, the coding, the AI coding assistant, the coding, the AI coding assistant, the coding, the AI coding assistant decided to do its own thing, assistant decided to do its own thing, assistant decided to do its own thing, delete his database, pretend he that it delete his database, pretend he that it delete his database, pretend he that it hadn't deleted it at some point. It was hadn't deleted it at some point. It was hadn't deleted it at some point. It was just very weird. And the and the main just very weird. And the and the main just very weird. And the and the main issue and well, not not the main issue, issue and well, not not the main issue, issue and well, not not the main issue, this database was in production. So, this database was in production. So, this database was in production. So, it's deleted his production database of it's deleted his production database of it's deleted his production database of this this thing that he's building. He's this this thing that he's building. He's this this thing that he's building. He's vibe coding. Kind of made out like it vibe coding. Kind of made out like it vibe coding. Kind of made out like it it wasn't going to do it in that really it wasn't going to do it in that really it wasn't going to do it in that really irritating AI way when you say, "Hey, irritating AI way when you say, "Hey, irritating AI way when you say, "Hey, you just did something I didn't want you you just did something I didn't want you you just did something I didn't want you to do." He goes, "I'm so sorry. to do." He goes, "I'm so sorry. to do." He goes, "I'm so sorry. &gt;&gt; I'm sorry, man. You're right. You're &gt;&gt; I'm sorry, man. You're right. You're &gt;&gt; I'm sorry, man. You're right. You're right to call me out on it, man. I'm a right to call me out on it, man. I'm a right to call me out on it, man. I'm a bad guy. I won't do it again." Only to bad guy. I won't do it again." Only to bad guy. I won't do it again." Only to proceed to immediately do the same thing proceed to immediately do the same thing proceed to immediately do the same thing again right after it said it's not going again right after it said it's not going again right after it said it's not going to do it again. Um, it's a bit to do it again. Um, it's a bit to do it again. Um, it's a bit psychopathic when it does that. I don't psychopathic when it does that. I don't psychopathic when it does that. I don't Is that the right word? Narcissistic. Is that the right word? Narcissistic. Is that the right word? Narcissistic. What is it? What is it? What is it? &gt;&gt; Narcopathic. &gt;&gt; Narcopathic. &gt;&gt; Narcopathic. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Bit too bit too keen to please, isn't &gt;&gt; Bit too bit too keen to please, isn't &gt;&gt; Bit too bit too keen to please, isn't it? it? it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. But then also lie in your face. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But then also lie in your face. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But then also lie in your face. &gt;&gt; Find that mad. So yeah, I kind of wanted &gt;&gt; Find that mad. So yeah, I kind of wanted &gt;&gt; Find that mad. So yeah, I kind of wanted to talk about that a bit really. And to talk about that a bit really. And to talk about that a bit really. And then and and also and also when you were then and and also and also when you were then and and also and also when you were talking about your your PC that you're talking about your your PC that you're talking about your your PC that you're building um it's it's something that I building um it's it's something that I building um it's it's something that I that I want to start encouraging my team that I want to start encouraging my team that I want to start encouraging my team to do experimenting a bit more with with to do experimenting a bit more with with to do experimenting a bit more with with um AI seeing how and where it might um um AI seeing how and where it might um um AI seeing how and where it might um benefit them because our CEO is benefit them because our CEO is benefit them because our CEO is extremely keen on us using extremely keen on us using extremely keen on us using uh AI tools in our day-to-day work. He's uh AI tools in our day-to-day work. He's uh AI tools in our day-to-day work. He's uh you know constantly encouraging us uh you know constantly encouraging us uh you know constantly encouraging us and some would say badgering. If you and some would say badgering. If you and some would say badgering. If you listen to this gel, please don't fire me listen to this gel, please don't fire me listen to this gel, please don't fire me by saying that you badge everybody. Um by saying that you badge everybody. Um by saying that you badge everybody. Um no, but he wants but we but everyone is no, but he wants but we but everyone is no, but he wants but we but everyone is being encouraged to find ways to use being encouraged to find ways to use being encouraged to find ways to use this this technology in their day-to-day this this technology in their day-to-day this this technology in their day-to-day work. Literally doesn't matter like this work. Literally doesn't matter like this work. Literally doesn't matter like this is not just an engineering is not just an engineering is not just an engineering &gt;&gt; um kind of mission. It's like everybody &gt;&gt; um kind of mission. It's like everybody &gt;&gt; um kind of mission. It's like everybody find ways to use this thing. So, I'm find ways to use this thing. So, I'm find ways to use this thing. So, I'm sure people in my team are using it, but sure people in my team are using it, but sure people in my team are using it, but I wanted to get some ideas from you, I wanted to get some ideas from you, I wanted to get some ideas from you, maybe some ideas from the audience of maybe some ideas from the audience of maybe some ideas from the audience of things that that we could do from a things that that we could do from a things that that we could do from a testing perspective with the with the testing perspective with the with the testing perspective with the with the technology. We've got access to a few technology. We've got access to a few technology. We've got access to a few things. Got access to things like chat things. Got access to things like chat things. Got access to things like chat GPT and coding assistance and things of GPT and coding assistance and things of GPT and coding assistance and things of this nature. So, yeah, maybe there's this nature. So, yeah, maybe there's this nature. So, yeah, maybe there's some other tools that we should be some other tools that we should be some other tools that we should be investigating as well. So, where should investigating as well. So, where should investigating as well. So, where should we go? Where should we go? we go? Where should we go? we go? Where should we go? &gt;&gt; Well, we can go down two routes here. we &gt;&gt; Well, we can go down two routes here. we &gt;&gt; Well, we can go down two routes here. we can discuss ways that you think you can can discuss ways that you think you can can discuss ways that you think you can use it. Or the other thing is I've been use it. Or the other thing is I've been use it. Or the other thing is I've been using it for coding recently and I've using it for coding recently and I've using it for coding recently and I've came up with like kind of six tips that came up with like kind of six tips that came up with like kind of six tips that I shared on LinkedIn the other day I shared on LinkedIn the other day I shared on LinkedIn the other day around how to basically not have them around how to basically not have them around how to basically not have them destroy your code and make the whole destroy your code and make the whole destroy your code and make the whole experience awful. Um so you can either experience awful. Um so you can either experience awful. Um so you can either go there or we can start with ways that go there or we can start with ways that go there or we can start with ways that we think you can use it. we think you can use it. we think you can use it. &gt;&gt; Let's do the ways we can think you can &gt;&gt; Let's do the ways we can think you can &gt;&gt; Let's do the ways we can think you can use it second. use it second. use it second. &gt;&gt; Okay. So the way I've been using it, &gt;&gt; Okay. So the way I've been using it, &gt;&gt; Okay. So the way I've been using it, which again I think this can apply to which again I think this can apply to which again I think this can apply to what you're asking too, right? So um as what you're asking too, right? So um as what you're asking too, right? So um as I think I've said, I've mentioned this I think I've said, I've mentioned this I think I've said, I've mentioned this plenty of times before. I work at a plenty of times before. I work at a plenty of times before. I work at a consultant consultancy, right? And consultant consultancy, right? And consultant consultancy, right? And sometimes you end up with downtime in sometimes you end up with downtime in sometimes you end up with downtime in between projects between projects between projects and we have an awesome way of doing and we have an awesome way of doing and we have an awesome way of doing things in when you're on when we're in things in when you're on when we're in things in when you're on when we're in between projects and there's like proper between projects and there's like proper between projects and there's like proper tasks that you can pick up that you know tasks that you can pick up that you know tasks that you can pick up that you know people in the business actually want. people in the business actually want. people in the business actually want. So, I'm not going to share what mine is, So, I'm not going to share what mine is, So, I'm not going to share what mine is, but it's a um it was a bid of uh it was but it's a um it was a bid of uh it was but it's a um it was a bid of uh it was some work that we bid for um but turned some work that we bid for um but turned some work that we bid for um but turned out that that we were never going to get out that that we were never going to get out that that we were never going to get it for procurement and other, you know, it for procurement and other, you know, it for procurement and other, you know, preferred supplier reasons that I don't preferred supplier reasons that I don't preferred supplier reasons that I don't get involved in, right? But the business get involved in, right? But the business get involved in, right? But the business person who was involved was like, I person who was involved was like, I person who was involved was like, I really want to know if this is actually really want to know if this is actually really want to know if this is actually possible. So he submitted it to our our possible. So he submitted it to our our possible. So he submitted it to our our bench backlog and it was my first day on bench backlog and it was my first day on bench backlog and it was my first day on the bench and I thought yeah I can do the bench and I thought yeah I can do the bench and I thought yeah I can do that and I know how to build websites. I that and I know how to build websites. I that and I know how to build websites. I know how to code. I know how to do front know how to code. I know how to do front know how to code. I know how to do front end. I know how to do AI and also we end. I know how to do AI and also we end. I know how to do AI and also we recently got access to GitHub copilot. recently got access to GitHub copilot. recently got access to GitHub copilot. So I thought you know what I know So I thought you know what I know So I thought you know what I know exactly how to build what you've said. exactly how to build what you've said. exactly how to build what you've said. Uh sorry I know exactly how I would Uh sorry I know exactly how I would Uh sorry I know exactly how I would build what you've said. build what you've said. build what you've said. &gt;&gt; How to build it. I am not 100% sure, but &gt;&gt; How to build it. I am not 100% sure, but &gt;&gt; How to build it. I am not 100% sure, but I know at least 70% of how I would do I know at least 70% of how I would do I know at least 70% of how I would do it. So, I thought I'll be brave. I'll it. So, I thought I'll be brave. I'll it. So, I thought I'll be brave. I'll take that. And also, back to last week's take that. And also, back to last week's take that. And also, back to last week's episode, you know, there's an episode, you know, there's an episode, you know, there's an encouragement to wear different hats at encouragement to wear different hats at encouragement to wear different hats at work. So, I thought I'll go stick my work. So, I thought I'll go stick my work. So, I thought I'll go stick my software engineering hat on and, you software engineering hat on and, you software engineering hat on and, you know, let let's give it a shot. know, let let's give it a shot. know, let let's give it a shot. &gt;&gt; So, yeah, I started it. I I decided to &gt;&gt; So, yeah, I started it. I I decided to &gt;&gt; So, yeah, I started it. I I decided to use Nex.js, JS, which is the framework use Nex.js, JS, which is the framework use Nex.js, JS, which is the framework um that kind of makes React a bit easier um that kind of makes React a bit easier um that kind of makes React a bit easier and backend um kind of server side React and backend um kind of server side React and backend um kind of server side React stuff in Node.js. And I I've used it to stuff in Node.js. And I I've used it to stuff in Node.js. And I I've used it to build a test app for some training build a test app for some training build a test app for some training courses. So I thought, you know what, courses. So I thought, you know what, courses. So I thought, you know what, I'm going to give that a go. And it's I'm going to give that a go. And it's I'm going to give that a go. And it's new and it's got really good docs and AI new and it's got really good docs and AI new and it's got really good docs and AI knows most about it. So I thought that, knows most about it. So I thought that, knows most about it. So I thought that, you know, I say most, sorry, AI knows a you know, I say most, sorry, AI knows a you know, I say most, sorry, AI knows a lot about NodeJ uh Nex.js. lot about NodeJ uh Nex.js. lot about NodeJ uh Nex.js. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Uh and yeah, it was all going really &gt;&gt; Uh and yeah, it was all going really &gt;&gt; Uh and yeah, it was all going really well. I got this app up and running well. I got this app up and running well. I got this app up and running probably in um I don't know probably probably in um I don't know probably probably in um I don't know probably like three four days at most I would say like three four days at most I would say like three four days at most I would say and that sounds like a lot but you know and that sounds like a lot but you know and that sounds like a lot but you know that's know probably 3 four hours a day that's know probably 3 four hours a day that's know probably 3 four hours a day maybe of like you know back and forth maybe of like you know back and forth maybe of like you know back and forth and there was a lot of designing that and there was a lot of designing that and there was a lot of designing that needed to be doing and um to be clear as needed to be doing and um to be clear as needed to be doing and um to be clear as well here like talking about how we well here like talking about how we well here like talking about how we could use it I didn't use AI to go how could use it I didn't use AI to go how could use it I didn't use AI to go how would you build this I'd already decided would you build this I'd already decided would you build this I'd already decided how I was going to build it and what how I was going to build it and what how I was going to build it and what tools I wanted to use. So I already tools I wanted to use. So I already tools I wanted to use. So I already decided my DB was going to look a decided my DB was going to look a decided my DB was going to look a certain way and I decided that I was certain way and I decided that I was certain way and I decided that I was going to use um a tool called Prisma as going to use um a tool called Prisma as going to use um a tool called Prisma as my um OM layer and I'd already decided I my um OM layer and I'd already decided I my um OM layer and I'd already decided I was using Nex.js. Um I'd already decided was using Nex.js. Um I'd already decided was using Nex.js. Um I'd already decided I wanted to use serverside APIs. So I'd I wanted to use serverside APIs. So I'd I wanted to use serverside APIs. So I'd made all these decisions. So I didn't made all these decisions. So I didn't made all these decisions. So I didn't start by going my business has asked me start by going my business has asked me start by going my business has asked me to build a build me a to build a build me a to build a build me a &gt;&gt; Yeah. I went I started really small by &gt;&gt; Yeah. I went I started really small by &gt;&gt; Yeah. I went I started really small by saying I need a database and I need the saying I need a database and I need the saying I need a database and I need the I need a table that has this object. The I need a table that has this object. The I need a table that has this object. The object should have these six seven object should have these six seven object should have these six seven fields. Um build me a Prisma schema to fields. Um build me a Prisma schema to fields. Um build me a Prisma schema to do that. do that. do that. &gt;&gt; So I was very specific and quite clear. &gt;&gt; So I was very specific and quite clear. &gt;&gt; So I was very specific and quite clear. Uh and yeah I got it got really got Uh and yeah I got it got really got Uh and yeah I got it got really got going really well. Um but yeah I decided going really well. Um but yeah I decided going really well. Um but yeah I decided the other day after doing this for three the other day after doing this for three the other day after doing this for three or four days in a row I was starting to or four days in a row I was starting to or four days in a row I was starting to see some patterns. And it's really funny see some patterns. And it's really funny see some patterns. And it's really funny when you messaged me about that dropping when you messaged me about that dropping when you messaged me about that dropping of the database because um I'll get to of the database because um I'll get to of the database because um I'll get to it, but it's something similar happened it, but it's something similar happened it, but it's something similar happened to me. So yeah, when you hit that I was to me. So yeah, when you hit that I was to me. So yeah, when you hit that I was like, you know what, that's that's like, you know what, that's that's like, you know what, that's that's terrible, but I can understand how that terrible, but I can understand how that terrible, but I can understand how that happened. happened. happened. &gt;&gt; So yeah. &gt;&gt; So yeah. &gt;&gt; So yeah. &gt;&gt; So how so so talk us through it then. So &gt;&gt; So how so so talk us through it then. So &gt;&gt; So how so so talk us through it then. So what what was your how did you what what what what was your how did you what what what what was your how did you what what were you doing were you doing were you doing each day with this coding assistant with each day with this coding assistant with each day with this coding assistant with the agents? Why were you using agents? the agents? Why were you using agents? the agents? Why were you using agents? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, &gt;&gt; and then when when did you run into the &gt;&gt; and then when when did you run into the &gt;&gt; and then when when did you run into the similar problem of similar problem of similar problem of &gt;&gt; So, I decided to use agents. So, if &gt;&gt; So, I decided to use agents. So, if &gt;&gt; So, I decided to use agents. So, if you've not used copilot recently or you've not used copilot recently or you've not used copilot recently or GitHub copilot, there's like three modes GitHub copilot, there's like three modes GitHub copilot, there's like three modes now. You've got ask, which is basically now. You've got ask, which is basically now. You've got ask, which is basically just asking a question, just asking a question, just asking a question, &gt;&gt; but obviously it's got context of your &gt;&gt; but obviously it's got context of your &gt;&gt; but obviously it's got context of your codebase, right? So, it it it's it's codebase, right? So, it it it's it's codebase, right? So, it it it's it's aware if you add a few code files, it's aware if you add a few code files, it's aware if you add a few code files, it's aware of your code. So, when you ask a aware of your code. So, when you ask a aware of your code. So, when you ask a question, it's a bit specific. Is that question, it's a bit specific. Is that question, it's a bit specific. Is that similar to the the UIs that we're used similar to the the UIs that we're used similar to the the UIs that we're used to with things like Claude and chat GPT? to with things like Claude and chat GPT? to with things like Claude and chat GPT? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, you end up with a little &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, you end up with a little &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, you end up with a little chat on the right hand side. Um there's chat on the right hand side. Um there's chat on the right hand side. Um there's a there's a message field and then a there's a message field and then a there's a message field and then there's a bit above that where you can there's a bit above that where you can there's a bit above that where you can add context. So, you can choose a couple add context. So, you can choose a couple add context. So, you can choose a couple of files. Um or if you're actually in a of files. Um or if you're actually in a of files. Um or if you're actually in a file, you can do command shift I and it file, you can do command shift I and it file, you can do command shift I and it will um take the line of code that will um take the line of code that will um take the line of code that you're on you're on you're on &gt;&gt; and use that as its reference point. And &gt;&gt; and use that as its reference point. And &gt;&gt; and use that as its reference point. And then obviously because it's inside VS then obviously because it's inside VS then obviously because it's inside VS Code, it can then open those files and Code, it can then open those files and Code, it can then open those files and read those files and use them as part of read those files and use them as part of read those files and use them as part of its prompt. its prompt. its prompt. &gt;&gt; So that's not there all. So it's not &gt;&gt; So that's not there all. So it's not &gt;&gt; So that's not there all. So it's not like you're in the IDE and you can just like you're in the IDE and you can just like you're in the IDE and you can just summon this this thing, ask it a summon this this thing, ask it a summon this this thing, ask it a question. question. question. &gt;&gt; It's like yeah, it's no different than &gt;&gt; It's like yeah, it's no different than &gt;&gt; It's like yeah, it's no different than any you know the the GitHub extensions, any you know the the GitHub extensions, any you know the the GitHub extensions, the play the test explorer. It's just the play the test explorer. It's just the play the test explorer. It's just another tool with inside VS Code. another tool with inside VS Code. another tool with inside VS Code. &gt;&gt; Okay. Uh, and then then it's got um an &gt;&gt; Okay. Uh, and then then it's got um an &gt;&gt; Okay. Uh, and then then it's got um an edit mode which is um you know again edit mode which is um you know again edit mode which is um you know again people lots of people probably done people lots of people probably done people lots of people probably done this. If you get a response from chat this. If you get a response from chat this. If you get a response from chat GPT and you're like I like that code you GPT and you're like I like that code you GPT and you're like I like that code you can just it will just edit it straight can just it will just edit it straight can just it will just edit it straight away for you instead of you having to away for you instead of you having to away for you instead of you having to copy and paste it and you know do that copy and paste it and you know do that copy and paste it and you know do that but there's nothing fancy about it doing but there's nothing fancy about it doing but there's nothing fancy about it doing it. It will literally just edit the code it. It will literally just edit the code it. It will literally just edit the code straight away. Uh, and now it's got this straight away. Uh, and now it's got this straight away. Uh, and now it's got this agent mode where you can basically give agent mode where you can basically give agent mode where you can basically give it more of a task and it will go off and it more of a task and it will go off and it more of a task and it will go off and search the codebase, find answers, try search the codebase, find answers, try search the codebase, find answers, try things, test things, and do stuff. And things, test things, and do stuff. And things, test things, and do stuff. And that's where I ran into the issue with that's where I ran into the issue with that's where I ran into the issue with the DB. So, one of the options with the DB. So, one of the options with the DB. So, one of the options with using GitHub agents now is it can run using GitHub agents now is it can run using GitHub agents now is it can run command line um, scripts for you. command line um, scripts for you. command line um, scripts for you. &gt;&gt; Now, there's two options you can do &gt;&gt; Now, there's two options you can do &gt;&gt; Now, there's two options you can do here. One is you can just let it run here. One is you can just let it run here. One is you can just let it run whatever the hell it wants. The other whatever the hell it wants. The other whatever the hell it wants. The other option is it will tell you that it wants option is it will tell you that it wants option is it will tell you that it wants to run this command and you have to to run this command and you have to to run this command and you have to click run. click run. click run. &gt;&gt; Um, so what I was doing, I can't even &gt;&gt; Um, so what I was doing, I can't even &gt;&gt; Um, so what I was doing, I can't even remember what the exact issue was, but remember what the exact issue was, but remember what the exact issue was, but it was something to do with Prisma, uh, it was something to do with Prisma, uh, it was something to do with Prisma, uh, the database kind of middle layer, and I the database kind of middle layer, and I the database kind of middle layer, and I don't know what it was. I think there don't know what it was. I think there don't know what it was. I think there was some, I think it was linting issue, was some, I think it was linting issue, was some, I think it was linting issue, and it was telling me that my types and it was telling me that my types and it was telling me that my types didn't exist. Um, so anyway, I was like, didn't exist. Um, so anyway, I was like, didn't exist. Um, so anyway, I was like, okay, fine. Can you fix this linting okay, fine. Can you fix this linting okay, fine. Can you fix this linting issue? And it came back and it went, you issue? And it came back and it went, you issue? And it came back and it went, you know, I think I need to regenerate know, I think I need to regenerate know, I think I need to regenerate Prisma. And I was like, okay, go off, do Prisma. And I was like, okay, go off, do Prisma. And I was like, okay, go off, do that. And it said, do you want to run DB that. And it said, do you want to run DB that. And it said, do you want to run DB generate Prisma? And I know what that generate Prisma? And I know what that generate Prisma? And I know what that does. All that does is generates the does. All that does is generates the does. All that does is generates the client. It just generates the client client. It just generates the client client. It just generates the client files for you. I was like, yeah, sure, files for you. I was like, yeah, sure, files for you. I was like, yeah, sure, do that. do that. do that. &gt;&gt; And it was like, oh, I want to do a DB &gt;&gt; And it was like, oh, I want to do a DB &gt;&gt; And it was like, oh, I want to do a DB push. And I was like, that just means push. And I was like, that just means push. And I was like, that just means push your schema to the DB. push your schema to the DB. push your schema to the DB. &gt;&gt; So, you know, and I knew there was &gt;&gt; So, you know, and I knew there was &gt;&gt; So, you know, and I knew there was nothing in it. So, I was like, yeah, of nothing in it. So, I was like, yeah, of nothing in it. So, I was like, yeah, of course, do that. Anyway, it did that. course, do that. Anyway, it did that. course, do that. Anyway, it did that. and it can read the output from the and it can read the output from the and it can read the output from the terminal terminal terminal &gt;&gt; and it basically said it doesn't look &gt;&gt; and it basically said it doesn't look &gt;&gt; and it basically said it doesn't look like it worked and I'm looking at it like it worked and I'm looking at it like it worked and I'm looking at it going no it worked going no it worked going no it worked &gt;&gt; and it's like I don't think it worked I &gt;&gt; and it's like I don't think it worked I &gt;&gt; and it's like I don't think it worked I need to try and run this and it wanted need to try and run this and it wanted need to try and run this and it wanted to run I think um something to do with to run I think um something to do with to run I think um something to do with TypeScript something emitting TypeScript TypeScript something emitting TypeScript TypeScript something emitting TypeScript types I didn't know what it did so I was types I didn't know what it did so I was types I didn't know what it did so I was like yeah sure do that and that that like yeah sure do that and that that like yeah sure do that and that that that basically spat out absolutely that basically spat out absolutely that basically spat out absolutely nothing and this is when I realized that nothing and this is when I realized that nothing and this is when I realized that I was getting into a mode of going I I was getting into a mode of going I I was getting into a mode of going I actually don't know what you're doing I actually don't know what you're doing I actually don't know what you're doing I don't know why you're trying to do it don't know why you're trying to do it don't know why you're trying to do it But I'm just going to let you do it But I'm just going to let you do it But I'm just going to let you do it because because because &gt;&gt; this is what I wanted to ask. &gt;&gt; this is what I wanted to ask. &gt;&gt; this is what I wanted to ask. &gt;&gt; It sounds like it sounds like you're on &gt;&gt; It sounds like it sounds like you're on &gt;&gt; It sounds like it sounds like you're on a mission. So I'm just going to let you a mission. So I'm just going to let you a mission. So I'm just going to let you and nothing bad can happen. I was like and nothing bad can happen. I was like and nothing bad can happen. I was like nothing bad can happen. Just do what you nothing bad can happen. Just do what you nothing bad can happen. Just do what you want. want. want. &gt;&gt; Last words before Sky takes over. No &gt;&gt; Last words before Sky takes over. No &gt;&gt; Last words before Sky takes over. No kidding. kidding. kidding. &gt;&gt; So it was in this loop of trying to work &gt;&gt; So it was in this loop of trying to work &gt;&gt; So it was in this loop of trying to work out something to do with type. So out something to do with type. So out something to do with type. So anyway, it ran what it wanted and it was anyway, it ran what it wanted and it was anyway, it ran what it wanted and it was still wasn't happy. still wasn't happy. still wasn't happy. &gt;&gt; Uh and then it back went back to doing &gt;&gt; Uh and then it back went back to doing &gt;&gt; Uh and then it back went back to doing the same thing again. I was like, I the same thing again. I was like, I the same thing again. I was like, I think you're stuck in a loop. So I think you're stuck in a loop. So I think you're stuck in a loop. So I basically interrupted her and said, "I basically interrupted her and said, "I basically interrupted her and said, "I think you're stuck in a leak. You should think you're stuck in a leak. You should think you're stuck in a leak. You should you should try somewhere else." And not you should try somewhere else." And not you should try somewhere else." And not knowing what to try. Just my brain would knowing what to try. Just my brain would knowing what to try. Just my brain would have gone, "A's not working. Try have gone, "A's not working. Try have gone, "A's not working. Try somewhere else." Or just told it, somewhere else." Or just told it, somewhere else." Or just told it, &gt;&gt; "This ain't going to work. Do somewhere &gt;&gt; "This ain't going to work. Do somewhere &gt;&gt; "This ain't going to work. Do somewhere else." I couldn't tell it why. I didn't else." I couldn't tell it why. I didn't else." I couldn't tell it why. I didn't know why. I just I didn't even know what know why. I just I didn't even know what know why. I just I didn't even know what it was doing. I try somewhere else. So it was doing. I try somewhere else. So it was doing. I try somewhere else. So it did. It tried something else. And in it did. It tried something else. And in it did. It tried something else. And in this time, it knocked up a simple this time, it knocked up a simple this time, it knocked up a simple TypeScript file that printed out all the TypeScript file that printed out all the TypeScript file that printed out all the types into the console. And I thought types into the console. And I thought types into the console. And I thought well, that's pretty that's pretty cool. well, that's pretty that's pretty cool. well, that's pretty that's pretty cool. And then he went, "Oh, it does appear my And then he went, "Oh, it does appear my And then he went, "Oh, it does appear my type is always there." And I was like, type is always there." And I was like, type is always there." And I was like, "Oh, great, cool." And he goes, "But I "Oh, great, cool." And he goes, "But I "Oh, great, cool." And he goes, "But I don't see it in the DB." And I was like, don't see it in the DB." And I was like, don't see it in the DB." And I was like, "All right, well, why don't you check "All right, well, why don't you check "All right, well, why don't you check the DB?" And it goes, "Okay, I'm going the DB?" And it goes, "Okay, I'm going the DB?" And it goes, "Okay, I'm going to open um Prisma Studio, which is to open um Prisma Studio, which is to open um Prisma Studio, which is basically like if you remember, if basically like if you remember, if basically like if you remember, if you've ever used like SQL Explorer or you've ever used like SQL Explorer or you've ever used like SQL Explorer or anything like that, anything like that, anything like that, &gt;&gt; just makes you spins your database up in &gt;&gt; just makes you spins your database up in &gt;&gt; just makes you spins your database up in a nice table." So, it did that in the a nice table." So, it did that in the a nice table." So, it did that in the browser and it went, "I still can't see browser and it went, "I still can't see browser and it went, "I still can't see my types." And I was like, "All right, I my types." And I was like, "All right, I my types." And I was like, "All right, I don't even know what types you're don't even know what types you're don't even know what types you're looking for anymore, to be honest." And looking for anymore, to be honest." And looking for anymore, to be honest." And anyway, it then spun up the next command anyway, it then spun up the next command anyway, it then spun up the next command which said, I remember I did read this, which said, I remember I did read this, which said, I remember I did read this, so I'm not as bad as what happened so I'm not as bad as what happened so I'm not as bad as what happened there, but I I didn't really clock on there, but I I didn't really clock on there, but I I didn't really clock on how like bad it could have been. It was how like bad it could have been. It was how like bad it could have been. It was like, I'm going to reset the DB. And I like, I'm going to reset the DB. And I like, I'm going to reset the DB. And I was like, yeah, sure, run. And I was was like, yeah, sure, run. And I was was like, yeah, sure, run. And I was like, and it was too late. I'd already like, and it was too late. I'd already like, and it was too late. I'd already clicked it. I was like, clicked it. I was like, clicked it. I was like, &gt;&gt; I was like, interesting. And then &gt;&gt; I was like, interesting. And then &gt;&gt; I was like, interesting. And then basically it reset the DB and pushed the basically it reset the DB and pushed the basically it reset the DB and pushed the schema again. And then it just said, schema again. And then it just said, schema again. And then it just said, yeah, that's fine now. And I was like, yeah, that's fine now. And I was like, yeah, that's fine now. And I was like, it was already fine. You've just deleted it was already fine. You've just deleted it was already fine. You've just deleted my data for no reason and now suddenly my data for no reason and now suddenly my data for no reason and now suddenly you think you're happy. It was such a you think you're happy. It was such a you think you're happy. It was such a weird loop. Um, but in essence, like weird loop. Um, but in essence, like weird loop. Um, but in essence, like &gt;&gt; I let it just go away and do what it &gt;&gt; I let it just go away and do what it &gt;&gt; I let it just go away and do what it wanted. And also, if I didn't have the wanted. And also, if I didn't have the wanted. And also, if I didn't have the run permission, so in this instance, run permission, so in this instance, run permission, so in this instance, it's my fault. I clicked run it's my fault. I clicked run it's my fault. I clicked run &gt;&gt; and also there was no data in my DB, &gt;&gt; and also there was no data in my DB, &gt;&gt; and also there was no data in my DB, which is why I think I also clicked it. which is why I think I also clicked it. which is why I think I also clicked it. There was nothing in there. It was all There was nothing in there. It was all There was nothing in there. It was all it's a dev instance. But if I didn't it's a dev instance. But if I didn't it's a dev instance. But if I didn't have that approval of running the have that approval of running the have that approval of running the commands and you just let it run stuff, commands and you just let it run stuff, commands and you just let it run stuff, you are now letting it do whatever it you are now letting it do whatever it you are now letting it do whatever it wants. And there was an interesting wants. And there was an interesting wants. And there was an interesting reply that I saw on your post that you reply that I saw on your post that you reply that I saw on your post that you shared shared shared &gt;&gt; which was talking about security in user &gt;&gt; which was talking about security in user &gt;&gt; which was talking about security in user accounts. accounts. accounts. &gt;&gt; So whenever I've used VS Code and GitHub &gt;&gt; So whenever I've used VS Code and GitHub &gt;&gt; So whenever I've used VS Code and GitHub spec specifically, it's always acting as spec specifically, it's always acting as spec specifically, it's always acting as me because it's got my environment keys. me because it's got my environment keys. me because it's got my environment keys. It's got everything in my machine. It's It's got everything in my machine. It's It's got everything in my machine. It's behaving as me. It's running things in behaving as me. It's running things in behaving as me. It's running things in my terminal. And that made me think that my terminal. And that made me think that my terminal. And that made me think that do I need to give Copilot its own user do I need to give Copilot its own user do I need to give Copilot its own user accounts that don't have permission to accounts that don't have permission to accounts that don't have permission to wipe a DB? wipe a DB? wipe a DB? &gt;&gt; Do I need, you know, should I not have &gt;&gt; Do I need, you know, should I not have &gt;&gt; Do I need, you know, should I not have permissions to wipe the DB? You know permissions to wipe the DB? You know permissions to wipe the DB? You know what I mean? None of these things I've what I mean? None of these things I've what I mean? None of these things I've ever thought about because I've never ever thought about because I've never ever thought about because I've never thought an agent would go off and do thought an agent would go off and do thought an agent would go off and do something so bizarre, something so bizarre, something so bizarre, but it did. And like, yeah. So again, but it did. And like, yeah. So again, but it did. And like, yeah. So again, not not I'm not as bad as what happened not not I'm not as bad as what happened not not I'm not as bad as what happened to that Jason guy, but I can understand to that Jason guy, but I can understand to that Jason guy, but I can understand now how it got itself in such a weird now how it got itself in such a weird now how it got itself in such a weird loop and it couldn't get its way out and loop and it couldn't get its way out and loop and it couldn't get its way out and it was just trying all sorts of weird it was just trying all sorts of weird it was just trying all sorts of weird magic and weird stuff. Um, so yeah, it magic and weird stuff. Um, so yeah, it magic and weird stuff. Um, so yeah, it was it was bizarre. was it was bizarre. was it was bizarre. &gt;&gt; Interesting points that things that you &gt;&gt; Interesting points that things that you &gt;&gt; Interesting points that things that you said there is that there was a point at said there is that there was a point at said there is that there was a point at which you weren't even sure what it was which you weren't even sure what it was which you weren't even sure what it was doing. doing. doing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And so you just like, yeah, all good. &gt;&gt; And so you just like, yeah, all good. &gt;&gt; And so you just like, yeah, all good. Yeah, go for it kind of thing. It's it's Yeah, go for it kind of thing. It's it's Yeah, go for it kind of thing. It's it's it's almost like so what I mean is it it's almost like so what I mean is it it's almost like so what I mean is it sounds like a high level you like I sounds like a high level you like I sounds like a high level you like I understand what you just said and it understand what you just said and it understand what you just said and it doesn't sound crazy but in terms of the doesn't sound crazy but in terms of the doesn't sound crazy but in terms of the detail it's it felt you gave me an detail it's it felt you gave me an detail it's it felt you gave me an impression that you didn't actually know impression that you didn't actually know impression that you didn't actually know what the bloody hell it was doing. what the bloody hell it was doing. what the bloody hell it was doing. &gt;&gt; Let me let yeah let me be let me add a &gt;&gt; Let me let yeah let me be let me add a &gt;&gt; Let me let yeah let me be let me add a nuance. I knew I knew what it was nuance. I knew I knew what it was nuance. I knew I knew what it was problem it was trying to solve but I problem it was trying to solve but I problem it was trying to solve but I didn't know where it was at in its own didn't know where it was at in its own didn't know where it was at in its own thinking of how it was trying to solve thinking of how it was trying to solve thinking of how it was trying to solve it. So, like I knew what it was trying it. So, like I knew what it was trying it. So, like I knew what it was trying to get. I knew it wanted a list of the to get. I knew it wanted a list of the to get. I knew it wanted a list of the types, types, types, &gt;&gt; but I didn't know how to do that myself &gt;&gt; but I didn't know how to do that myself &gt;&gt; but I didn't know how to do that myself and it I was just expecting it would and it I was just expecting it would and it I was just expecting it would work it out. So, I knew what its mission work it out. So, I knew what its mission work it out. So, I knew what its mission was, was, was, &gt;&gt; but I didn't have a clue what it was &gt;&gt; but I didn't have a clue what it was &gt;&gt; but I didn't have a clue what it was doing. I didn't have a clue why it I doing. I didn't have a clue why it I doing. I didn't have a clue why it I didn't know one of the things in that didn't know one of the things in that didn't know one of the things in that example is I didn't know why it thought example is I didn't know why it thought example is I didn't know why it thought it wasn't working because it never told it wasn't working because it never told it wasn't working because it never told me. The answer it just said was I didn't me. The answer it just said was I didn't me. The answer it just said was I didn't get what I was expected. I'm going to get what I was expected. I'm going to get what I was expected. I'm going to try this. And I never bothered to ask it try this. And I never bothered to ask it try this. And I never bothered to ask it what you're trying to find, what you're what you're trying to find, what you're what you're trying to find, what you're after, what why do you think it didn't after, what why do you think it didn't after, what why do you think it didn't work? work? work? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Because I didn't really know what its &gt;&gt; Because I didn't really know what its &gt;&gt; Because I didn't really know what its purpose was or why it even cared. Like purpose was or why it even cared. Like purpose was or why it even cared. Like cuz again, I just generally gone here's cuz again, I just generally gone here's cuz again, I just generally gone here's a linting error. Fix my linting error. a linting error. Fix my linting error. a linting error. Fix my linting error. Right. Right. Right. &gt;&gt; The thing that I am so interested in &gt;&gt; The thing that I am so interested in &gt;&gt; The thing that I am so interested in about these tools because I really about these tools because I really about these tools because I really really want to, you know, if I was in really want to, you know, if I was in really want to, you know, if I was in that situation, I would want to have a that situation, I would want to have a that situation, I would want to have a conversation with it. that even makes conversation with it. that even makes conversation with it. that even makes sense. So I said why what why do you sense. So I said why what why do you sense. So I said why what why do you think it's not worked? think it's not worked? think it's not worked? &gt;&gt; So that would be the difference between &gt;&gt; So that would be the difference between &gt;&gt; So that would be the difference between the agents and the and the the ask bit the agents and the and the the ask bit the agents and the and the the ask bit though. So I specifically had gone into though. So I specifically had gone into though. So I specifically had gone into agent mode and in agent mode it will agent mode and in agent mode it will agent mode and in agent mode it will keep going until it's done your task. keep going until it's done your task. keep going until it's done your task. That's That's That's &gt;&gt; but what I mean but what but what I mean &gt;&gt; but what I mean but what but what I mean &gt;&gt; but what I mean but what but what I mean is right that because of the way you had is right that because of the way you had is right that because of the way you had agent mode set up. So, this might be a agent mode set up. So, this might be a agent mode set up. So, this might be a silly question, right? Because of the silly question, right? Because of the silly question, right? Because of the way you've got agent mode set up, can way you've got agent mode set up, can way you've got agent mode set up, can you not in that mode say, "Why do you you not in that mode say, "Why do you you not in that mode say, "Why do you want to do that?" want to do that?" want to do that?" &gt;&gt; You can, but you'd have to stop it and &gt;&gt; You can, but you'd have to stop it and &gt;&gt; You can, but you'd have to stop it and it will it will it will stop where it's it will it will it will stop where it's it will it will it will stop where it's up to. So, up to. So, up to. So, &gt;&gt; yeah, that's fine. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; yeah, that's fine. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; yeah, that's fine. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'll be fine with that. Yeah. Yeah. I'll be fine with that. Yeah. Yeah. I'll be fine with that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, you can stop it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, you can stop it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, you can stop it. &gt;&gt; It's saying, "Hey, I want to do this &gt;&gt; It's saying, "Hey, I want to do this &gt;&gt; It's saying, "Hey, I want to do this now. Are you okay?" It's got that It's now. Are you okay?" It's got that It's now. Are you okay?" It's got that It's got that are you sure mechanism built in got that are you sure mechanism built in got that are you sure mechanism built in is how it sounded to my head. I only had is how it sounded to my head. I only had is how it sounded to my head. I only had the are you sure mechanism because it the are you sure mechanism because it the are you sure mechanism because it wanted to run a command line and I had wanted to run a command line and I had wanted to run a command line and I had to let it. So if to let it. So if to let it. So if &gt;&gt; I know I know but I'm saying can you can &gt;&gt; I know I know but I'm saying can you can &gt;&gt; I know I know but I'm saying can you can you not when it's in a agent mode you not when it's in a agent mode you not when it's in a agent mode interject and just say oh can you just interject and just say oh can you just interject and just say oh can you just explain what's going on right now explain what's going on right now explain what's going on right now &gt;&gt; or does it is there no way to stop it? &gt;&gt; or does it is there no way to stop it? &gt;&gt; or does it is there no way to stop it? &gt;&gt; You have to you have to basically stop &gt;&gt; You have to you have to basically stop &gt;&gt; You have to you have to basically stop where it's up to and then ask it where it's up to and then ask it where it's up to and then ask it questions. So it will be printing stuff questions. So it will be printing stuff questions. So it will be printing stuff as it's doing stuff. it will be telling as it's doing stuff. it will be telling as it's doing stuff. it will be telling you what's happening. you what's happening. you what's happening. &gt;&gt; But there's no like you can't type, you &gt;&gt; But there's no like you can't type, you &gt;&gt; But there's no like you can't type, you can't talk to it as it's doing it. You can't talk to it as it's doing it. You can't talk to it as it's doing it. You have to tell it to stop what it's doing. have to tell it to stop what it's doing. have to tell it to stop what it's doing. &gt;&gt; Then you can type it. &gt;&gt; Then you can type it. &gt;&gt; Then you can type it. &gt;&gt; It has stopped cuz it's it's saying, &gt;&gt; It has stopped cuz it's it's saying, &gt;&gt; It has stopped cuz it's it's saying, "Oh, I need to run this command line." "Oh, I need to run this command line." "Oh, I need to run this command line." &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, at that point, you can Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, at that point, you can Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, at that point, you can Yeah. At that point, At that point, At that point, &gt;&gt; ask permission. And at that point where &gt;&gt; ask permission. And at that point where &gt;&gt; ask permission. And at that point where you're thinking to yourself, "Oh, you're thinking to yourself, "Oh, you're thinking to yourself, "Oh, &gt;&gt; this looks like it has worked. Why do &gt;&gt; this looks like it has worked. Why do &gt;&gt; this looks like it has worked. Why do you think it hasn't worked?" I would you think it hasn't worked?" I would you think it hasn't worked?" I would want to know why it thinks it thought it want to know why it thinks it thought it want to know why it thinks it thought it hadn't worked. hadn't worked. hadn't worked. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you could do that. You could do &gt;&gt; Yeah, you could do that. You could do &gt;&gt; Yeah, you could do that. You could do that, could you? Okay. that, could you? Okay. that, could you? Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Only because of the fact that I had it &gt;&gt; Only because of the fact that I had it &gt;&gt; Only because of the fact that I had it set up to approve set up to approve set up to approve &gt;&gt; ter. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; ter. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; ter. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Bloody hell. &gt;&gt; Bloody hell. &gt;&gt; Bloody hell. &gt;&gt; But no, so like I could have also I &gt;&gt; But no, so like I could have also I &gt;&gt; But no, so like I could have also I think here again I can't remember the think here again I can't remember the think here again I can't remember the exact context and I think linting wise exact context and I think linting wise exact context and I think linting wise it was a it wasn't even a big linting it was a it wasn't even a big linting it was a it wasn't even a big linting error. I think I even knew what the error. I think I even knew what the error. I think I even knew what the linting problem was and I could have linting problem was and I could have linting problem was and I could have just done it myself. So I just assumed just done it myself. So I just assumed just done it myself. So I just assumed it would be dead easy and it would solve it would be dead easy and it would solve it would be dead easy and it would solve it quite quickly. Uh, and another thing it quite quickly. Uh, and another thing it quite quickly. Uh, and another thing with the agents which um kind of ties with the agents which um kind of ties with the agents which um kind of ties into this is I've developed this habit into this is I've developed this habit into this is I've developed this habit of kicking off at a task before I like of kicking off at a task before I like of kicking off at a task before I like go and make a drink, go and get a drink go and make a drink, go and get a drink go and make a drink, go and get a drink or go to the toilet because it's like it or go to the toilet because it's like it or go to the toilet because it's like it feels like you're working when you're feels like you're working when you're feels like you're working when you're not like there's something about it like not like there's something about it like not like there's something about it like so like I know if like if it's a decent so like I know if like if it's a decent so like I know if like if it's a decent task and like I say decent task I mean task and like I say decent task I mean task and like I say decent task I mean like we'll talk about breaking down like we'll talk about breaking down like we'll talk about breaking down tasks but I like I like going can you do tasks but I like I like going can you do tasks but I like I like going can you do this and then I say go and I'm going to this and then I say go and I'm going to this and then I say go and I'm going to go make a cup of tea and then you come go make a cup of tea and then you come go make a cup of tea and then you come back and it's done it and you're like, back and it's done it and you're like, back and it's done it and you're like, "Oh, look how much work I did while I "Oh, look how much work I did while I "Oh, look how much work I did while I was making a cup of tea." was making a cup of tea." was making a cup of tea." &gt;&gt; I'm so efficient. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I'm so efficient. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I'm so efficient. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um, and I think in this instance, one of &gt;&gt; Um, and I think in this instance, one of &gt;&gt; Um, and I think in this instance, one of those things was that and then when I'd those things was that and then when I'd those things was that and then when I'd come back, I saw the run command and I come back, I saw the run command and I come back, I saw the run command and I was kind of like, you know, just run was kind of like, you know, just run was kind of like, you know, just run without really um going back over what without really um going back over what without really um going back over what it had done. Um, but that is one of the it had done. Um, but that is one of the it had done. Um, but that is one of the things we'll go through some of the things we'll go through some of the things we'll go through some of the things later that I've learned that the things later that I've learned that the things later that I've learned that the smaller the task like the better. But in smaller the task like the better. But in smaller the task like the better. But in this instance also um this instance also um this instance also um like I like we were talking about Jason like I like we were talking about Jason like I like we were talking about Jason Arbor before we joined this call right I Arbor before we joined this call right I Arbor before we joined this call right I am not Jason Arbor level in terms of am not Jason Arbor level in terms of am not Jason Arbor level in terms of like my love for AI agents but I'm also like my love for AI agents but I'm also like my love for AI agents but I'm also not like I can't think of a skeptic um not like I can't think of a skeptic um not like I can't think of a skeptic um &gt;&gt; Michael &gt;&gt; Michael &gt;&gt; Michael &gt;&gt; so I'm not in that camp either right I'm &gt;&gt; so I'm not in that camp either right I'm &gt;&gt; so I'm not in that camp either right I'm &gt;&gt; I'm probably closer to Jason than I am &gt;&gt; I'm probably closer to Jason than I am &gt;&gt; I'm probably closer to Jason than I am to the other people Um, to the other people Um, to the other people Um, &gt;&gt; but I also &gt;&gt; but I also &gt;&gt; but I also &gt;&gt; it is baked in a lot of recent &gt;&gt; it is baked in a lot of recent &gt;&gt; it is baked in a lot of recent experience like and the other side of it experience like and the other side of it experience like and the other side of it is and I think we mentioned this in a is and I think we mentioned this in a is and I think we mentioned this in a few episodes back because of my few episodes back because of my few episodes back because of my automation and testing mindset and automation and testing mindset and automation and testing mindset and experience of tools in general. I know. experience of tools in general. I know. experience of tools in general. I know. I say I know. I'm more comfortable I say I know. I'm more comfortable I say I know. I'm more comfortable letting these tools do a few things letting these tools do a few things letting these tools do a few things because I've thought about how to defend because I've thought about how to defend because I've thought about how to defend against it or how to back it up or against it or how to back it up or against it or how to back it up or stopping it going wrong. Um whereas I stopping it going wrong. Um whereas I stopping it going wrong. Um whereas I don't think anyone knew to this like and don't think anyone knew to this like and don't think anyone knew to this like and also like another thing with that DB also like another thing with that DB also like another thing with that DB one, right? When it when it pushed the one, right? When it when it pushed the one, right? When it when it pushed the command and said it wanted to do it, I command and said it wanted to do it, I command and said it wanted to do it, I knew what it meant. So I wasn't blindly knew what it meant. So I wasn't blindly knew what it meant. So I wasn't blindly accepting it. It was it was more accepting it. It was it was more accepting it. It was it was more Yeah. It was more like, yeah, it's not a Yeah. It was more like, yeah, it's not a Yeah. It was more like, yeah, it's not a big deal, you know, go. I didn't stop big deal, you know, go. I didn't stop big deal, you know, go. I didn't stop and think and think and think &gt;&gt; like I didn't stop and go, &gt;&gt; like I didn't stop and go, &gt;&gt; like I didn't stop and go, &gt;&gt; that's a very weird thing to try. Like I &gt;&gt; that's a very weird thing to try. Like I &gt;&gt; that's a very weird thing to try. Like I just said, I know what the command does. just said, I know what the command does. just said, I know what the command does. You're doing something. Off you go. I You're doing something. Off you go. I You're doing something. Off you go. I didn't stop and go, that's a weird thing didn't stop and go, that's a weird thing didn't stop and go, that's a weird thing to do. You don't know if this is my prod to do. You don't know if this is my prod to do. You don't know if this is my prod DB. You just know it's my DB. You don't DB. You just know it's my DB. You don't DB. You just know it's my DB. You don't know what's in the DB. like it's just know what's in the DB. like it's just know what's in the DB. like it's just such it was a very weird thing for it to such it was a very weird thing for it to such it was a very weird thing for it to want to try. Uh and that's the bit that want to try. Uh and that's the bit that want to try. Uh and that's the bit that I didn't slow down enough until you sent I didn't slow down enough until you sent I didn't slow down enough until you sent that link and I kind of connected the that link and I kind of connected the that link and I kind of connected the dots and went I did that I did that dots and went I did that I did that dots and went I did that I did that recently. Um like it's yeah it's recently. Um like it's yeah it's recently. Um like it's yeah it's bizarre. Um but as I said I am getting a bizarre. Um but as I said I am getting a bizarre. Um but as I said I am getting a lot of value from AI. So I do I do have lot of value from AI. So I do I do have lot of value from AI. So I do I do have six tips that are actually helping me six tips that are actually helping me six tips that are actually helping me get through getting value from AI or get through getting value from AI or get through getting value from AI or specifically from agents I would say. Um specifically from agents I would say. Um specifically from agents I would say. Um so let's see let's let's get some so let's see let's let's get some so let's see let's let's get some talking from Vern and let's see if you talking from Vern and let's see if you talking from Vern and let's see if you think why. So the first one is commit think why. So the first one is commit think why. So the first one is commit almost every after every interaction almost every after every interaction almost every after every interaction with the agent. That's my first with the agent. That's my first with the agent. That's my first &gt;&gt; what you what are you what are you what &gt;&gt; what you what are you what are you what &gt;&gt; what you what are you what are you what do you want from me here? some some do you want from me here? some some do you want from me here? some some &gt;&gt; so why do you think why do you think &gt;&gt; so why do you think why do you think &gt;&gt; so why do you think why do you think that's important right so I'm saying as that's important right so I'm saying as that's important right so I'm saying as soon as you finish something with an soon as you finish something with an soon as you finish something with an agent do a commit agent do a commit agent do a commit &gt;&gt; like why do you why do you think that's &gt;&gt; like why do you why do you think that's &gt;&gt; like why do you why do you think that's &gt;&gt; this is this is if it deletes your &gt;&gt; this is this is if it deletes your &gt;&gt; this is this is if it deletes your production database you can um you know production database you can um you know production database you can um you know you can you can reason a little bit more you can you can reason a little bit more you can you can reason a little bit more about what's going on that's that's the about what's going on that's that's the about what's going on that's that's the whole commit frequently often whole commit frequently often whole commit frequently often &gt;&gt; situation I don't think that changes &gt;&gt; situation I don't think that changes &gt;&gt; situation I don't think that changes because we we're uh we're we're now because we we're uh we're we're now because we we're uh we're we're now using coding assistance and things of using coding assistance and things of using coding assistance and things of that nature right still that that that nature right still that that that nature right still that that principle still persists. principle still persists. principle still persists. &gt;&gt; So, yes. Yes. Right. But there's another &gt;&gt; So, yes. Yes. Right. But there's another &gt;&gt; So, yes. Yes. Right. But there's another interesting thing around the UX of interesting thing around the UX of interesting thing around the UX of specifically GitHub copilot. Um, so specifically GitHub copilot. Um, so specifically GitHub copilot. Um, so because you're in agentic mode and you because you're in agentic mode and you because you're in agentic mode and you give it a task at the end of it doing give it a task at the end of it doing give it a task at the end of it doing its task, it basically tells you what its task, it basically tells you what its task, it basically tells you what it's done in English, right? You can it's done in English, right? You can it's done in English, right? You can read it and you can be like, "Yep, that read it and you can be like, "Yep, that read it and you can be like, "Yep, that sounds great." But then underneath that, sounds great." But then underneath that, sounds great." But then underneath that, you get a list of all the files that you get a list of all the files that you get a list of all the files that it's changed. And you have two options. it's changed. And you have two options. it's changed. And you have two options. You can do a code review where it will You can do a code review where it will You can do a code review where it will open each file and you basically press open each file and you basically press open each file and you basically press keep undo, keep undo, keep undo until keep undo, keep undo, keep undo until keep undo, keep undo, keep undo until you get to the last file. you get to the last file. you get to the last file. &gt;&gt; Or there's a button that's just keep and &gt;&gt; Or there's a button that's just keep and &gt;&gt; Or there's a button that's just keep and you basically just accept them all. you basically just accept them all. you basically just accept them all. &gt;&gt; Yep. All good. &gt;&gt; Yep. All good. &gt;&gt; Yep. All good. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Keep. Right. Um and there has been &gt;&gt; Yeah. Keep. Right. Um and there has been &gt;&gt; Yeah. Keep. Right. Um and there has been times where I've just said keep and it's times where I've just said keep and it's times where I've just said keep and it's gone wrong. So now I I basically and gone wrong. So now I I basically and gone wrong. So now I I basically and also I'm not very I'm quite bad at also I'm not very I'm quite bad at also I'm not very I'm quite bad at committing. Um so now I specifically committing. Um so now I specifically committing. Um so now I specifically commit like as in I like to commit like commit like as in I like to commit like commit like as in I like to commit like I say I like I don't like I know the I say I like I don't like I know the I say I like I don't like I know the right thing to do but I'm very much I'm right thing to do but I'm very much I'm right thing to do but I'm very much I'm in a habit of just building building and in a habit of just building building and in a habit of just building building and then committing when I think the then committing when I think the then committing when I think the feature's finished. Um, but yeah, feature's finished. Um, but yeah, feature's finished. Um, but yeah, honestly though, committing as soon as honestly though, committing as soon as honestly though, committing as soon as you see as soon as you've had an action you see as soon as you've had an action you see as soon as you've had an action done and it works, commit because the done and it works, commit because the done and it works, commit because the time I've had it on several occasions time I've had it on several occasions time I've had it on several occasions change a whole bunch of files that I change a whole bunch of files that I change a whole bunch of files that I didn't think it would not noticed and didn't think it would not noticed and didn't think it would not noticed and then also you don't know then the right then also you don't know then the right then also you don't know then the right context context context to ask it to fix it because you don't to ask it to fix it because you don't to ask it to fix it because you don't know it's done it. know it's done it. know it's done it. &gt;&gt; So I wanted to right so I wanted to ask &gt;&gt; So I wanted to right so I wanted to ask &gt;&gt; So I wanted to right so I wanted to ask you about this. So when you say commit, you about this. So when you say commit, you about this. So when you say commit, there's a thing around commit messages, there's a thing around commit messages, there's a thing around commit messages, right? Where people right? Where people right? Where people can sometimes not bother or they're can sometimes not bother or they're can sometimes not bother or they're trash. Are you when you do do them, are trash. Are you when you do do them, are trash. Are you when you do do them, are you putting in messages that that are you putting in messages that that are you putting in messages that that are meaningful so that in a situation like meaningful so that in a situation like meaningful so that in a situation like this, you go say, "Oh, that's when I did this, you go say, "Oh, that's when I did this, you go say, "Oh, that's when I did blah. That's the one that I want." blah. That's the one that I want." blah. That's the one that I want." &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. So I'm I am not at the &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. So I'm I am not at the &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. So I'm I am not at the position where I would trust an agent to position where I would trust an agent to position where I would trust an agent to commit code to my repo. Um I know some commit code to my repo. Um I know some commit code to my repo. Um I know some people have said they like doing that. people have said they like doing that. people have said they like doing that. I'm not there. So I'm not there. So I'm not there. So &gt;&gt; for me um I'm very much a like I will &gt;&gt; for me um I'm very much a like I will &gt;&gt; for me um I'm very much a like I will accept the changes in the IDE and then I accept the changes in the IDE and then I accept the changes in the IDE and then I basically write my own commits um and basically write my own commits um and basically write my own commits um and explain what's been done and why. Um and explain what's been done and why. Um and explain what's been done and why. Um and I write them myself. Again, I know I write them myself. Again, I know I write them myself. Again, I know people who would get co-pilot to do the people who would get co-pilot to do the people who would get co-pilot to do the commit or even write the commit message. commit or even write the commit message. commit or even write the commit message. Um, I just don't see I doesn't sound Um, I just don't see I doesn't sound Um, I just don't see I doesn't sound valuable to me. valuable to me. valuable to me. &gt;&gt; I just use it cuz the the the the the &gt;&gt; I just use it cuz the the the the the &gt;&gt; I just use it cuz the the the the the gen AI tool that I probably use the most gen AI tool that I probably use the most gen AI tool that I probably use the most is chat GPT. Use me followed by is chat GPT. Use me followed by is chat GPT. Use me followed by perplexity and just in there the amount perplexity and just in there the amount perplexity and just in there the amount of halluc no hallucinations of halluc no hallucinations of halluc no hallucinations confabulations I've now learned. Thank confabulations I've now learned. Thank confabulations I've now learned. Thank you, Bill and Martin. The amount of you, Bill and Martin. The amount of you, Bill and Martin. The amount of confabulations that happen, it can confabulations that happen, it can confabulations that happen, it can probably do that in any, you know, can probably do that in any, you know, can probably do that in any, you know, can you imagine it just starts making up you imagine it just starts making up you imagine it just starts making up stuff in your commit history. Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stuff in your commit history. Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stuff in your commit history. Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like that just sounds horrible. So yeah, Like that just sounds horrible. So yeah, Like that just sounds horrible. So yeah, I I'm I'm with you on that one. I'm I I'm I'm with you on that one. I'm I I'm I'm with you on that one. I'm definitely writing them myself for sure. definitely writing them myself for sure. definitely writing them myself for sure. And I think also it's the other side of And I think also it's the other side of And I think also it's the other side of this is what another one that I've this is what another one that I've this is what another one that I've learned is um a lot of the time when if learned is um a lot of the time when if learned is um a lot of the time when if if you get into um quite a long exchange if you get into um quite a long exchange if you get into um quite a long exchange with the agent as in it's built it but with the agent as in it's built it but with the agent as in it's built it but it's not right and you're like I don't it's not right and you're like I don't it's not right and you're like I don't like it. Can you do it this way? um like it. Can you do it this way? um like it. Can you do it this way? um often sometime again I don't know often sometime again I don't know often sometime again I don't know probably not a high percentage but let's probably not a high percentage but let's probably not a high percentage but let's let's say let's say let's say &gt;&gt; two out of 20 times right it gets to the &gt;&gt; two out of 20 times right it gets to the &gt;&gt; two out of 20 times right it gets to the point where it just is not going to do point where it just is not going to do point where it just is not going to do what I want it to do but it's already what I want it to do but it's already what I want it to do but it's already changed a whole bunch of files so at changed a whole bunch of files so at changed a whole bunch of files so at that point that point that point &gt;&gt; you have two options you either continue &gt;&gt; you have two options you either continue &gt;&gt; you have two options you either continue to push to try and get it to fix it but to push to try and get it to fix it but to push to try and get it to fix it but now you've got a lot of files changed now you've got a lot of files changed now you've got a lot of files changed and you don't know why or where and you don't know why or where and you don't know why or where you do but like you're not entirely sure you do but like you're not entirely sure you do but like you're not entirely sure what's been changed without going what's been changed without going what's been changed without going through it all and it's like why am I through it all and it's like why am I through it all and it's like why am I going through it all for something that going through it all for something that going through it all for something that I know doesn't work or that I don't like I know doesn't work or that I don't like I know doesn't work or that I don't like and then when you tell it to like no no and then when you tell it to like no no and then when you tell it to like no no I don't want it that way can you go back I don't want it that way can you go back I don't want it that way can you go back and fix it and fix it and fix it &gt;&gt; often it leaves behind &gt;&gt; often it leaves behind &gt;&gt; often it leaves behind &gt;&gt; yeah things &gt;&gt; yeah things &gt;&gt; yeah things &gt;&gt; um so yeah clean start again that's what &gt;&gt; um so yeah clean start again that's what &gt;&gt; um so yeah clean start again that's what I do I do I do &gt;&gt; I've had that same sensation just when &gt;&gt; I've had that same sensation just when &gt;&gt; I've had that same sensation just when I'm trying to figure so when I'm when I'm trying to figure so when I'm when I'm trying to figure so when I'm when I'm when I'm writing and I'm researching I'm when I'm writing and I'm researching I'm when I'm writing and I'm researching or you know just the usual normal chat or you know just the usual normal chat or you know just the usual normal chat GPT stuff just chat GPT right it's not GPT stuff just chat GPT right it's not GPT stuff just chat GPT right it's not I'm not writing any I'm not writing any I'm not writing any I have experienced the same thing where I have experienced the same thing where I have experienced the same thing where I feel like you have started to lose I feel like you have started to lose I feel like you have started to lose your mind. I know I'm anthrop your mind. I know I'm anthrop your mind. I know I'm anthrop anthropomorphizing anthropomorphizing anthropomorphizing chat GPT, but I just feel like you are chat GPT, but I just feel like you are chat GPT, but I just feel like you are insane now. Like you need a break, so insane now. Like you need a break, so insane now. Like you need a break, so I'm going to I'm going to give you a I'm going to I'm going to give you a I'm going to I'm going to give you a break. break. break. Uh so I agree some trying to force it. Uh so I agree some trying to force it. Uh so I agree some trying to force it. It just it just doesn't that doesn't It just it just doesn't that doesn't It just it just doesn't that doesn't seem to work. That is a very good tip seem to work. That is a very good tip seem to work. That is a very good tip that is not on my list that I've started that is not on my list that I've started that is not on my list that I've started doing which is um I've started creating doing which is um I've started creating doing which is um I've started creating new instances of the chat in cop in in new instances of the chat in cop in in new instances of the chat in cop in in in VS Code because I've had it on in VS Code because I've had it on in VS Code because I've had it on several occasions continue to use several occasions continue to use several occasions continue to use previous previous previous um messages um messages um messages &gt;&gt; that aren't right. &gt;&gt; that aren't right. &gt;&gt; that aren't right. &gt;&gt; And even though I keep telling it, it &gt;&gt; And even though I keep telling it, it &gt;&gt; And even though I keep telling it, it keeps doing it again. And I've learned keeps doing it again. And I've learned keeps doing it again. And I've learned the only way is to start a new chat with the only way is to start a new chat with the only way is to start a new chat with no history and basically start building no history and basically start building no history and basically start building it. Well, you know, we know it's context it. Well, you know, we know it's context it. Well, you know, we know it's context engineering as it's now, you know, cooly engineering as it's now, you know, cooly engineering as it's now, you know, cooly named. It's it's get a clean context and named. It's it's get a clean context and named. It's it's get a clean context and start again. So, start again. So, start again. So, &gt;&gt; yeah, it because it's wild. It just says &gt;&gt; yeah, it because it's wild. It just says &gt;&gt; yeah, it because it's wild. It just says this this particular conversation is now this this particular conversation is now this this particular conversation is now trash. trash. trash. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You you've just decided that up is down, &gt;&gt; You you've just decided that up is down, &gt;&gt; You you've just decided that up is down, you know, red is green, you know, red is green, you know, red is green, backwards is forwards. It doesn't matter backwards is forwards. It doesn't matter backwards is forwards. It doesn't matter what I say, you're trying to gaslight me what I say, you're trying to gaslight me what I say, you're trying to gaslight me and send me around the twist. So, we're and send me around the twist. So, we're and send me around the twist. So, we're going to start again. So, yeah. Nice going to start again. So, yeah. Nice going to start again. So, yeah. Nice one. Nice one. Okay, next one. one. Nice one. Okay, next one. one. Nice one. Okay, next one. &gt;&gt; Uh, again, like you I need to come back &gt;&gt; Uh, again, like you I need to come back &gt;&gt; Uh, again, like you I need to come back to this at the end, but you'll I hope to this at the end, but you'll I hope to this at the end, but you'll I hope that you might spot a pattern with some that you might spot a pattern with some that you might spot a pattern with some of these things, but um make the task as of these things, but um make the task as of these things, but um make the task as small as you can. Uh I know it sounds small as you can. Uh I know it sounds small as you can. Uh I know it sounds really naughty and really obvious, really naughty and really obvious, really naughty and really obvious, right? And I think this is where I think right? And I think this is where I think right? And I think this is where I think I don't know what to call the right I don't know what to call the right I don't know what to call the right names. I don't know what the right terms names. I don't know what the right terms names. I don't know what the right terms is, but I'm going to say when a skilled is, but I'm going to say when a skilled is, but I'm going to say when a skilled engineer or an experienced engineer uses engineer or an experienced engineer uses engineer or an experienced engineer uses an a code aentic code tool like copilot an a code aentic code tool like copilot an a code aentic code tool like copilot um you know what the task is, you know um you know what the task is, you know um you know what the task is, you know how to break the task down. So do it and how to break the task down. So do it and how to break the task down. So do it and ask the agents to do it in small tasks ask the agents to do it in small tasks ask the agents to do it in small tasks because then the bit the message before because then the bit the message before because then the bit the message before about losing its mind and going wrong about losing its mind and going wrong about losing its mind and going wrong the impact to that will be smaller. So the impact to that will be smaller. So the impact to that will be smaller. So like for example, I want to build a page like for example, I want to build a page like for example, I want to build a page that shows a form, right? I know I need that shows a form, right? I know I need that shows a form, right? I know I need database changes. I need an API layer. I database changes. I need an API layer. I database changes. I need an API layer. I need to update my types. I need to um need to update my types. I need to um need to update my types. I need to um update the UI. I need to add update the UI. I need to add update the UI. I need to add validations. I need to update my validations. I need to update my validations. I need to update my routting. I know all the steps. So I routting. I know all the steps. So I routting. I know all the steps. So I have two options. One is I can ask the have two options. One is I can ask the have two options. One is I can ask the agent or I can go into ask mode and say, agent or I can go into ask mode and say, agent or I can go into ask mode and say, "What are the six steps you would do in "What are the six steps you would do in "What are the six steps you would do in order to do this?" and hope that it order to do this?" and hope that it order to do this?" and hope that it comes out with the same six as me. Then comes out with the same six as me. Then comes out with the same six as me. Then I copy that and well I don't copy it. I copy that and well I don't copy it. I copy that and well I don't copy it. You go back into agent mode and say do You go back into agent mode and say do You go back into agent mode and say do these tasks in that order. That works these tasks in that order. That works these tasks in that order. That works quite well. But if I just said build me quite well. But if I just said build me quite well. But if I just said build me a page that shows this form, I often a page that shows this form, I often a page that shows this form, I often find it misses bits out and it doesn't find it misses bits out and it doesn't find it misses bits out and it doesn't do a very good job. do a very good job. do a very good job. &gt;&gt; Um so I found it easier to basically &gt;&gt; Um so I found it easier to basically &gt;&gt; Um so I found it easier to basically because I know what I would do and I'm because I know what I would do and I'm because I know what I would do and I'm basically using the agents to speed me basically using the agents to speed me basically using the agents to speed me up. up. up. I basically say do my DB layer 4 first. I basically say do my DB layer 4 first. I basically say do my DB layer 4 first. Now do my routting. Now build my form. Now do my routting. Now build my form. Now do my routting. Now build my form. Now do the API call. Um now add the Now do the API call. Um now add the Now do the API call. Um now add the validation messages. and I do it in a validation messages. and I do it in a validation messages. and I do it in a staggered order instead of just giving staggered order instead of just giving staggered order instead of just giving it one big task which I know almost it one big task which I know almost it one big task which I know almost defeats being doing it in a gentic way defeats being doing it in a gentic way defeats being doing it in a gentic way in some cases as in the whole point of in some cases as in the whole point of in some cases as in the whole point of the agent as it will go off and to it the agent as it will go off and to it the agent as it will go off and to it out between itself but I'm finding that out between itself but I'm finding that out between itself but I'm finding that kind of middle space between ask and kind of middle space between ask and kind of middle space between ask and edit and agents. So I know I'm not fully edit and agents. So I know I'm not fully edit and agents. So I know I'm not fully wanting to go here's a massive task off wanting to go here's a massive task off wanting to go here's a massive task off you go you go you go &gt;&gt; but I also don't want to be going one &gt;&gt; but I also don't want to be going one &gt;&gt; but I also don't want to be going one task at a time all the time. I kind of task at a time all the time. I kind of task at a time all the time. I kind of want that middle small task as in I know want that middle small task as in I know want that middle small task as in I know there's 10 blocks. there's 10 blocks. there's 10 blocks. &gt;&gt; I want you to do two of them at a go, &gt;&gt; I want you to do two of them at a go, &gt;&gt; I want you to do two of them at a go, two of them at a go, two of them at a two of them at a go, two of them at a two of them at a go, two of them at a go, and then the next the final two. And go, and then the next the final two. And go, and then the next the final two. And I find that's easier for you to explain I find that's easier for you to explain I find that's easier for you to explain to the agents. It's easier to define to the agents. It's easier to define to the agents. It's easier to define what good looks like and what done looks what good looks like and what done looks what good looks like and what done looks like. like. like. &gt;&gt; And I'm finding that even though it's a &gt;&gt; And I'm finding that even though it's a &gt;&gt; And I'm finding that even though it's a bit more typing, bit more typing, bit more typing, &gt;&gt; it's more accurate and it's speeding me &gt;&gt; it's more accurate and it's speeding me &gt;&gt; it's more accurate and it's speeding me up overall. Whereas when I do them too up overall. Whereas when I do them too up overall. Whereas when I do them too big, I'm finding I'm spending too much big, I'm finding I'm spending too much big, I'm finding I'm spending too much time going back and forth and sometimes time going back and forth and sometimes time going back and forth and sometimes ending up in those loops that you ending up in those loops that you ending up in those loops that you mentioned. And those loops sometimes mentioned. And those loops sometimes mentioned. And those loops sometimes like that can be 30 40 minutes gone like that can be 30 40 minutes gone like that can be 30 40 minutes gone because you're not even aware. You're because you're not even aware. You're because you're not even aware. You're just like just like just like &gt;&gt; I you are going to do what I say and you &gt;&gt; I you are going to do what I say and you &gt;&gt; I you are going to do what I say and you sort yourself out. You're a robot. Like sort yourself out. You're a robot. Like sort yourself out. You're a robot. Like &gt;&gt; get your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together. Remember, do you &gt;&gt; get your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together. Remember, do you &gt;&gt; get your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together. Remember, do you remember a few weeks ago where I said to remember a few weeks ago where I said to remember a few weeks ago where I said to you on a Sunday night, "Oh, I was trying you on a Sunday night, "Oh, I was trying you on a Sunday night, "Oh, I was trying to get this done with chat GPT and I've to get this done with chat GPT and I've to get this done with chat GPT and I've lost the whole day or something." That lost the whole day or something." That lost the whole day or something." That was why cuz I was like, you are going I was why cuz I was like, you are going I was why cuz I was like, you are going I am in charge here and you will do the am in charge here and you will do the am in charge here and you will do the thing. It's exactly what I did. But how thing. It's exactly what I did. But how thing. It's exactly what I did. But how but isn't that point about make the but isn't that point about make the but isn't that point about make the tasks as small as you can related to tasks as small as you can related to tasks as small as you can related to commit every and most interactions? like commit every and most interactions? like commit every and most interactions? like what what is the relationship between what what is the relationship between what what is the relationship between those two things if there is one? those two things if there is one? those two things if there is one? &gt;&gt; Well, so it's more like when the task &gt;&gt; Well, so it's more like when the task &gt;&gt; Well, so it's more like when the task has been done and you're happy with it, has been done and you're happy with it, has been done and you're happy with it, then I commit it. So instead of then then I commit it. So instead of then then I commit it. So instead of then going on to task two because task two going on to task two because task two going on to task two because task two could screw up task one. could screw up task one. could screw up task one. &gt;&gt; So I'm almost like baselining my own &gt;&gt; So I'm almost like baselining my own &gt;&gt; So I'm almost like baselining my own code base as in to say that's a good code base as in to say that's a good code base as in to say that's a good level, that's a good point, that's a level, that's a good point, that's a level, that's a good point, that's a good point. Even though the feature is good point. Even though the feature is good point. Even though the feature is not finished, not finished, not finished, I'm doing it to protect it screwing up I'm doing it to protect it screwing up I'm doing it to protect it screwing up the next step. Well, let let me let me the next step. Well, let let me let me the next step. Well, let let me let me rephrase it then. What I mean is, could rephrase it then. What I mean is, could rephrase it then. What I mean is, could you not make the tasks as small as you you not make the tasks as small as you you not make the tasks as small as you can and commit every slashmost can and commit every slashmost can and commit every slashmost interaction? interaction? interaction? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, you could do, but I think if &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, you could do, but I think if &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, you could do, but I think if you don't make them small, you run the you don't make them small, you run the you don't make them small, you run the risk of it basically changing far more risk of it basically changing far more risk of it basically changing far more than you expect and then you might than you expect and then you might than you expect and then you might commit stuff that you're not aware of. commit stuff that you're not aware of. commit stuff that you're not aware of. &gt;&gt; Committing bigger chunks. &gt;&gt; Committing bigger chunks. &gt;&gt; Committing bigger chunks. &gt;&gt; Exactly. And also, &gt;&gt; Exactly. And also, &gt;&gt; Exactly. And also, &gt;&gt; it takes longer and sometimes it, you &gt;&gt; it takes longer and sometimes it, you &gt;&gt; it takes longer and sometimes it, you know, again, we're all biased by looking know, again, we're all biased by looking know, again, we're all biased by looking at certain things, right? if it's making at certain things, right? if it's making at certain things, right? if it's making a big deal about a validation message or a big deal about a validation message or a big deal about a validation message or something else, for example. I don't I'm something else, for example. I don't I'm something else, for example. I don't I'm just making this up, right? You're kind just making this up, right? You're kind just making this up, right? You're kind of drawn to look over there and that of drawn to look over there and that of drawn to look over there and that means you don't do as much looking over means you don't do as much looking over means you don't do as much looking over here perhaps. Um and it's very easy. here perhaps. Um and it's very easy. here perhaps. Um and it's very easy. It's not It's not It's not &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's very easy when you go through &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's very easy when you go through &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's very easy when you go through the IDE just to be like keep keep. the IDE just to be like keep keep. the IDE just to be like keep keep. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um so that's another thing. Um and then &gt;&gt; Um so that's another thing. Um and then &gt;&gt; Um so that's another thing. Um and then sorry like two and three are the same. sorry like two and three are the same. sorry like two and three are the same. But yeah, like as I mentioned the same But yeah, like as I mentioned the same But yeah, like as I mentioned the same thing, what's number three? Tell the thing, what's number three? Tell the thing, what's number three? Tell the folks what number three is. folks what number three is. folks what number three is. &gt;&gt; Number three was what I just said. &gt;&gt; Number three was what I just said. &gt;&gt; Number three was what I just said. Sorry. It was using the AI to help you Sorry. It was using the AI to help you Sorry. It was using the AI to help you break it down into a task. So if you break it down into a task. So if you break it down into a task. So if you don't know what smaller steps look like don't know what smaller steps look like don't know what smaller steps look like because you've never you've never built because you've never you've never built because you've never you've never built an XJS before. an XJS before. an XJS before. &gt;&gt; Tell me what you're going to do. &gt;&gt; Tell me what you're going to do. &gt;&gt; Tell me what you're going to do. &gt;&gt; Exactly. So use it in as mode to find &gt;&gt; Exactly. So use it in as mode to find &gt;&gt; Exactly. So use it in as mode to find out what it would do and then use that out what it would do and then use that out what it would do and then use that to be come up with a num. Another thing to be come up with a num. Another thing to be come up with a num. Another thing that um I got this from Mark that um I got this from Mark that um I got this from Mark Winteringham a long time ago as well was Winteringham a long time ago as well was Winteringham a long time ago as well was the um basically listing it in step the um basically listing it in step the um basically listing it in step order as well. So basically number one order as well. So basically number one order as well. So basically number one do this, number two do this, number do this, number two do this, number do this, number two do this, number three do this and I want you to do them three do this and I want you to do them three do this and I want you to do them in order like because then it will do in order like because then it will do in order like because then it will do them in order. Whereas when you write, them in order. Whereas when you write, them in order. Whereas when you write, you know, if you write a load of you know, if you write a load of you know, if you write a load of English, which is and I want you to add English, which is and I want you to add English, which is and I want you to add validation and I want you to do this, validation and I want you to do this, validation and I want you to do this, it's going to mush all that together and it's going to mush all that together and it's going to mush all that together and basically end up with you want a form of basically end up with you want a form of basically end up with you want a form of validation and blah blah blah and do it validation and blah blah blah and do it validation and blah blah blah and do it in whatever order it thinks is correct in whatever order it thinks is correct in whatever order it thinks is correct as opposed to an order that you you as opposed to an order that you you as opposed to an order that you you think is better or the right the order think is better or the right the order think is better or the right the order you would code it if you were coding it you would code it if you were coding it you would code it if you were coding it yourself because like there's no point yourself because like there's no point yourself because like there's no point building a form for example and there's building a form for example and there's building a form for example and there's no point building the UI of a form no point building the UI of a form no point building the UI of a form when you know when you open it, it's when you know when you open it, it's when you know when you open it, it's going to error because there's no going to error because there's no going to error because there's no routing to go to that page. You can't routing to go to that page. You can't routing to go to that page. You can't even go to the page. So, you built a even go to the page. So, you built a even go to the page. So, you built a nice page, but you can't see it. nice page, but you can't see it. nice page, but you can't see it. &gt;&gt; I'll get to it. &gt;&gt; I'll get to it. &gt;&gt; I'll get to it. &gt;&gt; So, it's like that's not a useful order &gt;&gt; So, it's like that's not a useful order &gt;&gt; So, it's like that's not a useful order to build things in. You might as well to build things in. You might as well to build things in. You might as well build the build the routting and then build the build the routting and then build the build the routting and then build a page that just says hello build a page that just says hello build a page that just says hello Richard on it and now you know your Richard on it and now you know your Richard on it and now you know your rooting works and then you can build rooting works and then you can build rooting works and then you can build your form for example. Um, your form for example. Um, your form for example. Um, so yeah, that was that one. I mean, so yeah, that was that one. I mean, so yeah, that was that one. I mean, &gt;&gt; so you can take See, I'm I'm talking &gt;&gt; so you can take See, I'm I'm talking &gt;&gt; so you can take See, I'm I'm talking from a perspective of I I have not fired from a perspective of I I have not fired from a perspective of I I have not fired up these tools, right? So you can, but up these tools, right? So you can, but up these tools, right? So you can, but what I'm liking it, it's reminding me of what I'm liking it, it's reminding me of what I'm liking it, it's reminding me of when I watch somebody like like a James when I watch somebody like like a James when I watch somebody like like a James Thomas or somebody like that work in the Thomas or somebody like that work in the Thomas or somebody like that work in the command line where they're taking the command line where they're taking the command line where they're taking the output of one file or command and then output of one file or command and then output of one file or command and then piping it into another one piping it into another one piping it into another one &gt;&gt; and then doing a thing and then it &gt;&gt; and then doing a thing and then it &gt;&gt; and then doing a thing and then it almost sounds like you're going, "Oh, in almost sounds like you're going, "Oh, in almost sounds like you're going, "Oh, in as mode you're saying blah." And then as mode you're saying blah." And then as mode you're saying blah." And then you're taking that and then putting it you're taking that and then putting it you're taking that and then putting it into agent mode and saying right go do into agent mode and saying right go do into agent mode and saying right go do that thing and then do you know what I that thing and then do you know what I that thing and then do you know what I mean? It's it it sounds it's pretty cool mean? It's it it sounds it's pretty cool mean? It's it it sounds it's pretty cool actually. It's pretty cool. actually. It's pretty cool. actually. It's pretty cool. &gt;&gt; Well under the hood. So we've not you &gt;&gt; Well under the hood. So we've not you &gt;&gt; Well under the hood. So we've not you know just to take one step away and back know just to take one step away and back know just to take one step away and back to that the person deleting their DB. to that the person deleting their DB. to that the person deleting their DB. One of the other things that recent One of the other things that recent One of the other things that recent changes was it can now open a browser changes was it can now open a browser changes was it can now open a browser and use playright to talk to the and use playright to talk to the and use playright to talk to the browser. So one thing you can do now in browser. So one thing you can do now in browser. So one thing you can do now in your prompt is you can include that you your prompt is you can include that you your prompt is you can include that you want it to test it. And I don't mean want it to test it. And I don't mean want it to test it. And I don't mean automatically test it as in write an automatically test it as in write an automatically test it as in write an automated test. You can tell it and I automated test. You can tell it and I automated test. You can tell it and I want you to check that it works. And want you to check that it works. And want you to check that it works. And then what it does is it then what it does is it then what it does is it &gt;&gt; Yeah. People getting very excited. &gt;&gt; Yeah. People getting very excited. &gt;&gt; Yeah. People getting very excited. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It opens the browser. It will &gt;&gt; Yeah. It opens the browser. It will &gt;&gt; Yeah. It opens the browser. It will navigate to where it thinks it needs to navigate to where it thinks it needs to navigate to where it thinks it needs to go. go. go. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You could literally say to it, oh, you &gt;&gt; You could literally say to it, oh, you &gt;&gt; You could literally say to it, oh, you you know, let's say we've built a new you know, let's say we've built a new you know, let's say we've built a new shop, shop, shop, &gt;&gt; but there is no shops in the system. &gt;&gt; but there is no shops in the system. &gt;&gt; but there is no shops in the system. &gt;&gt; You can basically tell it you need a &gt;&gt; You can basically tell it you need a &gt;&gt; You can basically tell it you need a shop. And then it will look at your shop. And then it will look at your shop. And then it will look at your code, look at your schema, and then it code, look at your schema, and then it code, look at your schema, and then it will build a seed file. then probably will build a seed file. then probably will build a seed file. then probably ask you can I run and you know can I run ask you can I run and you know can I run ask you can I run and you know can I run prisma generate seed and then it will go prisma generate seed and then it will go prisma generate seed and then it will go oh it told me it's ID1 and then it will oh it told me it's ID1 and then it will oh it told me it's ID1 and then it will go to shop slash one like it's pretty go to shop slash one like it's pretty go to shop slash one like it's pretty cool like it can do those things cool like it can do those things cool like it can do those things &gt;&gt; um but again it's it's the the &gt;&gt; um but again it's it's the the &gt;&gt; um but again it's it's the the experience of the engineer to go was experience of the engineer to go was experience of the engineer to go was that a good enough test is that you know that a good enough test is that you know that a good enough test is that you know does that work does that work does that work &gt;&gt; this is the thing that is this is the &gt;&gt; this is the thing that is this is the &gt;&gt; this is the thing that is this is the thing thing thing &gt;&gt; I keep I keep this reference is going to &gt;&gt; I keep I keep this reference is going to &gt;&gt; I keep I keep this reference is going to be so wasted up Yeah, you already know be so wasted up Yeah, you already know be so wasted up Yeah, you already know where I'm going with this. So, like one where I'm going with this. So, like one where I'm going with this. So, like one of my favorite TV shows is Star Trek is of my favorite TV shows is Star Trek is of my favorite TV shows is Star Trek is Star Trek, especially Star Trek the Next Star Trek, especially Star Trek the Next Star Trek, especially Star Trek the Next Generation. And they are constantly I' Generation. And they are constantly I' Generation. And they are constantly I' I've got a picture of Jordi Leforge. He I've got a picture of Jordi Leforge. He I've got a picture of Jordi Leforge. He was like the chief engineer on the on was like the chief engineer on the on was like the chief engineer on the on the Starship Enterprise and the next the Starship Enterprise and the next the Starship Enterprise and the next generation, you know, and him and data generation, you know, and him and data generation, you know, and him and data and god knows who else to be constantly and god knows who else to be constantly and god knows who else to be constantly talking to the computer, asking it talking to the computer, asking it talking to the computer, asking it questions, telling it to do this. And it questions, telling it to do this. And it questions, telling it to do this. And it was very very conversational and it was very very conversational and it was very very conversational and it feels like with every evolution or feels like with every evolution or feels like with every evolution or additional feature we're becoming closer additional feature we're becoming closer additional feature we're becoming closer and closer to that. But the reason I and closer to that. But the reason I and closer to that. But the reason I bring it up is you know Jordi Leforge, bring it up is you know Jordi Leforge, bring it up is you know Jordi Leforge, Lieutenant Jordi Leforge was a was like Lieutenant Jordi Leforge was a was like Lieutenant Jordi Leforge was a was like a bad boy engineer. Like he knew about a bad boy engineer. Like he knew about a bad boy engineer. Like he knew about engineering. So he wasn't just it's it's engineering. So he wasn't just it's it's engineering. So he wasn't just it's it's what you were saying before. It's what you were saying before. It's what you were saying before. It's you can give these tools to people who you can give these tools to people who you can give these tools to people who don't understand software engineering don't understand software engineering don't understand software engineering and they can accomplish some things and and they can accomplish some things and and they can accomplish some things and I imagine that would be different if you I imagine that would be different if you I imagine that would be different if you give it to somebody who isn't software give it to somebody who isn't software give it to somebody who isn't software engineer they could also accomplish some engineer they could also accomplish some engineer they could also accomplish some things but they would accomplish it I things but they would accomplish it I things but they would accomplish it I don't know what the right word is better don't know what the right word is better don't know what the right word is better more effectively differently because more effectively differently because more effectively differently because they have a different appreciation of they have a different appreciation of they have a different appreciation of what the tool was doing under the hood what the tool was doing under the hood what the tool was doing under the hood they may use it in a way that was they may use it in a way that was they may use it in a way that was different to the way that somebody like different to the way that somebody like different to the way that somebody like me would use it or somebody like you me would use it or somebody like you me would use it or somebody like you know my dad would use my Jesus imagine know my dad would use my Jesus imagine know my dad would use my Jesus imagine my dad using chat GPT bloody my dad using chat GPT bloody my dad using chat GPT bloody &gt;&gt; hell you're you're right right so be &gt;&gt; hell you're you're right right so be &gt;&gt; hell you're you're right right so be like that just I'm just going to quickly like that just I'm just going to quickly like that just I'm just going to quickly fly through the other tips right it was fly through the other tips right it was fly through the other tips right it was test early and test often review the test early and test often review the test early and test often review the code yourself and review get other code yourself and review get other code yourself and review get other models to review the solutions and the models to review the solutions and the models to review the solutions and the reason why I brought that up is reason why I brought that up is reason why I brought that up is um like talking about things like code um like talking about things like code um like talking about things like code quality and standards and patterns and quality and standards and patterns and quality and standards and patterns and um good practices if you don't know what um good practices if you don't know what um good practices if you don't know what they are they are they are &gt;&gt; you can't &gt;&gt; you can't &gt;&gt; you can't &gt;&gt; review the code. So &gt;&gt; review the code. So &gt;&gt; review the code. So &gt;&gt; in what you just said, you yes, you will &gt;&gt; in what you just said, you yes, you will &gt;&gt; in what you just said, you yes, you will get a working website. Absolutely you get a working website. Absolutely you get a working website. Absolutely you will. And if you keep going at it and will. And if you keep going at it and will. And if you keep going at it and like letting it, you know, keep going like letting it, you know, keep going like letting it, you know, keep going until it gets out of its loops because until it gets out of its loops because until it gets out of its loops because you don't know. You can't stop it if you you don't know. You can't stop it if you you don't know. You can't stop it if you don't know. You're just going to keep don't know. You're just going to keep don't know. You're just going to keep going until you get the page right and going until you get the page right and going until you get the page right and you're going to keep refining what you're going to keep refining what you're going to keep refining what you're asking it and you're going to get you're asking it and you're going to get you're asking it and you're going to get pissed off and you're going to get pissed off and you're going to get pissed off and you're going to get annoyed. You're like, "No, I said there annoyed. You're like, "No, I said there annoyed. You're like, "No, I said there should be pink border." And you're just should be pink border." And you're just should be pink border." And you're just going to keep going, right? going to keep going, right? going to keep going, right? &gt;&gt; And eventually you will get what you &gt;&gt; And eventually you will get what you &gt;&gt; And eventually you will get what you want. Whereas, but a skilled engineer want. Whereas, but a skilled engineer want. Whereas, but a skilled engineer would be be able to write something more would be be able to write something more would be be able to write something more like, no, you keep changing the border like, no, you keep changing the border like, no, you keep changing the border dashed. Um, I want you to use tailwind dashed. Um, I want you to use tailwind dashed. Um, I want you to use tailwind class A. class A. class A. &gt;&gt; You're going to get out of that loop so &gt;&gt; You're going to get out of that loop so &gt;&gt; You're going to get out of that loop so much quicker. And then also, you're much quicker. And then also, you're much quicker. And then also, you're going to be able to notice not just when going to be able to notice not just when going to be able to notice not just when you get stuck in those loops, you're you get stuck in those loops, you're you get stuck in those loops, you're going to be able to see the code it going to be able to see the code it going to be able to see the code it generated and go, that is absolute generated and go, that is absolute generated and go, that is absolute trash. trash. trash. &gt;&gt; That is not the pattern that I want to &gt;&gt; That is not the pattern that I want to &gt;&gt; That is not the pattern that I want to use in this codebase. And then you can use in this codebase. And then you can use in this codebase. And then you can say use pattern A say use pattern A say use pattern A &gt;&gt; or as I mentioned at the start, you can &gt;&gt; or as I mentioned at the start, you can &gt;&gt; or as I mentioned at the start, you can define that from the very beginning. define that from the very beginning. define that from the very beginning. &gt;&gt; And there's cool things now that I've &gt;&gt; And there's cool things now that I've &gt;&gt; And there's cool things now that I've not had chance to play around with yet, not had chance to play around with yet, not had chance to play around with yet, but you can have um you can have uh but you can have um you can have uh but you can have um you can have uh templates saved in GitHub copilot templates saved in GitHub copilot templates saved in GitHub copilot &gt;&gt; that basically are part of every prompt. &gt;&gt; that basically are part of every prompt. &gt;&gt; that basically are part of every prompt. So you can write a template now that So you can write a template now that So you can write a template now that says I want all my Prisma to be written says I want all my Prisma to be written says I want all my Prisma to be written this way. I want all my APIs to be named this way. I want all my APIs to be named this way. I want all my APIs to be named this way. and you can write all these this way. and you can write all these this way. and you can write all these rules essentially. rules essentially. rules essentially. &gt;&gt; So you don't have to remember to tell it &gt;&gt; So you don't have to remember to tell it &gt;&gt; So you don't have to remember to tell it every time you start interacting with every time you start interacting with every time you start interacting with it. So I've not got round to doing any it. So I've not got round to doing any it. So I've not got round to doing any of that yet, but that sounds like it of that yet, but that sounds like it of that yet, but that sounds like it would solve a lot of challenges that would solve a lot of challenges that would solve a lot of challenges that I've come up where I'm having to repeat I've come up where I'm having to repeat I've come up where I'm having to repeat things like, you know, no, I don't like things like, you know, no, I don't like things like, you know, no, I don't like that class or stop me. One thing it that class or stop me. One thing it that class or stop me. One thing it keeps doing which I found annoying is it keeps doing which I found annoying is it keeps doing which I found annoying is it keeps um not adding the cursor to my keeps um not adding the cursor to my keeps um not adding the cursor to my buttons. buttons. buttons. &gt;&gt; So you know when you hover over a &gt;&gt; So you know when you hover over a &gt;&gt; So you know when you hover over a button, it changes the cursor. button, it changes the cursor. button, it changes the cursor. &gt;&gt; It keeps not adding that class. And I &gt;&gt; It keeps not adding that class. And I &gt;&gt; It keeps not adding that class. And I think it five times I said to it, you think it five times I said to it, you think it five times I said to it, you may keep making buttons that aren't um may keep making buttons that aren't um may keep making buttons that aren't um got the little cursor on it. It's like got the little cursor on it. It's like got the little cursor on it. It's like stop doing it. Like but now I could add stop doing it. Like but now I could add stop doing it. Like but now I could add that to a template and I would never that to a template and I would never that to a template and I would never have to ask it again. But I've not done have to ask it again. But I've not done have to ask it again. But I've not done that yet. that yet. that yet. &gt;&gt; My my my experience of these tools is I &gt;&gt; My my my experience of these tools is I &gt;&gt; My my my experience of these tools is I I find that specta it is enraging I find I find that specta it is enraging I find I find that specta it is enraging I find when it does that. when it does that. when it does that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It says, "Hey, you know, so so you &gt;&gt; Yeah. It says, "Hey, you know, so so you &gt;&gt; Yeah. It says, "Hey, you know, so so you know, you can create a project in in know, you can create a project in in know, you can create a project in in chat GPT and give it instructions and chat GPT and give it instructions and chat GPT and give it instructions and concept. Here's how I like to work. My concept. Here's how I like to work. My concept. Here's how I like to work. My my nemesis with chat GPT or N dashes and my nemesis with chat GPT or N dashes and my nemesis with chat GPT or N dashes and M dashes, you know, those long hyphens." M dashes, you know, those long hyphens." M dashes, you know, those long hyphens." &gt;&gt; Yeah, they're always coming up. Then &gt;&gt; Yeah, they're always coming up. Then &gt;&gt; Yeah, they're always coming up. Then &gt;&gt; it doesn't matter what I say to this &gt;&gt; it doesn't matter what I say to this &gt;&gt; it doesn't matter what I say to this thing, don't use them. It'll go, "Yeah, thing, don't use them. It'll go, "Yeah, thing, don't use them. It'll go, "Yeah, okay. I definitely won't use them." And okay. I definitely won't use them." And okay. I definitely won't use them." And then just splash the page in N dashes then just splash the page in N dashes then just splash the page in N dashes and M dashes. and M dashes. and M dashes. Why are you doing that? I don't need I Why are you doing that? I don't need I Why are you doing that? I don't need I don't that's not how I communicate, man. don't that's not how I communicate, man. don't that's not how I communicate, man. Or well or maybe it is verbally. When I Or well or maybe it is verbally. When I Or well or maybe it is verbally. When I write stuff down, it looks weird. I'm write stuff down, it looks weird. I'm write stuff down, it looks weird. I'm like, whoa, why you got all these bloody like, whoa, why you got all these bloody like, whoa, why you got all these bloody M dashes all over the place? Bloody M dashes all over the place? Bloody M dashes all over the place? Bloody emojis everywhere as well. But anyway, emojis everywhere as well. But anyway, emojis everywhere as well. But anyway, &gt;&gt; but I I find that is it is it is it as &gt;&gt; but I I find that is it is it is it as &gt;&gt; but I I find that is it is it is it as you know irritating in in in uh in these you know irritating in in in uh in these you know irritating in in in uh in these coding assistants and coding agents when coding assistants and coding agents when coding assistants and coding agents when you give it the context and instructions you give it the context and instructions you give it the context and instructions in a session does it tend to follow them in a session does it tend to follow them in a session does it tend to follow them or is it is it all geni under the hood? or is it is it all geni under the hood? or is it is it all geni under the hood? So it just kind of decides when it wants So it just kind of decides when it wants So it just kind of decides when it wants to listen and when it doesn't. to listen and when it doesn't. to listen and when it doesn't. &gt;&gt; It's a bit of everything mate. So to to &gt;&gt; It's a bit of everything mate. So to to &gt;&gt; It's a bit of everything mate. So to to say you know to go back to context say you know to go back to context say you know to go back to context engineering as it's now been labeled engineering as it's now been labeled engineering as it's now been labeled right you can only right you can only right you can only &gt;&gt; engineering sick. &gt;&gt; engineering sick. &gt;&gt; engineering sick. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So you know how we had prompt &gt;&gt; Yeah. So you know how we had prompt &gt;&gt; Yeah. So you know how we had prompt engineering try and get it to the right engineering try and get it to the right engineering try and get it to the right prompt. I think we've now realized that prompt. I think we've now realized that prompt. I think we've now realized that not now realize right someone gave it a not now realize right someone gave it a not now realize right someone gave it a fancy term right but I think back to fancy term right but I think back to fancy term right but I think back to some of our early episodes we spoke a some of our early episodes we spoke a some of our early episodes we spoke a lot about context. So now there's this lot about context. So now there's this lot about context. So now there's this um context engineering um phrase which um context engineering um phrase which um context engineering um phrase which is basically is basically is basically thinking about how much context you need thinking about how much context you need thinking about how much context you need to give it in know and then obviously to give it in know and then obviously to give it in know and then obviously then have a very good prompt like how then have a very good prompt like how then have a very good prompt like how much context does it need to know to be much context does it need to know to be much context does it need to know to be able to do what you're asking it to do. able to do what you're asking it to do. able to do what you're asking it to do. So a lot of that context was put into So a lot of that context was put into So a lot of that context was put into the prompt as in when people spoke about the prompt as in when people spoke about the prompt as in when people spoke about prompt engineering but now they've prompt engineering but now they've prompt engineering but now they've realized it's its own separate kind of realized it's its own separate kind of realized it's its own separate kind of thing. thing. thing. um and you have a good prompt on top. um and you have a good prompt on top. um and you have a good prompt on top. But yeah, it's like for so the reason But yeah, it's like for so the reason But yeah, it's like for so the reason why I mentioned that is yes, it does do why I mentioned that is yes, it does do why I mentioned that is yes, it does do an okay job, but one thing I found is an okay job, but one thing I found is an okay job, but one thing I found is once your code base becomes quite big, once your code base becomes quite big, once your code base becomes quite big, it starts to struggle because it can't it starts to struggle because it can't it starts to struggle because it can't find all the files that you want it to find all the files that you want it to find all the files that you want it to do. So I had um a LinkedIn exchange with do. So I had um a LinkedIn exchange with do. So I had um a LinkedIn exchange with um um um uh JIT on um earlier because he was uh JIT on um earlier because he was uh JIT on um earlier because he was asking people Yeah. Yeah. JS. He was asking people Yeah. Yeah. JS. He was asking people Yeah. Yeah. JS. He was asking if he'd had um anyone had success asking if he'd had um anyone had success asking if he'd had um anyone had success with refactoring. And I've had pretty with refactoring. And I've had pretty with refactoring. And I've had pretty poor success with refactoring on a large poor success with refactoring on a large poor success with refactoring on a large code base because it doesn't find all code base because it doesn't find all code base because it doesn't find all the right files and then it goes and the right files and then it goes and the right files and then it goes and rewrites a method and then doesn't rewrites a method and then doesn't rewrites a method and then doesn't update all the places that use that update all the places that use that update all the places that use that method, which blows my mind because you method, which blows my mind because you method, which blows my mind because you can literally write click the method and can literally write click the method and can literally write click the method and go find all references and the IDE will go find all references and the IDE will go find all references and the IDE will tell you everywhere that uses it. And I tell you everywhere that uses it. And I tell you everywhere that uses it. And I just don't get why that basic thing is just don't get why that basic thing is just don't get why that basic thing is not being used by the agents. Um, not being used by the agents. Um, not being used by the agents. Um, &gt;&gt; are you saying the cognitive load of the &gt;&gt; are you saying the cognitive load of the &gt;&gt; are you saying the cognitive load of the tool is smaller than a human? tool is smaller than a human? tool is smaller than a human? &gt;&gt; Yeah, literally that is exactly what I'm &gt;&gt; Yeah, literally that is exactly what I'm &gt;&gt; Yeah, literally that is exactly what I'm saying. So again, back to context and a saying. So again, back to context and a saying. So again, back to context and a back to that prompt templates and a back back to that prompt templates and a back back to that prompt templates and a back to how you know the rules and I think to how you know the rules and I think to how you know the rules and I think the people that are going to get the the people that are going to get the the people that are going to get the most out of these tools is the people most out of these tools is the people most out of these tools is the people that are able to define those rules well that are able to define those rules well that are able to define those rules well define what good likes have very solid define what good likes have very solid define what good likes have very solid templates templates templates and very tailored to their context. and very tailored to their context. and very tailored to their context. Whereas what I think will happen is Whereas what I think will happen is Whereas what I think will happen is we'll end up with people just taking we'll end up with people just taking we'll end up with people just taking somebody else's standards and approaches somebody else's standards and approaches somebody else's standards and approaches which we already have now. Like that's which we already have now. Like that's which we already have now. Like that's why we have fights around page object why we have fights around page object why we have fights around page object models and action models and screenplay models and action models and screenplay models and action models and screenplay patterns and everything else. We're patterns and everything else. We're patterns and everything else. We're going to end up with the same thing. going to end up with the same thing. going to end up with the same thing. We're going to end up biasing our agents We're going to end up biasing our agents We're going to end up biasing our agents based on a influencer or a experienced based on a influencer or a experienced based on a influencer or a experienced person's opinion on how you use tool A person's opinion on how you use tool A person's opinion on how you use tool A and tool B. Um, and tool B. Um, and tool B. Um, &gt;&gt; I'm just excited for context driven &gt;&gt; I'm just excited for context driven &gt;&gt; I'm just excited for context driven engineering to meet context driven engineering to meet context driven engineering to meet context driven testing and just testing and just testing and just &gt;&gt; well yes &gt;&gt; well yes &gt;&gt; well yes &gt;&gt; that is going to &gt;&gt; that is going to &gt;&gt; that is going to sick indeed sick indeed sick indeed &gt;&gt; and that's a big part of my keynote &gt;&gt; and that's a big part of my keynote &gt;&gt; and that's a big part of my keynote actually at um test it in September actually at um test it in September actually at um test it in September &gt;&gt; spoilers. Okay, nice. But and this was &gt;&gt; spoilers. Okay, nice. But and this was &gt;&gt; spoilers. Okay, nice. But and this was submitted before context engineering was submitted before context engineering was submitted before context engineering was a thing. But like I basically realized a thing. But like I basically realized a thing. But like I basically realized that I was getting more success that I was getting more success that I was getting more success &gt;&gt; because I was very good at explaining &gt;&gt; because I was very good at explaining &gt;&gt; because I was very good at explaining context. context. context. &gt;&gt; So &gt;&gt; So &gt;&gt; So &gt;&gt; she's just trying to pick himself up &gt;&gt; she's just trying to pick himself up &gt;&gt; she's just trying to pick himself up there. He's he's basically saying there. He's he's basically saying there. He's he's basically saying I'm so I invented this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] before I'm so I invented this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] before I'm so I invented this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] before everybody else invented this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] everybody else invented this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] everybody else invented this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; I wish. Excuse me. Um &gt;&gt; I wish. Excuse me. Um &gt;&gt; I wish. Excuse me. Um &gt;&gt; make yourself up, Rich. Don't be shy. &gt;&gt; make yourself up, Rich. Don't be shy. &gt;&gt; make yourself up, Rich. Don't be shy. Um, Um, Um, &gt;&gt; sorry. I wanted I wanted to do one more &gt;&gt; sorry. I wanted I wanted to do one more &gt;&gt; sorry. I wanted I wanted to do one more reference back to your Star Trek thing reference back to your Star Trek thing reference back to your Star Trek thing before we end. Right. So, you mentioned before we end. Right. So, you mentioned before we end. Right. So, you mentioned um I can't remember his name. George. um I can't remember his name. George. um I can't remember his name. George. Um, Um, Um, &gt;&gt; [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hell. Jordi Leford. God damn &gt;&gt; [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hell. Jordi Leford. God damn &gt;&gt; [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hell. Jordi Leford. God damn you. you. you. &gt;&gt; Oh, Jordy. Okay. Um, so Big G on the &gt;&gt; Oh, Jordy. Okay. Um, so Big G on the &gt;&gt; Oh, Jordy. Okay. Um, so Big G on the Star Trek um Enterprise ship. Um, Star Trek um Enterprise ship. Um, Star Trek um Enterprise ship. Um, Vernon's frozen so I can't see his Vernon's frozen so I can't see his Vernon's frozen so I can't see his reaction. Um, so you mentioned Georgie reaction. Um, so you mentioned Georgie reaction. Um, so you mentioned Georgie Georgie Georgie Georgie. Poor Gym Georgie Georgie Georgie. Poor Gym Georgie Georgie Georgie. Poor Gym Pudding and Pie. Um, Pudding and Pie. Um, Pudding and Pie. Um, &gt;&gt; listen, have some respect, Rachel. God &gt;&gt; listen, have some respect, Rachel. God &gt;&gt; listen, have some respect, Rachel. God damn it. damn it. damn it. &gt;&gt; So, but what I want to say because I &gt;&gt; So, but what I want to say because I &gt;&gt; So, but what I want to say because I know you've not had a chance to play know you've not had a chance to play know you've not had a chance to play with these tools as much, right? So, with these tools as much, right? So, with these tools as much, right? So, what you just described there and them what you just described there and them what you just described there and them having a conversation is very much how having a conversation is very much how having a conversation is very much how people are using the ask mode or chat people are using the ask mode or chat people are using the ask mode or chat GPT. Whereas when we bring in these GPT. Whereas when we bring in these GPT. Whereas when we bring in these agents, we're almost trying to we're agents, we're almost trying to we're agents, we're almost trying to we're we're replacing that conversation with a we're replacing that conversation with a we're replacing that conversation with a bunch of trained agents that are going bunch of trained agents that are going bunch of trained agents that are going to have that conversation on their own to have that conversation on their own to have that conversation on their own and give me a result at the end. So I and give me a result at the end. So I and give me a result at the end. So I don't know Star Trek not enough, right? don't know Star Trek not enough, right? don't know Star Trek not enough, right? But you know, I'm going to make But you know, I'm going to make But you know, I'm going to make something up and don't don't know, don't something up and don't don't know, don't something up and don't don't know, don't shoot me down, right? Um put put the shoot me down, right? Um put put the shoot me down, right? Um put put the engines at 98 put the engines at 98% engines at 98 put the engines at 98% engines at 98 put the engines at 98% thrust, right? thrust, right? thrust, right? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What? So, So, So, &gt;&gt; good example, &gt;&gt; good example, &gt;&gt; good example, &gt;&gt; but it can't be done, right? Because &gt;&gt; but it can't be done, right? Because &gt;&gt; but it can't be done, right? Because there's an issue. So, in this mode on there's an issue. So, in this mode on there's an issue. So, in this mode on the show, they're going to come back and the show, they're going to come back and the show, they're going to come back and say, "We can't do that because of reason say, "We can't do that because of reason say, "We can't do that because of reason A." And then Georgie, Georgie, Jordi, A." And then Georgie, Georgie, Jordi, A." And then Georgie, Georgie, Jordi, Georgie, um Georgie, um Georgie, um &gt;&gt; Jordy Jord is going to then say, "Oh, &gt;&gt; Jordy Jord is going to then say, "Oh, &gt;&gt; Jordy Jord is going to then say, "Oh, okay. Well, I know what that means. okay. Well, I know what that means. okay. Well, I know what that means. Therefore, I want you to go and turn on Therefore, I want you to go and turn on Therefore, I want you to go and turn on setting A, B, and C, and then try setting A, B, and C, and then try setting A, B, and C, and then try again." Right? Whereas with the agentic again." Right? Whereas with the agentic again." Right? Whereas with the agentic approach, there will already be an agent approach, there will already be an agent approach, there will already be an agent trained to deal with that scenario where trained to deal with that scenario where trained to deal with that scenario where you've coded your knowledge and your the you've coded your knowledge and your the you've coded your knowledge and your the basically the manual into this agent basically the manual into this agent basically the manual into this agent &gt;&gt; and it the in the first thing the &gt;&gt; and it the in the first thing the &gt;&gt; and it the in the first thing the computer will do instead of saying I computer will do instead of saying I computer will do instead of saying I couldn't get to 98%. couldn't get to 98%. couldn't get to 98%. It will go and it will go I couldn't get It will go and it will go I couldn't get It will go and it will go I couldn't get to 98%. What can I do? to 98%. What can I do? to 98%. What can I do? &gt;&gt; Oh, there's um there's a Frost expert &gt;&gt; Oh, there's um there's a Frost expert &gt;&gt; Oh, there's um there's a Frost expert agent over there. I'm going to go and agent over there. I'm going to go and agent over there. I'm going to go and ask them him or the him them um um what ask them him or the him them um um what ask them him or the him them um um what to do and then it will then come back to do and then it will then come back to do and then it will then come back and give it some you know information and give it some you know information and give it some you know information and it will go back and forth between and it will go back and forth between and it will go back and forth between all these agents that it knows about all these agents that it knows about all these agents that it knows about &gt;&gt; instead of coming back to you as a &gt;&gt; instead of coming back to you as a &gt;&gt; instead of coming back to you as a human. It basically wants to come back human. It basically wants to come back human. It basically wants to come back to you to either say I've done it or I to you to either say I've done it or I to you to either say I've done it or I failed. failed. failed. &gt;&gt; It doesn't want to come back to you to &gt;&gt; It doesn't want to come back to you to &gt;&gt; It doesn't want to come back to you to ask you questions and tell you it it ask you questions and tell you it it ask you questions and tell you it it won't it basically will just keep going won't it basically will just keep going won't it basically will just keep going until it either fails. And that's why um until it either fails. And that's why um until it either fails. And that's why um I think in a pre very episodes back we I think in a pre very episodes back we I think in a pre very episodes back we spoke about goals that that it goal is spoke about goals that that it goal is spoke about goals that that it goal is to try and complete what you've just to try and complete what you've just to try and complete what you've just said. So it goal is to get the engines said. So it goal is to get the engines said. So it goal is to get the engines to 98%. to 98%. to 98%. &gt;&gt; It might be stuck in a loop for 10 &gt;&gt; It might be stuck in a loop for 10 &gt;&gt; It might be stuck in a loop for 10 minutes and at that point you crashed minutes and at that point you crashed minutes and at that point you crashed into the big red planet into the big red planet into the big red planet &gt;&gt; and everyone's dead. &gt;&gt; and everyone's dead. &gt;&gt; and everyone's dead. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like so and that's the thing that I find so and that's the thing that I find so and that's the thing that I find people aren't fully connecting some of people aren't fully connecting some of people aren't fully connecting some of the dots yet when you try and go fully the dots yet when you try and go fully the dots yet when you try and go fully agentic agentic agentic the the and also the step to get there the the and also the step to get there the the and also the step to get there is so more um um time consuming and is so more um um time consuming and is so more um um time consuming and exhaustive because you have to try and exhaustive because you have to try and exhaustive because you have to try and code as many of these agents and rules code as many of these agents and rules code as many of these agents and rules and different personas and everything and different personas and everything and different personas and everything else else else takes a long time. So, takes a long time. So, takes a long time. So, &gt;&gt; this is going to have to be another &gt;&gt; this is going to have to be another &gt;&gt; this is going to have to be another episode because we've been at this for episode because we've been at this for episode because we've been at this for an hour. But the questions that just an hour. But the questions that just an hour. But the questions that just sprang to mind when you said that were sprang to mind when you said that were sprang to mind when you said that were um so where will we get what would the um so where will we get what would the um so where will we get what would the benefit be? Because we we're still going benefit be? Because we we're still going benefit be? Because we we're still going to have to cuz what you hear people talk to have to cuz what you hear people talk to have to cuz what you hear people talk a lot about with when it comes to tools a lot about with when it comes to tools a lot about with when it comes to tools is efficiency, time, ease. is efficiency, time, ease. is efficiency, time, ease. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Um there's a really good I need to find Did there's a really good I need to find Did there's a really good I need to find Did I save it? I save it? I save it? Oh, any I'll I'll I'll find there's a Oh, any I'll I'll I'll find there's a Oh, any I'll I'll I'll find there's a there's a really funny um post that I there's a really funny um post that I there's a really funny um post that I saw that talked about the promises that saw that talked about the promises that saw that talked about the promises that we keep making about all these tools, we keep making about all these tools, we keep making about all these tools, the technologies that never deliver. the technologies that never deliver. the technologies that never deliver. Anyway, um we're going to have to spend Anyway, um we're going to have to spend Anyway, um we're going to have to spend a lot of time training up multiple a lot of time training up multiple a lot of time training up multiple agents to do a thing. We have to do that agents to do a thing. We have to do that agents to do a thing. We have to do that with humans anyway. We're going to have with humans anyway. We're going to have with humans anyway. We're going to have to spend a lot of time giving as much to spend a lot of time giving as much to spend a lot of time giving as much context to these agents as possible to context to these agents as possible to context to these agents as possible to help them train and understand the help them train and understand the help them train and understand the situation, what's going on. So, I wonder situation, what's going on. So, I wonder situation, what's going on. So, I wonder I wonder where the benefit is, but I wonder where the benefit is, but I wonder where the benefit is, but that's that's quite a large question and that's that's quite a large question and that's that's quite a large question and maybe we should save that for another maybe we should save that for another maybe we should save that for another &gt;&gt; I've got one very I've got one very &gt;&gt; I've got one very I've got one very &gt;&gt; I've got one very I've got one very quick answer to that is I don't think quick answer to that is I don't think quick answer to that is I don't think you will. I think we'll get to the point you will. I think we'll get to the point you will. I think we'll get to the point where you'll just buy them. I think in where you'll just buy them. I think in where you'll just buy them. I think in unless you're building your own for your unless you're building your own for your unless you're building your own for your own tooling, I think if you're using it own tooling, I think if you're using it own tooling, I think if you're using it for your day-to-day life and day-to-day for your day-to-day life and day-to-day for your day-to-day life and day-to-day tasks at work, you will essentially just tasks at work, you will essentially just tasks at work, you will essentially just buy them that someone else has trained buy them that someone else has trained buy them that someone else has trained them. them. them. &gt;&gt; I mean, you buy them. Oh, so, so, so &gt;&gt; I mean, you buy them. Oh, so, so, so &gt;&gt; I mean, you buy them. Oh, so, so, so instead of hiring a human, you would buy instead of hiring a human, you would buy instead of hiring a human, you would buy an agent. an agent. an agent. &gt;&gt; You're going to buy an agent that's been &gt;&gt; You're going to buy an agent that's been &gt;&gt; You're going to buy an agent that's been trained to book a flight for you. You're trained to book a flight for you. You're trained to book a flight for you. You're going to buy an agent that's been going to buy an agent that's been going to buy an agent that's been trained to book a restaurant. You're trained to book a restaurant. You're trained to book a restaurant. You're going to buy an agent that knows how to going to buy an agent that knows how to going to buy an agent that knows how to code Next.js. I think we're going to get code Next.js. I think we're going to get code Next.js. I think we're going to get to the point where we have very specific to the point where we have very specific to the point where we have very specific tailored agents and you're almost going tailored agents and you're almost going tailored agents and you're almost going to buy them like you would books and to buy them like you would books and to buy them like you would books and stuff like that's my early way I see it stuff like that's my early way I see it stuff like that's my early way I see it going because to train them incred to do going because to train them incred to do going because to train them incred to do to train them to be so like you have to to train them to be so like you have to to train them to be so like you have to codify so much knowledge to make them codify so much knowledge to make them codify so much knowledge to make them any good. Um any good. Um any good. Um &gt;&gt; what else you need to do? &gt;&gt; what else you need to do? &gt;&gt; what else you need to do? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's my early hunch. I think it &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's my early hunch. I think it &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's my early hunch. I think it will happen. Now, honestly, I think it will happen. Now, honestly, I think it will happen. Now, honestly, I think it will happen. But will happen. But will happen. But &gt;&gt; do you know what? Do you know what else &gt;&gt; do you know what? Do you know what else &gt;&gt; do you know what? Do you know what else you just you just reminded me? I might you just you just reminded me? I might you just you just reminded me? I might have mentioned this before in another have mentioned this before in another have mentioned this before in another episode, but Meredith Meredith Whitaker, episode, but Meredith Meredith Whitaker, episode, but Meredith Meredith Whitaker, she she a CEO Signal or or she's at the she she a CEO Signal or or she's at the she she a CEO Signal or or she's at the top of the tree somewhere on at Signal, top of the tree somewhere on at Signal, top of the tree somewhere on at Signal, and she was talking about um agents. So, and she was talking about um agents. So, and she was talking about um agents. So, Signal, for the folks who don't know, is Signal, for the folks who don't know, is Signal, for the folks who don't know, is a is a messaging app that is very very a is a messaging app that is very very a is a messaging app that is very very very security and privacy focused. And very security and privacy focused. And very security and privacy focused. And when she was talking about agents, it when she was talking about agents, it when she was talking about agents, it was a there's a video clip. I'll try and was a there's a video clip. I'll try and was a there's a video clip. I'll try and add it to the show notes. And it's very add it to the show notes. And it's very add it to the show notes. And it's very sobering. It talks because she talks sobering. It talks because she talks sobering. It talks because she talks about, you know, yeah, these agents, the about, you know, yeah, these agents, the about, you know, yeah, these agents, the you know, shows, first of all, the you know, shows, first of all, the you know, shows, first of all, the promise of the agents is a bit wild in promise of the agents is a bit wild in promise of the agents is a bit wild in the first place. But let's just say it the first place. But let's just say it the first place. But let's just say it could do all these things. The amount of could do all these things. The amount of could do all these things. The amount of access that you'd have to give it access that you'd have to give it access that you'd have to give it &gt;&gt; in order for it to do the thing &gt;&gt; in order for it to do the thing &gt;&gt; in order for it to do the thing &gt;&gt; crazy &gt;&gt; crazy &gt;&gt; crazy &gt;&gt; is I'm paraphrasing what she said. It's &gt;&gt; is I'm paraphrasing what she said. It's &gt;&gt; is I'm paraphrasing what she said. It's terrifying. terrifying. terrifying. I don't think she used that word, but I don't think she used that word, but I don't think she used that word, but that's what I felt like when I was that's what I felt like when I was that's what I felt like when I was listening to her um explain what because listening to her um explain what because listening to her um explain what because for example to book to book a restaurant for example to book to book a restaurant for example to book to book a restaurant sounds pretty benign. You would need to sounds pretty benign. You would need to sounds pretty benign. You would need to give it access to your browser so they give it access to your browser so they give it access to your browser so they could go and book the thing your browser could go and book the thing your browser could go and book the thing your browser history. Your really your browser history. Your really your browser history. Your really your browser history people. And then you're also history people. And then you're also history people. And then you're also going to have to give it access to your going to have to give it access to your going to have to give it access to your friends list, your contact book. friends list, your contact book. friends list, your contact book. &gt;&gt; Yeah, potentially. Yeah. You're going to &gt;&gt; Yeah, potentially. Yeah. You're going to &gt;&gt; Yeah, potentially. Yeah. You're going to have to give it access to something like have to give it access to something like have to give it access to something like Signal to go and message everyone and Signal to go and message everyone and Signal to go and message everyone and say, "Oh, we've made the booking for say, "Oh, we've made the booking for say, "Oh, we've made the booking for such and such time." You're going to such and such time." You're going to such and such time." You're going to have to give it access to all your have to give it access to all your have to give it access to all your payment information. And then two, one payment information. And then two, one payment information. And then two, one or two things she said which I hadn't or two things she said which I hadn't or two things she said which I hadn't thought about cuz she's, you know, thought about cuz she's, you know, thought about cuz she's, you know, significantly smarter than I. significantly smarter than I. significantly smarter than I. She was saying, um, because She was saying, um, because She was saying, um, because there's two really important things that there's two really important things that there's two really important things that she said that really blew my mind. said she said that really blew my mind. said she said that really blew my mind. said because there's no way for these because there's no way for these because there's no way for these applications to communicate with each applications to communicate with each applications to communicate with each other directly. It's all going to have other directly. It's all going to have other directly. It's all going to have to happen to happen to happen &gt;&gt; off of your devices. All of that &gt;&gt; off of your devices. All of that &gt;&gt; off of your devices. All of that interaction will not happen on your interaction will not happen on your interaction will not happen on your devices necessarily. And then she also devices necessarily. And then she also devices necessarily. And then she also said there is no protocol necessarily to said there is no protocol necessarily to said there is no protocol necessarily to like you'd basically have to unencrypt like you'd basically have to unencrypt like you'd basically have to unencrypt everything everything everything &gt;&gt; so that the tool could see what was &gt;&gt; so that the tool could see what was &gt;&gt; so that the tool could see what was what. So, it's not on your machine and what. So, it's not on your machine and what. So, it's not on your machine and it's not encrypted and it's got access it's not encrypted and it's got access it's not encrypted and it's got access to absolutely everything just to book a to absolutely everything just to book a to absolutely everything just to book a dinner date with your mates at the dinner date with your mates at the dinner date with your mates at the restaurant. restaurant. restaurant. &gt;&gt; God damn it. &gt;&gt; God damn it. &gt;&gt; God damn it. &gt;&gt; [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; That's true. Yeah. &gt;&gt; That's true. Yeah. &gt;&gt; That's true. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And also just to to wrap that up to end &gt;&gt; And also just to to wrap that up to end &gt;&gt; And also just to to wrap that up to end this episode, it's the exact same thing this episode, it's the exact same thing this episode, it's the exact same thing with your code, right? You're going to with your code, right? You're going to with your code, right? You're going to have to give it your code base, your have to give it your code base, your have to give it your code base, your GitHub keys, your secrets, like GitHub keys, your secrets, like GitHub keys, your secrets, like &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; You know, like everyone loves hiding &gt;&gt; You know, like everyone loves hiding &gt;&gt; You know, like everyone loves hiding their secrets, right? But how many their secrets, right? But how many their secrets, right? But how many people have them in an environment file people have them in an environment file people have them in an environment file on their in their codebase that can now on their in their codebase that can now on their in their codebase that can now see that? see that? see that? &gt;&gt; Um, it's mad. &gt;&gt; Um, it's mad. &gt;&gt; Um, it's mad. &gt;&gt; And that brings us right back to where &gt;&gt; And that brings us right back to where &gt;&gt; And that brings us right back to where we were at the start of the show. we were at the start of the show. we were at the start of the show. &gt;&gt; So, I would say code your database in &gt;&gt; So, I would say code your database in &gt;&gt; So, I would say code your database in production. And if you know and geez production. And if you know and geez production. And if you know and geez anyway anyway anyway anyway anyway anyway &gt;&gt; I will I will wrap it up in one sentence &gt;&gt; I will I will wrap it up in one sentence &gt;&gt; I will I will wrap it up in one sentence or try to I I am enjoying it. I am or try to I I am enjoying it. I am or try to I I am enjoying it. I am getting value, but I think it's solely getting value, but I think it's solely getting value, but I think it's solely because I know what I'm trying to do and because I know what I'm trying to do and because I know what I'm trying to do and I know how to do it and I'm almost just I know how to do it and I'm almost just I know how to do it and I'm almost just delegating the work to the agent. If it delegating the work to the agent. If it delegating the work to the agent. If it was something I knew nothing about, I was something I knew nothing about, I was something I knew nothing about, I don't think I'd like it because I don't don't think I'd like it because I don't don't think I'd like it because I don't I wouldn't I'd have to go back to that I wouldn't I'd have to go back to that I wouldn't I'd have to go back to that previous episode where I'm going to have previous episode where I'm going to have previous episode where I'm going to have to try learn try learn try learn which to try learn try learn try learn which to try learn try learn try learn which is fine but that's going to slow me is fine but that's going to slow me is fine but that's going to slow me down. Whereas here I know how to do the down. Whereas here I know how to do the down. Whereas here I know how to do the code. I just don't want to write it per code. I just don't want to write it per code. I just don't want to write it per se or it can write it quicker than me. se or it can write it quicker than me. se or it can write it quicker than me. So, So, So, &gt;&gt; and I think another I I think another &gt;&gt; and I think another I I think another &gt;&gt; and I think another I I think another factor, tell me if I'm wrong, is factor, tell me if I'm wrong, is factor, tell me if I'm wrong, is &gt;&gt; the the blast radius is is somewhat &gt;&gt; the the blast radius is is somewhat &gt;&gt; the the blast radius is is somewhat contained. So, it whatever you're doing contained. So, it whatever you're doing contained. So, it whatever you're doing is not that serious. is not that serious. is not that serious. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Even if it does go pair, you're like, &gt;&gt; Even if it does go pair, you're like, &gt;&gt; Even if it does go pair, you're like, doesn't, you know, doesn't, you know, doesn't, you know, &gt;&gt; it's a P. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; it's a P. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; it's a P. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um and even when I've had it writing &gt;&gt; Um and even when I've had it writing &gt;&gt; Um and even when I've had it writing tests for me, again, I'm not going to tests for me, again, I'm not going to tests for me, again, I'm not going to blindly let it add tests and commit test blindly let it add tests and commit test blindly let it add tests and commit test to my codebase. You know what I mean? to my codebase. You know what I mean? to my codebase. You know what I mean? I'm just going to let it get to a point. I'm just going to let it get to a point. I'm just going to let it get to a point. Um, but yeah, I would say like I am Um, but yeah, I would say like I am Um, but yeah, I would say like I am definitely I'm not in favor. I'm not definitely I'm not in favor. I'm not definitely I'm not in favor. I'm not like I love them, but I am getting value like I love them, but I am getting value like I love them, but I am getting value and I think that's the important bit. I and I think that's the important bit. I and I think that's the important bit. I am getting value in certain contexts and am getting value in certain contexts and am getting value in certain contexts and it is helping me and it is making me it is helping me and it is making me it is helping me and it is making me more efficient. And I would say the task more efficient. And I would say the task more efficient. And I would say the task that I'm doing now while I know what to that I'm doing now while I know what to that I'm doing now while I know what to do, if I done it on my own by reading do, if I done it on my own by reading do, if I done it on my own by reading the logs or reading the docs and the logs or reading the docs and the logs or reading the docs and everything else, I would probably be everything else, I would probably be everything else, I would probably be 30% of where I'm at right now. So, you 30% of where I'm at right now. So, you 30% of where I'm at right now. So, you know, I've got a fully working P in like know, I've got a fully working P in like know, I've got a fully working P in like six days. six days. six days. &gt;&gt; I would not be there if I'd had to go &gt;&gt; I would not be there if I'd had to go &gt;&gt; I would not be there if I'd had to go and read the docs and do it all myself. and read the docs and do it all myself. and read the docs and do it all myself. &gt;&gt; Um, but I've got I've got as far as I've &gt;&gt; Um, but I've got I've got as far as I've &gt;&gt; Um, but I've got I've got as far as I've got because I am enough. I know enough. got because I am enough. I know enough. got because I am enough. I know enough. I'm a techsavvy enough. I'm experienced I'm a techsavvy enough. I'm experienced I'm a techsavvy enough. I'm experienced as an engineer enough to have been able as an engineer enough to have been able as an engineer enough to have been able to ask the right questions, the right to ask the right questions, the right to ask the right questions, the right prompt, break down the work into smaller prompt, break down the work into smaller prompt, break down the work into smaller bits. And one thing I was hinting at you bits. And one thing I was hinting at you bits. And one thing I was hinting at you earlier, I know this is definitely not earlier, I know this is definitely not earlier, I know this is definitely not one sentence anymore, was the thing that one sentence anymore, was the thing that one sentence anymore, was the thing that um um um &gt;&gt; the t the theme, the thread. &gt;&gt; the t the theme, the thread. &gt;&gt; the t the theme, the thread. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, someone mentioned it on that &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, someone mentioned it on that &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, someone mentioned it on that thread, um essentially I'm getting value thread, um essentially I'm getting value thread, um essentially I'm getting value because I know how to do good because I know how to do good because I know how to do good engineering. engineering. engineering. I know what good engineering looks like I know what good engineering looks like I know what good engineering looks like and I'm using and I'm using and I'm using &gt;&gt; Yeah. and people who don't know and like &gt;&gt; Yeah. and people who don't know and like &gt;&gt; Yeah. and people who don't know and like we joked on the thread that you know we joked on the thread that you know we joked on the thread that you know there's still so many companies that there's still so many companies that there's still so many companies that aren't doing any of those things that I aren't doing any of those things that I aren't doing any of those things that I suggested for their human code suggested for their human code suggested for their human code &gt;&gt; exactly let alone agents &gt;&gt; exactly let alone agents &gt;&gt; exactly let alone agents um which is terrifying and crazy and I um which is terrifying and crazy and I um which is terrifying and crazy and I think the the journey for those people think the the journey for those people think the the journey for those people into the world of AI is going to be a into the world of AI is going to be a into the world of AI is going to be a lot more painful lot more painful lot more painful &gt;&gt; um &gt;&gt; um &gt;&gt; um &gt;&gt; because they've not got those good &gt;&gt; because they've not got those good &gt;&gt; because they've not got those good practices in already and they're they're practices in already and they're they're practices in already and they're they're almost not ready for AI transformation. almost not ready for AI transformation. almost not ready for AI transformation. If you go back to digital If you go back to digital If you go back to digital transformations, right? Like transformations, right? Like transformations, right? Like &gt;&gt; they're not ready for it and &gt;&gt; they're not ready for it and &gt;&gt; they're not ready for it and &gt;&gt; they're trying to amplify &gt;&gt; they're trying to amplify &gt;&gt; they're trying to amplify [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a shitty process. Trying to dig [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a shitty process. Trying to dig [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a shitty process. Trying to dig digitize a shitty process. But but but digitize a shitty process. But but but digitize a shitty process. But but but but but but &gt;&gt; let's wrap it up there. I want &gt;&gt; let's wrap it up there. I want &gt;&gt; let's wrap it up there. I want &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Well done. next episode and &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Well done. next episode and &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Well done. next episode and talk about um some ideas about and if talk about um some ideas about and if talk about um some ideas about and if you have some ideas about how I can um you have some ideas about how I can um you have some ideas about how I can um start exploring the use of AI enabled start exploring the use of AI enabled start exploring the use of AI enabled tools with my team that would be tools with my team that would be tools with my team that would be amazing. But that was a very interesting amazing. But that was a very interesting amazing. But that was a very interesting episode there. So thank you very much episode there. So thank you very much episode there. So thank you very much Ricardo for sharing your opinion. Ricardo for sharing your opinion. Ricardo for sharing your opinion. &gt;&gt; Thank you for listening to me. &gt;&gt; Thank you for listening to me. &gt;&gt; Thank you for listening to me. &gt;&gt; No offense for disrespecting Star Trek. &gt;&gt; No offense for disrespecting Star Trek. &gt;&gt; No offense for disrespecting Star Trek. God damn you. &gt;&gt; Okay. If you got any thoughts on the &gt;&gt; Okay. If you got any thoughts on the &gt;&gt; Okay. If you got any thoughts on the conversation that we just had, if you've conversation that we just had, if you've conversation that we just had, if you've got any, you know, if you'd like to got any, you know, if you'd like to got any, you know, if you'd like to engage with the conversation about engage with the conversation about engage with the conversation about tools, deleting stuff in production and tools, deleting stuff in production and tools, deleting stuff in production and the cool stuff Rich was doing, let us the cool stuff Rich was doing, let us the cool stuff Rich was doing, let us know. You know, you can always hit us up know. You know, you can always hit us up know. You know, you can always hit us up on the Vernon Vish show on LinkedIn. You on the Vernon Vish show on LinkedIn. You on the Vernon Vish show on LinkedIn. You can hit us up in the comments. How many can hit us up in the comments. How many can hit us up in the comments. How many subscribers do we have on YouTube? Uh, subscribers do we have on YouTube? Uh, subscribers do we have on YouTube? Uh, I'll tell you. Not enough, god damn it. I'll tell you. Not enough, god damn it. I'll tell you. Not enough, god damn it. So, make sure that you subscribe, like, So, make sure that you subscribe, like, So, make sure that you subscribe, like, and share and share and share on YouTube, Spotify, wherever you listen on YouTube, Spotify, wherever you listen on YouTube, Spotify, wherever you listen to the pod or watch us. Did I miss to the pod or watch us. Did I miss to the pod or watch us. Did I miss anything, Rich? anything, Rich? anything, Rich? &gt;&gt; Uh, no, no. I just wanted to sign off by &gt;&gt; Uh, no, no. I just wanted to sign off by &gt;&gt; Uh, no, no. I just wanted to sign off by saying live long and prosper. Um, saying live long and prosper. Um, saying live long and prosper. Um, Vernon, you're dismissed. Until next Vernon, you're dismissed. Until next Vernon, you're dismissed. Until next time. See you on the other side. Um, and time. See you on the other side. Um, and time. See you on the other side. Um, and that's what chat GPT told me to say and that's what chat GPT told me to say and that's what chat GPT told me to say and how you say goodbye in Star Trek. how you say goodbye in Star Trek. how you say goodbye in Star Trek. &gt;&gt; You're an absolute disgrace, Bradshaw. &gt;&gt; You're an absolute disgrace, Bradshaw. &gt;&gt; You're an absolute disgrace, Bradshaw. Good day. Outrageous.
