I'm running Hermes's agent 24/7 and my I'm running Hermes's agent 24/7 and my I'm running Hermes's agent 24/7 and my total API cost last month was just eight total API cost last month was just eight total API cost last month was just eight bucks. With the setup that I'm about to bucks. With the setup that I'm about to bucks. With the setup that I'm about to show you, you do not need a $100 a month show you, you do not need a $100 a month show you, you do not need a $100 a month Claude subscription and you won't hit Claude subscription and you won't hit Claude subscription and you won't hit the dreaded 5-hour rate limit. But at the dreaded 5-hour rate limit. But at the dreaded 5-hour rate limit. But at the same time, you will be able to build the same time, you will be able to build the same time, you will be able to build a self-learning Hermes's agent that will a self-learning Hermes's agent that will a self-learning Hermes's agent that will make you 10 times more productive and it make you 10 times more productive and it make you 10 times more productive and it learns from each chat, builds its own learns from each chat, builds its own learns from each chat, builds its own skills and it helps you build websites, skills and it helps you build websites, skills and it helps you build websites, get more customers or helps you in your get more customers or helps you in your get more customers or helps you in your day-to-day job. In this video, I'll show day-to-day job. In this video, I'll show day-to-day job. In this video, I'll show you the exact beginner-friendly Hermes's you the exact beginner-friendly Hermes's you the exact beginner-friendly Hermes's setup and the AI model selection that setup and the AI model selection that setup and the AI model selection that drops your API bill by 95% and I'll show drops your API bill by 95% and I'll show drops your API bill by 95% and I'll show you the exact workarounds that I had to you the exact workarounds that I had to you the exact workarounds that I had to figure out the hard way. And I'll give figure out the hard way. And I'll give figure out the hard way. And I'll give you three real use cases you can copy you three real use cases you can copy you three real use cases you can copy and run on your own setup tonight. And and run on your own setup tonight. And and run on your own setup tonight. And I'll even show you one thing that I'll even show you one thing that I'll even show you one thing that Hermes's does that Claude code just Hermes's does that Claude code just Hermes's does that Claude code just can't do out of the box. On top of that, can't do out of the box. On top of that, can't do out of the box. On top of that, we'll cover whether or not Hermes's we'll cover whether or not Hermes's we'll cover whether or not Hermes's replaces Open Claude or Claude code and replaces Open Claude or Claude code and replaces Open Claude or Claude code and I'll give you some examples of what I'll give you some examples of what I'll give you some examples of what makes Hermes's so powerful. I built a makes Hermes's so powerful. I built a makes Hermes's so powerful. I built a guide with the setup, the model picks guide with the setup, the model picks guide with the setup, the model picks and the copy-paste prompts for this and the copy-paste prompts for this and the copy-paste prompts for this exact demo. So, the link for that is exact demo. So, the link for that is exact demo. So, the link for that is down in the description if you want to down in the description if you want to down in the description if you want to follow along or just watch until the end follow along or just watch until the end follow along or just watch until the end of the video. And before I'll show you of the video. And before I'll show you of the video. And before I'll show you the exact details and my workflow, here the exact details and my workflow, here the exact details and my workflow, here is what makes Hermes's agent so powerful is what makes Hermes's agent so powerful is what makes Hermes's agent so powerful and why everyone is suddenly talking and why everyone is suddenly talking and why everyone is suddenly talking about it. Hermes's is an open-source AI about it. Hermes's is an open-source AI about it. Hermes's is an open-source AI agent built by News Research and you run agent built by News Research and you run agent built by News Research and you run it on your own computer or on a VPS and it on your own computer or on a VPS and it on your own computer or on a VPS and I'll show you exactly how to set that up I'll show you exactly how to set that up I'll show you exactly how to set that up in just a second. And look at this, it in just a second. And look at this, it in just a second. And look at this, it went basically from zero stars on GitHub went basically from zero stars on GitHub went basically from zero stars on GitHub to 130,000 stars in about two months. to 130,000 stars in about two months. to 130,000 stars in about two months. This is bananas. To compare it against This is bananas. To compare it against This is bananas. To compare it against Claude code and Open Claude, Claude code Claude code and Open Claude, Claude code Claude code and Open Claude, Claude code lives in your terminal and I mainly use lives in your terminal and I mainly use lives in your terminal and I mainly use it for coding. It cost about $100 a it for coding. It cost about $100 a it for coding. It cost about $100 a month for the subscription and usually month for the subscription and usually month for the subscription and usually it forgets most of the things between it forgets most of the things between it forgets most of the things between sessions unless you build a custom sessions unless you build a custom sessions unless you build a custom memory system around that. If you're memory system around that. If you're memory system around that. If you're interested in figuring out how to build interested in figuring out how to build interested in figuring out how to build a custom memory system, subscribe to the a custom memory system, subscribe to the a custom memory system, subscribe to the channel cuz I have a video coming up on channel cuz I have a video coming up on channel cuz I have a video coming up on that soon. Open Claude on the other hand that soon. Open Claude on the other hand that soon. Open Claude on the other hand is a messaging hub and I've built also a is a messaging hub and I've built also a is a messaging hub and I've built also a ton of super helpful things [music] ton of super helpful things [music] ton of super helpful things [music] around it. So, check out my other videos around it. So, check out my other videos around it. So, check out my other videos on how to set it up right here. But, on how to set it up right here. But, on how to set it up right here. But, here's how our Hermes Agent is here's how our Hermes Agent is here's how our Hermes Agent is different. It's pretty much like a different. It's pretty much like a different. It's pretty much like a learning specialist, and it runs 24/7 learning specialist, and it runs 24/7 learning specialist, and it runs 24/7 either on your computer or in the cloud. either on your computer or in the cloud. either on your computer or in the cloud. And the crazy thing about it is is that And the crazy thing about it is is that And the crazy thing about it is is that it writes its own skills for anything it writes its own skills for anything it writes its own skills for anything that you do twice, and it remembers all that you do twice, and it remembers all that you do twice, and it remembers all of the preferences across every single of the preferences across every single of the preferences across every single session. At first, it might seem a session. At first, it might seem a session. At first, it might seem a little bit slower than Claude code, but little bit slower than Claude code, but little bit slower than Claude code, but the longer you use it, the better and the longer you use it, the better and the longer you use it, the better and the faster it gets. Now that we have the faster it gets. Now that we have the faster it gets. Now that we have that out of the way, let's set it up and that out of the way, let's set it up and that out of the way, let's set it up and I'll show you exactly how to save a ton I'll show you exactly how to save a ton I'll show you exactly how to save a ton of API usage. Let's get to it. of API usage. Let's get to it. of API usage. Let's get to it. This is my Hermes Agent playbook, This is my Hermes Agent playbook, This is my Hermes Agent playbook, [music] and as you can see here, I cover [music] and as you can see here, I cover [music] and as you can see here, I cover what it is. And most importantly, I what it is. And most importantly, I what it is. And most importantly, I cover 20 different use cases where I'm cover 20 different use cases where I'm cover 20 different use cases where I'm using Hermes Agent day-to-day. And if using Hermes Agent day-to-day. And if using Hermes Agent day-to-day. And if you want the pro version, it's linked you want the pro version, it's linked you want the pro version, it's linked down below. But, what we will spend most down below. But, what we will spend most down below. But, what we will spend most of the time on is this cost optimization of the time on is this cost optimization of the time on is this cost optimization guide, which is also included for free guide, which is also included for free guide, which is also included for free down in the link in the description. If down in the link in the description. If down in the link in the description. If you don't have an Hermes Agent set up you don't have an Hermes Agent set up you don't have an Hermes Agent set up yet, you can either install it on your yet, you can either install it on your yet, you can either install it on your local machine or set it up in a VPS local machine or set it up in a VPS local machine or set it up in a VPS where it runs 24/7, no matter if your where it runs 24/7, no matter if your where it runs 24/7, no matter if your laptop is on or off. And you can give it laptop is on or off. And you can give it laptop is on or off. And you can give it selective access of what files it has selective access of what files it has selective access of what files it has access to. To do that, click on the link access to. To do that, click on the link access to. To do that, click on the link in the description or in the guide, and in the description or in the guide, and in the description or in the guide, and it brings you to this page on Hostinger it brings you to this page on Hostinger it brings you to this page on Hostinger where you can easily set up a VPS. Most where you can easily set up a VPS. Most where you can easily set up a VPS. Most people are probably fine with the KVM 2 people are probably fine with the KVM 2 people are probably fine with the KVM 2 plan, but if you want to run multiple plan, but if you want to run multiple plan, but if you want to run multiple agents such as Hermes and Open Claw and agents such as Hermes and Open Claw and agents such as Hermes and Open Claw and Enaden, I recommend getting the KVM 4 or Enaden, I recommend getting the KVM 4 or Enaden, I recommend getting the KVM 4 or KVM 8 plan. For now, I'm just going to KVM 8 plan. For now, I'm just going to KVM 8 plan. For now, I'm just going to select the KVM 2, click on deploy, and select the KVM 2, click on deploy, and select the KVM 2, click on deploy, and if you select the 12-month or 24-month if you select the 12-month or 24-month if you select the 12-month or 24-month plan, you can get it as low as $8.99. plan, you can get it as low as $8.99. plan, you can get it as low as $8.99. And I'm actually working together with And I'm actually working together with And I'm actually working together with Hostinger, and they are giving my Hostinger, and they are giving my Hostinger, and they are giving my audience an extra 10% off. So, if you audience an extra 10% off. So, if you audience an extra 10% off. So, if you want to set this up from scratch, simply want to set this up from scratch, simply want to set this up from scratch, simply type in the coupon code "Moluka", click type in the coupon code "Moluka", click type in the coupon code "Moluka", click apply, and you'll get an extra 10% off. apply, and you'll get an extra 10% off. apply, and you'll get an extra 10% off. So, this is just $8 a month. If you So, this is just $8 a month. If you So, this is just $8 a month. If you don't see this, simply open this in an don't see this, simply open this in an don't see this, simply open this in an incognito window, and you'll be able to incognito window, and you'll be able to incognito window, and you'll be able to get this discount. Click on continue, get this discount. Click on continue, get this discount. Click on continue, and it brings you to this configuration and it brings you to this configuration and it brings you to this configuration screen. I'm going to keep the admin screen. I'm going to keep the admin screen. I'm going to keep the admin username [music] the same, and for the username [music] the same, and for the username [music] the same, and for the admin password, this is something that admin password, this is something that admin password, this is something that you want to copy to your clipboard. you want to copy to your clipboard. you want to copy to your clipboard. Then, you click on deploy, and it's Then, you click on deploy, and it's Then, you click on deploy, and it's setting up your VPS. Now that it's set setting up your VPS. Now that it's set setting up your VPS. Now that it's set up and the project is deployed, you can up and the project is deployed, you can up and the project is deployed, you can click on the open token right here, and click on the open token right here, and click on the open token right here, and you'll get this screen where you type in you'll get this screen where you type in you'll get this screen where you type in your [music] username and the password your [music] username and the password your [music] username and the password that we just copied, and you can sign in that we just copied, and you can sign in that we just copied, and you can sign in now. And this is your Hermes quickstart. now. And this is your Hermes quickstart. now. And this is your Hermes quickstart. In just 3 minutes, we were able to set In just 3 minutes, we were able to set In just 3 minutes, we were able to set up our own VPS. So, this is living in up our own VPS. So, this is living in up our own VPS. So, this is living in the cloud, and now we just need to the cloud, and now we just need to the cloud, and now we just need to configure it in order to set up the configure it in order to set up the configure it in order to set up the right AI model and start building right right AI model and start building right right AI model and start building right away. To do that, go back to the screen away. To do that, go back to the screen away. To do that, go back to the screen that you see right here and click on the that you see right here and click on the that you see right here and click on the quick setup guide. Simply hit enter, and quick setup guide. Simply hit enter, and quick setup guide. Simply hit enter, and for the model selection, you can either for the model selection, you can either for the model selection, you can either go with Anthropic, OpenAI Codex, but go with Anthropic, OpenAI Codex, but go with Anthropic, OpenAI Codex, but what we will select is actually what we will select is actually what we will select is actually OpenRouter. Because this makes it super OpenRouter. Because this makes it super OpenRouter. Because this makes it super easy to choose across many different easy to choose across many different easy to choose across many different cheap providers as well as the top-tier cheap providers as well as the top-tier cheap providers as well as the top-tier models as well. [music] Simply click on models as well. [music] Simply click on models as well. [music] Simply click on that and hit enter, and now it will ask that and hit enter, and now it will ask that and hit enter, and now it will ask us for our OpenRouter API key right us for our OpenRouter API key right us for our OpenRouter API key right here. If you don't have one yet, go over here. If you don't have one yet, go over here. If you don't have one yet, go over to OpenRouter. I'll leave a link for to OpenRouter. I'll leave a link for to OpenRouter. I'll leave a link for that in the description and in my setup that in the description and in my setup that in the description and in my setup guide as well, and go under workspace guide as well, and go under workspace guide as well, and go under workspace and API keys right here, and create a and API keys right here, and create a and API keys right here, and create a new one. We will call this one Hermes, new one. We will call this one Hermes, new one. We will call this one Hermes, and we'll give it five credit limits per and we'll give it five credit limits per and we'll give it five credit limits per week. Click create, and copy this exact week. Click create, and copy this exact week. Click create, and copy this exact API key, and simply paste the API key API key, and simply paste the API key API key, and simply paste the API key and hit enter. Now to the most exciting and hit enter. Now to the most exciting and hit enter. Now to the most exciting part, [music] and this is the model part, [music] and this is the model part, [music] and this is the model selection right here. And this is really selection right here. And this is really selection right here. And this is really important that you get this right, important that you get this right, important that you get this right, because you can see the different input because you can see the different input because you can see the different input and output costs. And after a lot of and output costs. And after a lot of and output costs. And after a lot of trial and error and testing all these trial and error and testing all these trial and error and testing all these different [music] tools, I came up with different [music] tools, I came up with different [music] tools, I came up with these top tools that you can use. Often these top tools that you can use. Often these top tools that you can use. Often times, there are some free models. For times, there are some free models. For times, there are some free models. For example, right now Gwen 3 Coder is free example, right now Gwen 3 Coder is free example, right now Gwen 3 Coder is free on OpenRouter, or you can use some other on OpenRouter, or you can use some other on OpenRouter, or you can use some other models such [music] as DeepSeek v4, models such [music] as DeepSeek v4, models such [music] as DeepSeek v4, Minimax 2.7, or Gemma 4, or Deep Stall Minimax 2.7, or Gemma 4, or Deep Stall Minimax 2.7, or Gemma 4, or Deep Stall 2, [music] which are really, really 2, [music] which are really, really 2, [music] which are really, really cheap in comparison to the top-tier cheap in comparison to the top-tier cheap in comparison to the top-tier models that you have right here. And models that you have right here. And models that you have right here. And this can really make or break your this can really make or break your this can really make or break your budget, because if you choose this budget, because if you choose this budget, because if you choose this wrong, you might be paying 30 times as wrong, you might be paying 30 times as wrong, you might be paying 30 times as much for something that doesn't need as much for something that doesn't need as much for something that doesn't need as much brain power. My top recommendation, much brain power. My top recommendation, much brain power. My top recommendation, if you want the raw performance, is to if you want the raw performance, is to if you want the raw performance, is to go with Kimmy K2, or to choose something go with Kimmy K2, or to choose something go with Kimmy K2, or to choose something like Minimax 2.7 or DeepSeek v4 as your like Minimax 2.7 or DeepSeek v4 as your like Minimax 2.7 or DeepSeek v4 as your default model. To select that, we can default model. To select that, we can default model. To select that, we can just go down here and either select just go down here and either select just go down here and either select Minimax 2.7, Kimiko 2.5, [music] or Minimax 2.7, Kimiko 2.5, [music] or Minimax 2.7, Kimiko 2.5, [music] or whichever model you prefer. But for this whichever model you prefer. But for this whichever model you prefer. But for this example, we're going to go with Minimax example, we're going to go with Minimax example, we're going to go with Minimax 2.7. 2.7. 2.7. Simply hit enter, and this is now where Simply hit enter, and this is now where Simply hit enter, and this is now where you can set up messaging, where you can you can set up messaging, where you can you can set up messaging, where you can connect it to your Telegram or to your connect it to your Telegram or to your connect it to your Telegram or to your WhatsApp. And if you want to see another WhatsApp. And if you want to see another WhatsApp. And if you want to see another video on that, let me know down in the video on that, let me know down in the video on that, let me know down in the description below. But for now, we'll description below. But for now, we'll description below. But for now, we'll actually skip this step. I'll hit skip, actually skip this step. I'll hit skip, actually skip this step. I'll hit skip, and the setup is complete, and we're and the setup is complete, and we're and the setup is complete, and we're ready to go. If you want to rerun the ready to go. If you want to rerun the ready to go. If you want to rerun the full setup wizard, simply hit Irma setup full setup wizard, simply hit Irma setup full setup wizard, simply hit Irma setup in order to connect to your messaging in order to connect to your messaging in order to connect to your messaging app, or simply type in Y in order to app, or simply type in Y in order to app, or simply type in Y in order to start chatting. And here we go. We're start chatting. And here we go. We're start chatting. And here we go. We're currently now connected with Irma's currently now connected with Irma's currently now connected with Irma's agent. We can see all of the tools that agent. We can see all of the tools that agent. We can see all of the tools that we have available, and we can start we have available, and we can start we have available, and we can start chatting right here. For example, we can chatting right here. For example, we can chatting right here. For example, we can say, "What model are you?" [music] say, "What model are you?" [music] say, "What model are you?" [music] And it tells us that we're currently And it tells us that we're currently And it tells us that we're currently using Minimax 2.7 via the Open Router using Minimax 2.7 via the Open Router using Minimax 2.7 via the Open Router API. You can simply ask it something API. You can simply ask it something API. You can simply ask it something like, "What model are you using?" like, "What model are you using?" like, "What model are you using?" &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; and it will show you exactly right here. &gt;&gt; and it will show you exactly right here. &gt;&gt; and it will show you exactly right here. It's using Minimax 2.7, the context It's using Minimax 2.7, the context It's using Minimax 2.7, the context window, as well as how much [music] of window, as well as how much [music] of window, as well as how much [music] of the context window is being used, and the context window is being used, and the context window is being used, and how long the session has been going on. how long the session has been going on. how long the session has been going on. Here's the answer. It's using Minimax Here's the answer. It's using Minimax Here's the answer. It's using Minimax 2.7 [music] with Open Router provider. 2.7 [music] with Open Router provider. 2.7 [music] with Open Router provider. If we want to ask it to switch to a If we want to ask it to switch to a If we want to ask it to switch to a different model, I can ask what other different model, I can ask what other different model, I can ask what other models I can use. But since this doesn't models I can use. But since this doesn't models I can use. But since this doesn't have access to the internet, these are a have access to the internet, these are a have access to the internet, these are a little bit outdated. So, in order to get little bit outdated. So, in order to get little bit outdated. So, in order to get the most out of your model and your the most out of your model and your the most out of your model and your budget, you probably want to set up budget, you probably want to set up budget, you probably want to set up different types of works for different different types of works for different different types of works for different types of agents. For that, you can paste types of agents. For that, you can paste types of agents. For that, you can paste the specific config that I put together the specific config that I put together the specific config that I put together right here that has different models set right here that has different models set right here that has different models set up for different work. For example, for up for different work. For example, for up for different work. For example, for scanning, [music] planning, executing, scanning, [music] planning, executing, scanning, [music] planning, executing, or reviewing, it chooses between or reviewing, it chooses between or reviewing, it chooses between Minimax, DeepSeek V4, and Kimiko 2.6. Minimax, DeepSeek V4, and Kimiko 2.6. Minimax, DeepSeek V4, and Kimiko 2.6. [music] In order to set them up here, [music] In order to set them up here, [music] In order to set them up here, you can simply copy these right there, you can simply copy these right there, you can simply copy these right there, and then I'll just paste [music] in the and then I'll just paste [music] in the and then I'll just paste [music] in the exact text that I have. And as you can exact text that I have. And as you can exact text that I have. And as you can see right here, it's now changing the see right here, it's now changing the see right here, it's now changing the config file, and it created the CLI config file, and it created the CLI config file, and it created the CLI config and YAML that has a fallback config and YAML that has a fallback config and YAML that has a fallback cascade to the different models that I cascade to the different models that I cascade to the different models that I wanted [music] to use. I can ask to wanted [music] to use. I can ask to wanted [music] to use. I can ask to switch to the reviewer mode and it's now switch to the reviewer mode and it's now switch to the reviewer mode and it's now telling me to start a new session with a telling me to start a new session with a telling me to start a new session with a different Kimi K 2.6 model. To start the different Kimi K 2.6 model. To start the different Kimi K 2.6 model. To start the new session, simply do Hermes model and new session, simply do Hermes model and new session, simply do Hermes model and then the model that you want to select then the model that you want to select then the model that you want to select [music] and we can see now that it's [music] and we can see now that it's [music] and we can see now that it's confirming that it's running Moonshot confirming that it's running Moonshot confirming that it's running Moonshot Kimi K2. And if you want to double-check Kimi K2. And if you want to double-check Kimi K2. And if you want to double-check or try another way of switching models, or try another way of switching models, or try another way of switching models, you can also give it the command you can also give it the command you can also give it the command {forward slash} model and select the {forward slash} model and select the {forward slash} model and select the specific model that you want to use. For specific model that you want to use. For specific model that you want to use. For example, Kimi K 2.5 and we see now in example, Kimi K 2.5 and we see now in example, Kimi K 2.5 and we see now in the left-hand side that it's now using the left-hand side that it's now using the left-hand side that it's now using the new model with the input and output the new model with the input and output the new model with the input and output cost [music] and the max output tokens. cost [music] and the max output tokens. cost [music] and the max output tokens. To verify that you cascade is working, To verify that you cascade is working, To verify that you cascade is working, you can give it a simple command [music] you can give it a simple command [music] you can give it a simple command [music] such as this one. Let's create a new such as this one. Let's create a new such as this one. Let's create a new session, give it Hermes and ask a simple session, give it Hermes and ask a simple session, give it Hermes and ask a simple question. It's telling us that it's question. It's telling us that it's question. It's telling us that it's using Kimi K 2.5 via open router and if using Kimi K 2.5 via open router and if using Kimi K 2.5 via open router and if we ask it now a question, it gives us we ask it now a question, it gives us we ask it now a question, it gives us the answer right here under the Kimi K the answer right here under the Kimi K the answer right here under the Kimi K 2.5 [music] answer. Let's switch back to 2.5 [music] answer. Let's switch back to 2.5 [music] answer. Let's switch back to Minimax 2.7 and if we ask it the same Minimax 2.7 and if we ask it the same Minimax 2.7 and if we ask it the same question, we can see that the answer now question, we can see that the answer now question, we can see that the answer now looks very different but was faster. looks very different but was faster. looks very different but was faster. [music] To confirm the models that we've [music] To confirm the models that we've [music] To confirm the models that we've used, we can go back to our open router used, we can go back to our open router used, we can go back to our open router and we can see here the exact different and we can see here the exact different and we can see here the exact different models that we tried [music] in this models that we tried [music] in this models that we tried [music] in this session. So far we used about 12 cents session. So far we used about 12 cents session. So far we used about 12 cents of Minimax credits, 2 cents of Kimi K of Minimax credits, 2 cents of Kimi K of Minimax credits, 2 cents of Kimi K 2.6 and [music] 1 cent of Kimi K 2.5. 2.6 and [music] 1 cent of Kimi K 2.5. 2.6 and [music] 1 cent of Kimi K 2.5. Within our Hermes agent, you can see Within our Hermes agent, you can see Within our Hermes agent, you can see available skills that come out of the available skills that come out of the available skills that come out of the box right here as well as available box right here as well as available box right here as well as available tools right at the top. If you want a tools right at the top. If you want a tools right at the top. If you want a full in-depth tutorial on how to use full in-depth tutorial on how to use full in-depth tutorial on how to use this, let me know down in the comments this, let me know down in the comments this, let me know down in the comments but if you want to see what this is but if you want to see what this is but if you want to see what this is capable of with three different prompts, capable of with three different prompts, capable of with three different prompts, we can try this bootstrap that I have we can try this bootstrap that I have we can try this bootstrap that I have right here, bring this back to Hermes right here, bring this back to Hermes right here, bring this back to Hermes agent and simply paste this prompt in agent and simply paste this prompt in agent and simply paste this prompt in and have it go and start doing this task and have it go and start doing this task and have it go and start doing this task for us. But let me show you how you can for us. But let me show you how you can for us. But let me show you how you can try this out with some use cases and how try this out with some use cases and how try this out with some use cases and how you can turn that into a skill. Here's you can turn that into a skill. Here's you can turn that into a skill. Here's an example use case to research top an example use case to research top an example use case to research top trending AI agent frameworks this week, trending AI agent frameworks this week, trending AI agent frameworks this week, use my voice and then I'm asking it to use my voice and then I'm asking it to use my voice and then I'm asking it to turn it into a specific skill. So I'll turn it into a specific skill. So I'll turn it into a specific skill. So I'll simply copy this prompt and paste it in simply copy this prompt and paste it in simply copy this prompt and paste it in right here. It's now going to make use right here. It's now going to make use right here. It's now going to make use of all the skills that it has available of all the skills that it has available of all the skills that it has available And you can see here that it's already And you can see here that it's already And you can see here that it's already navigating the web and getting all of navigating the web and getting all of navigating the web and getting all of these agent frameworks based on the web these agent frameworks based on the web these agent frameworks based on the web search. And we can now see that it's search. And we can now see that it's search. And we can now see that it's building the skill right here. It saved building the skill right here. It saved building the skill right here. It saved the skill. And here are the top three the skill. And here are the top three the skill. And here are the top three frameworks that we were looking for. We frameworks that we were looking for. We frameworks that we were looking for. We can now ask it to set up a scheduled can now ask it to set up a scheduled can now ask it to set up a scheduled task to run this once a week, and it task to run this once a week, and it task to run this once a week, and it will go ahead and use the skill that it will go ahead and use the skill that it will go ahead and use the skill that it just built in order to set up a cron just built in order to set up a cron just built in order to set up a cron job, and it will run this once a week, job, and it will run this once a week, job, and it will run this once a week, and it will give me the most up-to-date and it will give me the most up-to-date and it will give me the most up-to-date information. You can also manually do information. You can also manually do information. You can also manually do that by typing in {forward slash} cron, that by typing in {forward slash} cron, that by typing in {forward slash} cron, but using simple English and your own but using simple English and your own but using simple English and your own words is usually the easiest way to do words is usually the easiest way to do words is usually the easiest way to do this. Here's another use case of how I this. Here's another use case of how I this. Here's another use case of how I use this daily. I'm simply copying this use this daily. I'm simply copying this use this daily. I'm simply copying this prompt, prompt, prompt, going clear, and pasting in my exact going clear, and pasting in my exact going clear, and pasting in my exact prompt. What this one will do is will prompt. What this one will do is will prompt. What this one will do is will build me a daily creator brief that runs build me a daily creator brief that runs build me a daily creator brief that runs at 7:00 a.m., [music] and it pulls all at 7:00 a.m., [music] and it pulls all at 7:00 a.m., [music] and it pulls all of the comments from my YouTube channel, of the comments from my YouTube channel, of the comments from my YouTube channel, scans competitor channels, looks at scans competitor channels, looks at scans competitor channels, looks at Reddit, synthesizes all of the different Reddit, synthesizes all of the different Reddit, synthesizes all of the different details into three sections: audience details into three sections: audience details into three sections: audience signals, competitor wins, and trending signals, competitor wins, and trending signals, competitor wins, and trending topics, topics, topics, &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; and then writes an output for me every &gt;&gt; and then writes an output for me every &gt;&gt; and then writes an output for me every single day. Third use case here is a single day. Third use case here is a single day. Third use case here is a persistent memory researcher. So, persistent memory researcher. So, persistent memory researcher. So, whenever I mention small language whenever I mention small language whenever I mention small language models, on-device AI agent, or agent models, on-device AI agent, or agent models, on-device AI agent, or agent frameworks under 10 billion parameters, frameworks under 10 billion parameters, frameworks under 10 billion parameters, I wanted it to pull all of the news I wanted it to pull all of the news I wanted it to pull all of the news sources, add findings to a memory file, sources, add findings to a memory file, sources, add findings to a memory file, and then when I ask for follow-up and then when I ask for follow-up and then when I ask for follow-up questions on the topic, it should answer questions on the topic, it should answer questions on the topic, it should answer the dossier first and cite specific the dossier first and cite specific the dossier first and cite specific entries by date. entries by date. entries by date. So, I can simply copy this, So, I can simply copy this, So, I can simply copy this, and I will simply paste that in right and I will simply paste that in right and I will simply paste that in right here. Now, in case you're curious, over here. Now, in case you're curious, over here. Now, in case you're curious, over this whole session, we've only used up this whole session, we've only used up this whole session, we've only used up up [music] about 20 cents in Minima 2.7 up [music] about 20 cents in Minima 2.7 up [music] about 20 cents in Minima 2.7 credits. And if you ever want to find credits. And if you ever want to find credits. And if you ever want to find free models that are currently used a free models that are currently used a free models that are currently used a lot, simply click on most popular, and lot, simply click on most popular, and lot, simply click on most popular, and you can usually find some free models you can usually find some free models you can usually find some free models such as this one or this one that you such as this one or this one that you such as this one or this one that you can use for free with your Open Router can use for free with your Open Router can use for free with your Open Router API credits. If we go back to Kimiko API credits. If we go back to Kimiko API credits. If we go back to Kimiko 2.7, 2.7, 2.7, and we go by apps, we can see that and we go by apps, we can see that and we go by apps, we can see that Hermes agent is taking up most of the Hermes agent is taking up most of the Hermes agent is taking up most of the usage right now, usage right now, usage right now, &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; because it's just such a powerful model &gt;&gt; because it's just such a powerful model &gt;&gt; because it's just such a powerful model that that also affordable. If you want that that also affordable. If you want that that also affordable. If you want to see how to use Paperclip to set up to see how to use Paperclip to set up to see how to use Paperclip to set up multiple of these agents, let me know multiple of these agents, let me know multiple of these agents, let me know down at the comments because I just made down at the comments because I just made down at the comments because I just made a video on Paperclip right here that you a video on Paperclip right here that you a video on Paperclip right here that you might like to check out next. Check out might like to check out next. Check out might like to check out next. Check out the link in the description for any of the link in the description for any of the link in the description for any of the resources and the [music] cost the resources and the [music] cost the resources and the [music] cost comparison guide as well as the more comparison guide as well as the more comparison guide as well as the more in-depth guide on how to use Air Mass in-depth guide on how to use Air Mass in-depth guide on how to use Air Mass Agent effectively, and let me know if Agent effectively, and let me know if Agent effectively, and let me know if you have any questions down in the you have any questions down in the you have any questions down in the comments [music] below. If you comments [music] below. If you comments [music] below. If you subscribed, I'll see you in the next subscribed, I'll see you in the next subscribed, I'll see you in the next video.
