Hello, welcome back to the channel. If Hello, welcome back to the channel. If Hello, welcome back to the channel. If you are working in logistics and supply you are working in logistics and supply you are working in logistics and supply chain and you would like to implement AI chain and you would like to implement AI chain and you would like to implement AI agents to automate workflows and support agents to automate workflows and support agents to automate workflows and support decision-m process, you are in the right decision-m process, you are in the right decision-m process, you are in the right video. My name is Samir. I'm supply video. My name is Samir. I'm supply video. My name is Samir. I'm supply chain data scientist and founder of the chain data scientist and founder of the chain data scientist and founder of the startup log green. Of the over the last startup log green. Of the over the last startup log green. Of the over the last few months, we have implemented multiple few months, we have implemented multiple few months, we have implemented multiple AI agents to support small, medium, and AI agents to support small, medium, and AI agents to support small, medium, and large businesses in improving their large businesses in improving their large businesses in improving their productivity and automate decision-m productivity and automate decision-m productivity and automate decision-m process. In a previous video, I have process. In a previous video, I have process. In a previous video, I have introduced the tool that we've been introduced the tool that we've been introduced the tool that we've been using, which is NAN. And you can see using, which is NAN. And you can see using, which is NAN. And you can see here the user interface using three here the user interface using three here the user interface using three different case studies. For this video, different case studies. For this video, different case studies. For this video, I will we will work together in building I will we will work together in building I will we will work together in building an AI agent from scratch. The idea is to an AI agent from scratch. The idea is to an AI agent from scratch. The idea is to learn how to use anything to design a learn how to use anything to design a learn how to use anything to design a tool that would automatically process tool that would automatically process tool that would automatically process and parse emails that includes orders, and parse emails that includes orders, and parse emails that includes orders, extract the right information, and then extract the right information, and then extract the right information, and then pull the results in a Google sheet. pull the results in a Google sheet. pull the results in a Google sheet. Before starting coding, let me show you Before starting coding, let me show you Before starting coding, let me show you the results. So first this case study is the results. So first this case study is the results. So first this case study is coming from an actual project or I would coming from an actual project or I would coming from an actual project or I would say an actual situation that I faced say an actual situation that I faced say an actual situation that I faced when I was working in a logistic company when I was working in a logistic company when I was working in a logistic company with some of our customer. Basically, with some of our customer. Basically, with some of our customer. Basically, our customer didn't have the EDI our customer didn't have the EDI our customer didn't have the EDI connections with our warehouse connections with our warehouse connections with our warehouse management systems and was was sending management systems and was was sending management systems and was was sending the orders the inbound orders that we the orders the inbound orders that we the orders the inbound orders that we are supposed to receive in the warehouse are supposed to receive in the warehouse are supposed to receive in the warehouse by email and the emails looks like this by email and the emails looks like this by email and the emails looks like this where you have the P number in the where you have the P number in the where you have the P number in the subject with the expected delivery date subject with the expected delivery date subject with the expected delivery date and then providing some information and then providing some information and then providing some information inside the body where you would have the inside the body where you would have the inside the body where you would have the different order lines. So for each order different order lines. So for each order different order lines. So for each order lines you have the SKU ID and the lines you have the SKU ID and the lines you have the SKU ID and the quantity and we had some admins in our quantity and we had some admins in our quantity and we had some admins in our company but it was a long time ago way company but it was a long time ago way company but it was a long time ago way before AI was mainstream where that was before AI was mainstream where that was before AI was mainstream where that was basically processing the emails taking basically processing the emails taking basically processing the emails taking the right information and manually input the right information and manually input the right information and manually input the information in an Excel then that the information in an Excel then that the information in an Excel then that was transferred to the IT team to load was transferred to the IT team to load was transferred to the IT team to load the information in the warehouse the information in the warehouse the information in the warehouse management systems. So this process was management systems. So this process was management systems. So this process was manual, labor intensive and not really manual, labor intensive and not really manual, labor intensive and not really what you would expect from a modern what you would expect from a modern what you would expect from a modern logistic operations. Due to the fact logistic operations. Due to the fact logistic operations. Due to the fact that our customer was not able to that our customer was not able to that our customer was not able to provide information using EDI based on provide information using EDI based on provide information using EDI based on this problem that probably many this problem that probably many this problem that probably many companies are facing, I wanted to design companies are facing, I wanted to design companies are facing, I wanted to design a solution where an AI will a solution where an AI will a solution where an AI will automatically extract the right automatically extract the right automatically extract the right information and then load the data in information and then load the data in information and then load the data in for instance a Google sheet. And as you for instance a Google sheet. And as you for instance a Google sheet. And as you can see the Google sheet here has four can see the Google sheet here has four can see the Google sheet here has four lines, 44 lines. Each line is taking the lines, 44 lines. Each line is taking the lines, 44 lines. Each line is taking the right PO number and the expected right PO number and the expected right PO number and the expected delivery date and the different SKU ID delivery date and the different SKU ID delivery date and the different SKU ID and quantity. So in this video we are and quantity. So in this video we are and quantity. So in this video we are going to build this AI agent from going to build this AI agent from going to build this AI agent from scratch. So I can guide you on how I'm scratch. So I can guide you on how I'm scratch. So I can guide you on how I'm using anything to answer this kind of using anything to answer this kind of using anything to answer this kind of problems. In this workflow we're going problems. In this workflow we're going problems. In this workflow we're going to have connections with Gmail and AI to have connections with Gmail and AI to have connections with Gmail and AI agents using OpenAI model and then a agents using OpenAI model and then a agents using OpenAI model and then a connection with a Google sheet. And I connection with a Google sheet. And I connection with a Google sheet. And I hope it will give you enough information hope it will give you enough information hope it will give you enough information to start to build your own AI agents to start to build your own AI agents to start to build your own AI agents using any. So now that we know what we using any. So now that we know what we using any. So now that we know what we want to do, we can start working on the want to do, we can start working on the want to do, we can start working on the workflow. So as I as I explained, workflow. So as I as I explained, workflow. So as I as I explained, basically we want our workflow to basically we want our workflow to basically we want our workflow to process every email that is received in process every email that is received in process every email that is received in a specific mailbox that is for receiving a specific mailbox that is for receiving a specific mailbox that is for receiving purchase orders PO by email from this purchase orders PO by email from this purchase orders PO by email from this specific customer. So we need a trigger specific customer. So we need a trigger specific customer. So we need a trigger that would trigger the workflow each that would trigger the workflow each that would trigger the workflow each time we receive an email. So as I did time we receive an email. So as I did time we receive an email. So as I did for the previous customer, I will use a for the previous customer, I will use a for the previous customer, I will use a Gmail trigger because this customer Gmail trigger because this customer Gmail trigger because this customer created a specific Gmail address only created a specific Gmail address only created a specific Gmail address only for the PO for the PO for the PO received. So this trigger after you have received. So this trigger after you have received. So this trigger after you have put the right credentials for your email put the right credentials for your email put the right credentials for your email will be trig this note sorry will be will be trig this note sorry will be will be trig this note sorry will be triggered each time you receive an triggered each time you receive an triggered each time you receive an email. Here you can also put some email. Here you can also put some email. Here you can also put some frequency for me. I would I would like frequency for me. I would I would like frequency for me. I would I would like to check every minutes because we are to check every minutes because we are to check every minutes because we are talking about orders. So there's a kind talking about orders. So there's a kind talking about orders. So there's a kind of urgency uh that is uh that is in of urgency uh that is uh that is in of urgency uh that is uh that is in place. So let's make sure that we don't place. So let's make sure that we don't place. So let's make sure that we don't miss any any PO in case that uh uh the miss any any PO in case that uh uh the miss any any PO in case that uh uh the the warehouse team would need this the warehouse team would need this the warehouse team would need this information to prepare for the inbound. information to prepare for the inbound. information to prepare for the inbound. So now that we have the trigger, maybe So now that we have the trigger, maybe So now that we have the trigger, maybe we can start to to test the workflow. So we can start to to test the workflow. So we can start to to test the workflow. So I have sent to the email address the I have sent to the email address the I have sent to the email address the email that I showed you previously and as we can see here we previously and as we can see here we previously and as we can see here we have the email address we have the have the email address we have the have the email address we have the thread ID we have some information about thread ID we have some information about thread ID we have some information about the subject so everything that we need the subject so everything that we need the subject so everything that we need basically to start working on the basically to start working on the basically to start working on the parsing and extracting the information. parsing and extracting the information. parsing and extracting the information. So one tip that I can give you to avoid So one tip that I can give you to avoid So one tip that I can give you to avoid to have to fetch the Google Gmail API, to have to fetch the Google Gmail API, to have to fetch the Google Gmail API, you can pin the data. So this is pretty you can pin the data. So this is pretty you can pin the data. So this is pretty practical when you are building a practical when you are building a practical when you are building a workflow because then you don't have to workflow because then you don't have to workflow because then you don't have to call the API each time you do some call the API each time you do some call the API each time you do some tests. And considering that I'm using tests. And considering that I'm using tests. And considering that I'm using the free tire of Google Cloud, uh I the free tire of Google Cloud, uh I the free tire of Google Cloud, uh I don't want to reach the limit and not don't want to reach the limit and not don't want to reach the limit and not being able to send additional requests being able to send additional requests being able to send additional requests especially that this email is used by especially that this email is used by especially that this email is used by other workflows and I would advise you other workflows and I would advise you other workflows and I would advise you when you are building when you are in when you are building when you are in when you are building when you are in development mode to do the same. So we development mode to do the same. So we development mode to do the same. So we we have the trigger now. So we can we have the trigger now. So we can we have the trigger now. So we can extract the information but for that extract the information but for that extract the information but for that basically what we are going to do is we basically what we are going to do is we basically what we are going to do is we are going directly to uh build the AI are going directly to uh build the AI are going directly to uh build the AI agent. So the idea is we are going to agent. So the idea is we are going to agent. So the idea is we are going to receive the order with all the receive the order with all the receive the order with all the information needed and we are going to information needed and we are going to information needed and we are going to ask the AI agent to basically parse the ask the AI agent to basically parse the ask the AI agent to basically parse the email and provide the right information email and provide the right information email and provide the right information the output with a specific format. So the output with a specific format. So the output with a specific format. So for that you go on AI agent. So this AI agent basically this agent. So this AI agent basically this agent. So this AI agent basically this node is a a node to create an AI agent node is a a node to create an AI agent node is a a node to create an AI agent where you provide the input. So here where you provide the input. So here where you provide the input. So here this is what where I connected the Gmail this is what where I connected the Gmail this is what where I connected the Gmail trigger. Here you can provide the chat trigger. Here you can provide the chat trigger. Here you can provide the chat model. So for the chat model I will use model. So for the chat model I will use model. So for the chat model I will use open AI and I would suggest to use 40 open AI and I would suggest to use 40 open AI and I would suggest to use 40 mini. It's way enough for this kind of mini. It's way enough for this kind of mini. It's way enough for this kind of functionality. Uh also let's if you are functionality. Uh also let's if you are functionality. Uh also let's if you are using these nodes for a chat you can using these nodes for a chat you can using these nodes for a chat you can also add the memory. It can be the also add the memory. It can be the also add the memory. It can be the built-in memory which is a bit limited built-in memory which is a bit limited built-in memory which is a bit limited or you can use a posgris database for or you can use a posgris database for or you can use a posgris database for for doing that. But in our case, we for doing that. But in our case, we for doing that. But in our case, we don't need memory because we just need don't need memory because we just need don't need memory because we just need to process the email and then send the to process the email and then send the to process the email and then send the the output to another to the Gmail uh to the output to another to the Gmail uh to the output to another to the Gmail uh to another Gmail address or to a Google another Gmail address or to a Google another Gmail address or to a Google sheet. So we don't need that uh we don't sheet. So we don't need that uh we don't sheet. So we don't need that uh we don't need specific tool but what we would need specific tool but what we would need specific tool but what we would need is a specific output because what need is a specific output because what need is a specific output because what we are going to do is pass the we are going to do is pass the we are going to do is pass the information then output JSON then that information then output JSON then that information then output JSON then that will be processed to feed to pull the will be processed to feed to pull the will be processed to feed to pull the data in a Google sheet. So you go on add data in a Google sheet. So you go on add data in a Google sheet. So you go on add option or you go here more request option or you go here more request option or you go here more request specific output specific output specific output format and then you can then you can format and then you can then you can format and then you can then you can select the structured output parser select the structured output parser select the structured output parser here. The idea is let's not forget that here. The idea is let's not forget that here. The idea is let's not forget that okay it's probably a no code tool but okay it's probably a no code tool but okay it's probably a no code tool but behind there is structure with longchain behind there is structure with longchain behind there is structure with longchain uh agent different type of agent and uh agent different type of agent and uh agent different type of agent and here basically this output parser we ask here basically this output parser we ask here basically this output parser we ask the agent to output the data based on a the agent to output the data based on a the agent to output the data based on a specific format and we'll give him the specific format and we'll give him the specific format and we'll give him the example that is here so we are going to example that is here so we are going to example that is here so we are going to build the example together okay so this build the example together okay so this build the example together okay so this is the kind of information we have as I is the kind of information we have as I is the kind of information we have as I said we are going now to build the said we are going now to build the said we are going now to build the agents to parse the information. So how agents to parse the information. So how agents to parse the information. So how to build the agent? But first you need to build the agent? But first you need to build the agent? But first you need to provide him a system message and I to provide him a system message and I to provide him a system message and I have prepared a system message uh have prepared a system message uh have prepared a system message uh previously that I will show you now. So previously that I will show you now. So previously that I will show you now. So I copy I paste it and I show you here I copy I paste it and I show you here I copy I paste it and I show you here the expression. So this is a very basic the expression. So this is a very basic the expression. So this is a very basic um system prompt. We are not here uh to um system prompt. We are not here uh to um system prompt. We are not here uh to provide advanced knowledge or advanced provide advanced knowledge or advanced provide advanced knowledge or advanced uh tutorial on how to do uh prompting. uh tutorial on how to do uh prompting. uh tutorial on how to do uh prompting. The idea is just to show you how to The idea is just to show you how to The idea is just to show you how to build the different Lego blocks and then build the different Lego blocks and then build the different Lego blocks and then later you can obviously improve the later you can obviously improve the later you can obviously improve the solution to make sure that the agent is solution to make sure that the agent is solution to make sure that the agent is more accurate. But here you need to more accurate. But here you need to more accurate. But here you need to provide the context. Okay, what the provide the context. Okay, what the provide the context. Okay, what the agent are is basically an AI agent that agent are is basically an AI agent that agent are is basically an AI agent that is parsing information from from a is parsing information from from a is parsing information from from a customer. So here customer is AMS. I customer. So here customer is AMS. I customer. So here customer is AMS. I took a random brand for that. What I took a random brand for that. What I took a random brand for that. What I provides as information is the format of provides as information is the format of provides as information is the format of the subject. So this is something that the subject. So this is something that the subject. So this is something that the customer the the lo the logistic the customer the the lo the logistic the customer the the lo the logistic companies has agreed with the customer. companies has agreed with the customer. companies has agreed with the customer. So to say that the customer should put So to say that the customer should put So to say that the customer should put the PO number in the subject and then the PO number in the subject and then the PO number in the subject and then explain him that in the body it will explain him that in the body it will explain him that in the body it will have the different type of information have the different type of information have the different type of information the expected delivery date and here we the expected delivery date and here we the expected delivery date and here we provide an expected format it can be provide an expected format it can be provide an expected format it can be different from what you have but based different from what you have but based different from what you have but based on the example that I show you it's on the example that I show you it's on the example that I show you it's exactly this and then different that you exactly this and then different that you exactly this and then different that you can also expect some line information can also expect some line information can also expect some line information because here what we have to understand because here what we have to understand because here what we have to understand is that when we are going to receive a is that when we are going to receive a is that when we are going to receive a PO the PO that I showed you we have the PO the PO that I showed you we have the PO the PO that I showed you we have the PO number and then we have the expected PO number and then we have the expected PO number and then we have the expected delivery date. But then for these two delivery date. But then for these two delivery date. But then for these two information, we may have multiple order information, we may have multiple order information, we may have multiple order lines. And this is what we have to lines. And this is what we have to lines. And this is what we have to explain to the agent. And in this order explain to the agent. And in this order explain to the agent. And in this order line, we have the SKU number and the line, we have the SKU number and the line, we have the SKU number and the quantity. And what we want from the quantity. And what we want from the quantity. And what we want from the agent is to extract the the different agent is to extract the the different agent is to extract the the different fields. And the field is okay, the fields. And the field is okay, the fields. And the field is okay, the purchase order number, the expected purchase order number, the expected purchase order number, the expected delivery date, and the different lines. delivery date, and the different lines. delivery date, and the different lines. And then based on that we are going to And then based on that we are going to And then based on that we are going to use another node a code node uh using use another node a code node uh using use another node a code node uh using javascript to parse the javascript to parse the javascript to parse the information. So I think it's pretty information. So I think it's pretty information. So I think it's pretty clear now. So what we have to say to the clear now. So what we have to say to the clear now. So what we have to say to the agents is how is going to receive the agents is how is going to receive the agents is how is going to receive the the information the information is going the information the information is going the information the information is going to be received. So here what you can do to be received. So here what you can do to be received. So here what you can do is directly connect it to a chat trigger is directly connect it to a chat trigger is directly connect it to a chat trigger node. So in case you you are using your node. So in case you you are using your node. So in case you you are using your chat but here is not the case. We are chat but here is not the case. We are chat but here is not the case. We are not using a chat. We are connecting it not using a chat. We are connecting it not using a chat. We are connecting it to a Gmail trigger. So it's more so we to a Gmail trigger. So it's more so we to a Gmail trigger. So it's more so we have to define how the data is going to have to define how the data is going to have to define how the data is going to be to be received. So here what we can be to be received. So here what we can be to be received. So here what we can say say say is email is email is email subject and what would be the email subject and what would be the email subject and what would be the email subject. So here this is the output of subject. So here this is the output of subject. So here this is the output of the Gmail trigger. So where you have all the Gmail trigger. So where you have all the Gmail trigger. So where you have all the information and what we can see here the information and what we can see here the information and what we can see here is that the subject is available here. Then we have the body email body and body email body and body email body and here we can provide the here we can provide the here we can provide the snippet. Okay. So one one interesting snippet. Okay. So one one interesting snippet. Okay. So one one interesting thing here is that the snippet doesn't thing here is that the snippet doesn't thing here is that the snippet doesn't provide the whole body. Why? I don't provide the whole body. Why? I don't provide the whole body. Why? I don't know because probably here we have put know because probably here we have put know because probably here we have put simplify. So let's unpin the data. simplify. So let's unpin the data. simplify. So let's unpin the data. Let's retrigger that. Okay, let's pin Let's retrigger that. Okay, let's pin Let's retrigger that. Okay, let's pin back the data. And now instead of having back the data. And now instead of having back the data. And now instead of having a a a snippet, instead of using the snippet, snippet, instead of using the snippet, snippet, instead of using the snippet, we are going to we are going to we are going to use the text. use the text. use the text. That's That's That's one that's one trap that you can that one that's one trap that you can that one that's one trap that you can that you can find sometimes in the triggers you can find sometimes in the triggers you can find sometimes in the triggers is is is that by default you have for instance that by default you have for instance that by default you have for instance simplified that is selected where you simplified that is selected where you simplified that is selected where you and you cannot access the full body but and you cannot access the full body but and you cannot access the full body but here we need the body because this is here we need the body because this is here we need the body because this is where you will have the all the where you will have the all the where you will have the all the information that we want to extract the information that we want to extract the information that we want to extract the subject here what we can see is that subject here what we can see is that subject here what we can see is that it's green. So when it's green that it's green. So when it's green that it's green. So when it's green that means we need to redefine it. So let me means we need to redefine it. So let me means we need to redefine it. So let me see probably because when you not you see probably because when you not you see probably because when you not you don't simplify the format of the output don't simplify the format of the output don't simplify the format of the output is different. So here where is the is different. So here where is the is different. So here where is the subject? It's here. Boom. We have the subject? It's here. Boom. We have the subject? It's here. Boom. We have the subject. Pretty easy. And how it looks subject. Pretty easy. And how it looks subject. Pretty easy. And how it looks like. Great. So this is what we are like. Great. So this is what we are like. Great. So this is what we are going to provide to the AI agent plus going to provide to the AI agent plus going to provide to the AI agent plus the system the system the system prompt. That's not finished because here prompt. That's not finished because here prompt. That's not finished because here we we need to basically explain to the we we need to basically explain to the we we need to basically explain to the AI agents how to output the the data and AI agents how to output the the data and AI agents how to output the the data and for that basically we are going to use for that basically we are going to use for that basically we are going to use JSON and we are going to provide an JSON and we are going to provide an JSON and we are going to provide an example of the JSON uh format that we example of the JSON uh format that we example of the JSON uh format that we need to to that we want basically and need to to that we want basically and need to to that we want basically and for that I prepared this. So I will for that I prepared this. So I will for that I prepared this. So I will explain you in explain you in explain you in details. Let me show you here. Okay. So details. Let me show you here. Okay. So details. Let me show you here. Okay. So basically what we want is to have the basically what we want is to have the basically what we want is to have the information at the PO level at the first information at the PO level at the first information at the PO level at the first level. So that's the PO number and the level. So that's the PO number and the level. So that's the PO number and the expected delivery date and then we would expected delivery date and then we would expected delivery date and then we would have we would want to have a list of have we would want to have a list of have we would want to have a list of information. So here for the different information. So here for the different information. So here for the different order lines that we have. So here the PO order lines that we have. So here the PO order lines that we have. So here the PO number, here the expected delivery date number, here the expected delivery date number, here the expected delivery date and then we have a list where we have and then we have a list where we have and then we have a list where we have four order lines and for each item of four order lines and for each item of four order lines and for each item of the list we have the the first key which the list we have the the first key which the list we have the the first key which is the SKU ID and then the second key is the SKU ID and then the second key is the SKU ID and then the second key which is the quantity. which is the quantity. which is the quantity. Why why I'm showing that why I'm putting Why why I'm showing that why I'm putting Why why I'm showing that why I'm putting this because if you don't do anything this because if you don't do anything this because if you don't do anything the you don't know how the AI agent is the you don't know how the AI agent is the you don't know how the AI agent is going to output the information and here going to output the information and here going to output the information and here let's not forget that we need basically let's not forget that we need basically let's not forget that we need basically to process the data later to send that to process the data later to send that to process the data later to send that to um to to pull that to a Google sheet. to um to to pull that to a Google sheet. to um to to pull that to a Google sheet. So okay this is done now let's let's try So okay this is done now let's let's try So okay this is done now let's let's try let's try it and you know I've pinned let's try it and you know I've pinned let's try it and you know I've pinned the data so we are not going to send a the data so we are not going to send a the data so we are not going to send a request to the API which is good. Great. request to the API which is good. Great. request to the API which is good. Great. Okay, everything is green. That mean Okay, everything is green. That mean Okay, everything is green. That mean it's it's it's working here. What we can see at the working here. What we can see at the working here. What we can see at the logs is that this is what we sent to the logs is that this is what we sent to the logs is that this is what we sent to the AI AI AI agent and this is what we agent and this is what we agent and this is what we retrieved and it looks like what we want retrieved and it looks like what we want retrieved and it looks like what we want to to to have. Let's look at the output. Yes. So have. Let's look at the output. Yes. So have. Let's look at the output. Yes. So we have the purchase order number, the P we have the purchase order number, the P we have the purchase order number, the P number, the expected delivery date and number, the expected delivery date and number, the expected delivery date and the different lines. Cool. the different lines. Cool. the different lines. Cool. But this is not at the format, you know, But this is not at the format, you know, But this is not at the format, you know, it it doesn't look like a table, right? it it doesn't look like a table, right? it it doesn't look like a table, right? And what we want to pull to the to the And what we want to pull to the to the And what we want to pull to the to the Google sheet is a table. Easy peasy. Google sheet is a table. Easy peasy. Google sheet is a table. Easy peasy. What we need is now we have the support What we need is now we have the support What we need is now we have the support of of of JavaScript. So we have support of JavaScript. So we have support of JavaScript. So we have support of JavaScript and Python. to be honest uh JavaScript and Python. to be honest uh JavaScript and Python. to be honest uh for me most I'm more for me most I'm more for me most I'm more um comfortable writing uh Python code um comfortable writing uh Python code um comfortable writing uh Python code but the problem is anything is still not but the problem is anything is still not but the problem is anything is still not ready to to to to use Python so you ready to to to to use Python so you ready to to to to use Python so you don't have all the libraries so it's way don't have all the libraries so it's way don't have all the libraries so it's way easier with JavaScript so here what we easier with JavaScript so here what we easier with JavaScript so here what we would have so as an output this is the output have so as an output this is the output have so as an output this is the output we have so that's the the format and we have so that's the the format and we have so that's the the format and what we want to do is basically um what we want to do is basically um what we want to do is basically um transform that into all the lines in a transform that into all the lines in a transform that into all the lines in a table and for this we are going to use a table and for this we are going to use a table and for this we are going to use a JavaScript JavaScript JavaScript code. First we are going to define what code. First we are going to define what code. First we are going to define what we what we are going to get from the we what we are going to get from the we what we are going to get from the from the output. So we're going to have from the output. So we're going to have from the output. So we're going to have the purchase order. Yes, we're going to have the Yes, we're going to have the Yes, we're going to have the expected delivery expected delivery expected delivery date and then we're going to date result date and then we're going to date result date and then we're going to date result and then we're going to have the and then we're going to have the and then we're going to have the lines and these three variables will be lines and these three variables will be lines and these three variables will be basically what we're going to have from basically what we're going to have from basically what we're going to have from the output. Yeah, great. We need to the output. Yeah, great. We need to the output. Yeah, great. We need to close. And then what we need basically close. And then what we need basically close. And then what we need basically is um okay wait I forgot something. Yeah um okay wait I forgot something. Yeah um okay wait I forgot something. Yeah what we need then is to have we are what we need then is to have we are what we need then is to have we are going to create a loop for each line of going to create a loop for each line of going to create a loop for each line of the order lines and we are going to the order lines and we are going to the order lines and we are going to append the purchase order and the append the purchase order and the append the purchase order and the expected delivery date to the content of expected delivery date to the content of expected delivery date to the content of the of the line. the of the line. the of the line. So for So for So for this so this is what we're going to this so this is what we're going to this so this is what we're going to return for each line we're going to use return for each line we're going to use return for each line we're going to use the function the JavaScript function the function the JavaScript function the function the JavaScript function map which is map which is map which is pract like a lambda function in Python pract like a lambda function in Python pract like a lambda function in Python and for each line what we are going to and for each line what we are going to and for each line what we are going to retrieve is retrieve is retrieve is first so that's going to be JSON first so that's going to be JSON first so that's going to be JSON format format format Um first so we need to have the purchase Um first so we need to have the purchase Um first so we need to have the purchase order order order number. So I call that purchase order. number. So I call that purchase order. number. So I call that purchase order. This is purchase order number. This is purchase order number. This is purchase order number. then uh the expected delivery date and date and date and then we're going to then we're going to then we're going to have the SKU number and here it would be have the SKU number and here it would be have the SKU number and here it would be line line line SKU and we're going to have the quantity SKU and we're going to have the quantity SKU and we're going to have the quantity which which which is line dot quantity Let's try Let's try Let's try it. Yes, it's working. Okay. So, what do it. Yes, it's working. Okay. So, what do it. Yes, it's working. Okay. So, what do we have? We have exactly what we want to we have? We have exactly what we want to we have? We have exactly what we want to have in our Google sheet. So, for all have in our Google sheet. So, for all have in our Google sheet. So, for all the lines or the for the lines in the the lines or the for the lines in the the lines or the for the lines in the email and for each other line, we have email and for each other line, we have email and for each other line, we have the right PO number, we have the right the right PO number, we have the right the right PO number, we have the right expected delivery date, we have the expected delivery date, we have the expected delivery date, we have the right SKU ID, and we have the right right SKU ID, and we have the right right SKU ID, and we have the right quantity. quantity. quantity. Great. So, then we good. So what do we Great. So, then we good. So what do we Great. So, then we good. So what do we need now? Uh it's basically the Google need now? Uh it's basically the Google need now? Uh it's basically the Google sheet sheet sheet uh the nodes to pull the data to Google uh the nodes to pull the data to Google uh the nodes to pull the data to Google sheets. So we go to Google Sheets sheets. So we go to Google Sheets sheets. So we go to Google Sheets here. Um Um Um and what we want is let me see append and what we want is let me see append and what we want is let me see append row in a row in a row in a sheet. So which which sheet we are going sheet. So which which sheet we are going sheet. So which which sheet we are going to use is the sheet thing called email to use is the sheet thing called email to use is the sheet thing called email parsing. That's the first one. Okay, parsing. That's the first one. Okay, parsing. That's the first one. Okay, great. So great. So great. So here let me here let me here let me see see see here in this node uh you can map here in this node uh you can map here in this node uh you can map automatically. You can expect that the automatically. You can expect that the automatically. You can expect that the node will map automatically. I don't node will map automatically. I don't node will map automatically. I don't advise to do that. Or you can ask or you advise to do that. Or you can ask or you advise to do that. Or you can ask or you can select map auto uh manually uh to can select map auto uh manually uh to can select map auto uh manually uh to say okay for each column what do you say okay for each column what do you say okay for each column what do you want? So here what do we want? So first want? So here what do we want? So first want? So here what do we want? So first uh we close everything just to make sure uh we close everything just to make sure uh we close everything just to make sure it's clear. What we want is the output it's clear. What we want is the output it's clear. What we want is the output of the code node right? This is what we of the code node right? This is what we of the code node right? This is what we have the formatted data. So in the P have the formatted data. So in the P have the formatted data. So in the P number column we want the P number. In number column we want the P number. In number column we want the P number. In the expected delivery date we want the the expected delivery date we want the the expected delivery date we want the expected delivery date. In the SKU ID we expected delivery date. In the SKU ID we expected delivery date. In the SKU ID we want the SKU and the quantity we want want the SKU and the quantity we want want the SKU and the quantity we want the quantity. Okay, so everything is the quantity. Okay, so everything is the quantity. Okay, so everything is good. Let me just go back good. Let me just go back good. Let me just go back to the Google sheet. Let me clean the to the Google sheet. Let me clean the to the Google sheet. Let me clean the lines. So make sure that lines. So make sure that lines. So make sure that um we can test that it's working um we can test that it's working um we can test that it's working properly and then go back to the AI properly and then go back to the AI properly and then go back to the AI agent. So here, okay, for the sake of agent. So here, okay, for the sake of agent. So here, okay, for the sake of experimenting, I will remove the endpin. experimenting, I will remove the endpin. experimenting, I will remove the endpin. So everything will be loaded and we can So everything will be loaded and we can So everything will be loaded and we can test the test the test the workflow and cross we can cross finger workflow and cross we can cross finger workflow and cross we can cross finger to make sure that there is no issues. to make sure that there is no issues. to make sure that there is no issues. There is no issues. Seems no There is no issues. Seems no There is no issues. Seems no issues. That's the output we have. Okay, issues. That's the output we have. Okay, issues. That's the output we have. Okay, let's go back to the Google sheet. Yes, let's go back to the Google sheet. Yes, let's go back to the Google sheet. Yes, everything is here. So now that your everything is here. So now that your everything is here. So now that your agent is ready. So what you need to do agent is ready. So what you need to do agent is ready. So what you need to do is is is just activate the the workflow. just activate the the workflow. just activate the the workflow. Maybe I can do the experiments of Maybe I can do the experiments of Maybe I can do the experiments of rescending an email. So I will resend an rescending an email. So I will resend an rescending an email. So I will resend an email to myself email to myself email to myself lobbot embald order. So here okay let me try that po 8888 only eight. okay let me try that po 8888 only eight. okay let me try that po 8888 only eight. If you are Chinese you know that it If you are Chinese you know that it If you are Chinese you know that it brings luck. brings luck. brings luck. Okay, it will be in May, right? It will Okay, it will be in May, right? It will Okay, it will be in May, right? It will be the 8th of be the 8th of be the 8th of August August August 2028. Okay, only 2028. Okay, only 2028. Okay, only eight purchase order. So, it should be eight purchase order. So, it should be eight purchase order. So, it should be the same. And here 08. Let's make things same. And here 08. Let's make things same. And here 08. Let's make things properly. properly. properly. Yeah. So, here Yeah. So, here Yeah. So, here [Music] [Music] [Music] 2028 08 08. Okay. And here let's call 2028 08 08. Okay. And here let's call 2028 08 08. Okay. And here let's call that test the the the work work work flow flow flow 88 88 to bring luck. Okay, let's go. So 88 88 to bring luck. Okay, let's go. So 88 88 to bring luck. Okay, let's go. So we send that to ourselves. Okay, let me we send that to ourselves. Okay, let me we send that to ourselves. Okay, let me quickly go back to the quickly go back to the quickly go back to the workflow execution. Boom. We have an workflow execution. Boom. We have an workflow execution. Boom. We have an execution here. successful in the output. No, that's not successful in the output. No, that's not successful in the output. No, that's not the output. What happened? Ah, the output. What happened? Ah, the output. What happened? Ah, okay. okay. okay. Uh, the execution will be every minute. Uh, the execution will be every minute. Uh, the execution will be every minute. So, should we wait 1 minute? Probably. So, should we wait 1 minute? Probably. So, should we wait 1 minute? Probably. Bam, bam, bam, bam, bam. Maybe with the Bam, bam, bam, bam, bam. Maybe with the Bam, bam, bam, bam, bam. Maybe with the magic of editing, I will cut that. magic of editing, I will cut that. magic of editing, I will cut that. But, or maybe But, or maybe But, or maybe not. Yeah. and not. Yeah. and not. Yeah. and the and the and we received the right uh the and the and we received the right uh the and the and we received the right uh the right all the lines. So that's the right all the lines. So that's the right all the lines. So that's working. Uh I hope things were clear working. Uh I hope things were clear working. Uh I hope things were clear enough. If you have any questions, don't enough. If you have any questions, don't enough. If you have any questions, don't hesitate to use the comment section and hesitate to use the comment section and hesitate to use the comment section and I will try to answer them. And if you I will try to answer them. And if you I will try to answer them. And if you have any suggestion of new AI agents have any suggestion of new AI agents have any suggestion of new AI agents or applications for logistics and supply or applications for logistics and supply or applications for logistics and supply chain, don't hesitate also to share that chain, don't hesitate also to share that chain, don't hesitate also to share that in the comment section. I will try my in the comment section. I will try my in the comment section. I will try my best uh to follow your suggestion for best uh to follow your suggestion for best uh to follow your suggestion for the next videos.
