Hey guys, it's Charlie and in today's Hey guys, it's Charlie and in today's Hey guys, it's Charlie and in today's video I'll be showing you exactly how to video I'll be showing you exactly how to video I'll be showing you exactly how to use Google Gemini. I'll be covering use Google Gemini. I'll be covering use Google Gemini. I'll be covering everything you need to know, all the everything you need to know, all the everything you need to know, all the different features, the free versus the different features, the free versus the different features, the free versus the paid plan, some really cool use cases paid plan, some really cool use cases paid plan, some really cool use cases that Gemini is really good for. And that Gemini is really good for. And that Gemini is really good for. And yeah, essentially it's going to take you yeah, essentially it's going to take you yeah, essentially it's going to take you from beginner to a complete pro. It's from beginner to a complete pro. It's from beginner to a complete pro. It's going to cover everything you need to going to cover everything you need to going to cover everything you need to know. And guys, trust me, Gemini is such know. And guys, trust me, Gemini is such know. And guys, trust me, Gemini is such an amazing tool. It's extremely an amazing tool. It's extremely an amazing tool. It's extremely powerful. The way that it connects to powerful. The way that it connects to powerful. The way that it connects to all your Google tools is simply amazing. all your Google tools is simply amazing. all your Google tools is simply amazing. Yeah, I'd say it's such a practical AI Yeah, I'd say it's such a practical AI Yeah, I'd say it's such a practical AI tool that not that many people use. So, tool that not that many people use. So, tool that not that many people use. So, let's get started. So, almost all you let's get started. So, almost all you let's get started. So, almost all you guys watching this video probably have a guys watching this video probably have a guys watching this video probably have a Google account, and that's great because Google account, and that's great because Google account, and that's great because the seamless integration with Gemini is the seamless integration with Gemini is the seamless integration with Gemini is perfect. Now, the way you access Gemini perfect. Now, the way you access Gemini perfect. Now, the way you access Gemini is by going to gemini.google.com. is by going to gemini.google.com. is by going to gemini.google.com. If you're already logged into your If you're already logged into your If you're already logged into your Google account, it's already going to be Google account, it's already going to be Google account, it's already going to be logged in. And the first thing I want to logged in. And the first thing I want to logged in. And the first thing I want to show you guys is this right here. So, show you guys is this right here. So, show you guys is this right here. So, this number is going to change depending this number is going to change depending this number is going to change depending on when you're watching this video. on when you're watching this video. on when you're watching this video. Currently, we're on the 2.5 version, but Currently, we're on the 2.5 version, but Currently, we're on the 2.5 version, but this is going to change quite often. And this is going to change quite often. And this is going to change quite often. And so on the free version of Gemini, which so on the free version of Gemini, which so on the free version of Gemini, which you guys is extremely powerful, it's you guys is extremely powerful, it's you guys is extremely powerful, it's powerful enough for 99% of you guys powerful enough for 99% of you guys powerful enough for 99% of you guys watching this video. We have the flash watching this video. We have the flash watching this video. We have the flash model and we also have the pro model. model and we also have the pro model. model and we also have the pro model. Now, if you do want to upgrade to AI Now, if you do want to upgrade to AI Now, if you do want to upgrade to AI Pro, I think it's about $20 a month. You Pro, I think it's about $20 a month. You Pro, I think it's about $20 a month. You get a bunch of other features and get a bunch of other features and get a bunch of other features and different models, but for most of you different models, but for most of you different models, but for most of you guys, you probably won't need this. I guys, you probably won't need this. I guys, you probably won't need this. I use Flash for answers that don't require use Flash for answers that don't require use Flash for answers that don't require a ton of thinking, and it's also a lot a ton of thinking, and it's also a lot a ton of thinking, and it's also a lot faster, so keep that in mind. And then faster, so keep that in mind. And then faster, so keep that in mind. And then for the Pro model, this is going to be for the Pro model, this is going to be for the Pro model, this is going to be better for reasoning, for math, for better for reasoning, for math, for better for reasoning, for math, for coding. If you're asking Gemini a very coding. If you're asking Gemini a very coding. If you're asking Gemini a very specific prompt that uses a lot of brain specific prompt that uses a lot of brain specific prompt that uses a lot of brain power, then this is the better model for power, then this is the better model for power, then this is the better model for that, but it is quite a bit slower. Now, that, but it is quite a bit slower. Now, that, but it is quite a bit slower. Now, if we come here, it's going to expand if we come here, it's going to expand if we come here, it's going to expand this little sidebar. It's very similar this little sidebar. It's very similar this little sidebar. It's very similar to chat GPT where we can have different to chat GPT where we can have different to chat GPT where we can have different conversations right here. So, I can conversations right here. So, I can conversations right here. So, I can create new conversations whenever I create new conversations whenever I create new conversations whenever I want. We'll talk more about gems later want. We'll talk more about gems later want. We'll talk more about gems later on this video. And if you want to create on this video. And if you want to create on this video. And if you want to create a new chat, which you know is going to a new chat, which you know is going to a new chat, which you know is going to go right here, you just click right go right here, you just click right go right here, you just click right here. Now, the first use case I want to here. Now, the first use case I want to here. Now, the first use case I want to show you guys is just very similar to show you guys is just very similar to show you guys is just very similar to chat GBT. So, if you are familiar with chat GBT. So, if you are familiar with chat GBT. So, if you are familiar with that, then you can essentially use that, then you can essentially use that, then you can essentially use Gemini the same exact way. Talk to it as Gemini the same exact way. Talk to it as Gemini the same exact way. Talk to it as if it's the smartest person in the world if it's the smartest person in the world if it's the smartest person in the world that basically knows everything. It also that basically knows everything. It also that basically knows everything. It also has access to the internet. We're going has access to the internet. We're going has access to the internet. We're going to explore how it can actually see to explore how it can actually see to explore how it can actually see images and create images. There's really images and create images. There's really images and create images. There's really good integration with all your good integration with all your good integration with all your documents. So, you can actually create documents. So, you can actually create documents. So, you can actually create documents directly using Gemini and documents directly using Gemini and documents directly using Gemini and yeah, we'll cover all that in this yeah, we'll cover all that in this yeah, we'll cover all that in this video. For example, I can ask Gemini in video. For example, I can ask Gemini in video. For example, I can ask Gemini in three bullet points, what can you do three bullet points, what can you do three bullet points, what can you do better than earlier models? Keep it better than earlier models? Keep it better than earlier models? Keep it non-technical. So, it gave us three non-technical. So, it gave us three non-technical. So, it gave us three bullet points. These are very easy to bullet points. These are very easy to bullet points. These are very easy to understand. Essentially, you can ask understand. Essentially, you can ask understand. Essentially, you can ask Gemini to do anything that chat GBPT can Gemini to do anything that chat GBPT can Gemini to do anything that chat GBPT can do. Now, with any response, what we can do. Now, with any response, what we can do. Now, with any response, what we can do is we can redo it. If we don't like do is we can redo it. If we don't like do is we can redo it. If we don't like the answer, you can click this button the answer, you can click this button the answer, you can click this button right here. You can also share and right here. You can also share and right here. You can also share and export. So, I can actually share this export. So, I can actually share this export. So, I can actually share this conversation with someone else. I can conversation with someone else. I can conversation with someone else. I can export it to Google Docs directly. Or I export it to Google Docs directly. Or I export it to Google Docs directly. Or I can actually draft it directly on Gmail. can actually draft it directly on Gmail. can actually draft it directly on Gmail. So, if I click on this button right So, if I click on this button right So, if I click on this button right here, I'm going to open Gmail. And as here, I'm going to open Gmail. And as here, I'm going to open Gmail. And as you can see, it basically copy and you can see, it basically copy and you can see, it basically copy and pasted that answer and I can send it pasted that answer and I can send it pasted that answer and I can send it directly to whoever I want. I can also directly to whoever I want. I can also directly to whoever I want. I can also copy the response by clicking this copy the response by clicking this copy the response by clicking this button here. here. And if I click on button here. here. And if I click on button here. here. And if I click on these three dots right here, I can these three dots right here, I can these three dots right here, I can actually listen to this answer with actually listen to this answer with actually listen to this answer with audio or I can actually have it double audio or I can actually have it double audio or I can actually have it double checkck the response. So, it's going to checkck the response. So, it's going to checkck the response. So, it's going to actually verify that this response is actually verify that this response is actually verify that this response is correct. Now, I want to take you guys correct. Now, I want to take you guys correct. Now, I want to take you guys through some of the other cool features through some of the other cool features through some of the other cool features with Gemini cuz I assume you guys with Gemini cuz I assume you guys with Gemini cuz I assume you guys already know you can basically do already know you can basically do already know you can basically do anything with this portion right here. anything with this portion right here. anything with this portion right here. You can have it be your virtual You can have it be your virtual You can have it be your virtual assistant. You can have it draft up assistant. You can have it draft up assistant. You can have it draft up emails. You can have it proofread any emails. You can have it proofread any emails. You can have it proofread any type of writing. You can create blog type of writing. You can create blog type of writing. You can create blog posts. You can basically do anything posts. You can basically do anything posts. You can basically do anything here. Now, if we want to have Gemini here. Now, if we want to have Gemini here. Now, if we want to have Gemini help us do deep research, what we can do help us do deep research, what we can do help us do deep research, what we can do is click on this button right here. And is click on this button right here. And is click on this button right here. And this gives us a lot more in-depth this gives us a lot more in-depth this gives us a lot more in-depth answers. So, if I click on this right answers. So, if I click on this right answers. So, if I click on this right here, it's going to activate this. Okay, here, it's going to activate this. Okay, here, it's going to activate this. Okay, so let's do something like this. Help me so let's do something like this. Help me so let's do something like this. Help me research the five most popular stocks, research the five most popular stocks, research the five most popular stocks, create a report going over the current create a report going over the current create a report going over the current prices, analytics, and anything else prices, analytics, and anything else prices, analytics, and anything else that will help me compare the companies, that will help me compare the companies, that will help me compare the companies, and make an informed buying decision. and make an informed buying decision. and make an informed buying decision. Obviously, you guys can do any type of Obviously, you guys can do any type of Obviously, you guys can do any type of research you want. This can be applied research you want. This can be applied research you want. This can be applied to pretty much anything, but let's just to pretty much anything, but let's just to pretty much anything, but let's just see what it does right here. I'm keeping see what it does right here. I'm keeping see what it does right here. I'm keeping this on flash for faster answers. But if this on flash for faster answers. But if this on flash for faster answers. But if you guys want a more like detailed you guys want a more like detailed you guys want a more like detailed response that takes a bit longer, you'll response that takes a bit longer, you'll response that takes a bit longer, you'll want to change this to pro. So with deep want to change this to pro. So with deep want to change this to pro. So with deep research, it's actually going to tell us research, it's actually going to tell us research, it's actually going to tell us what it's going to be doing first. And what it's going to be doing first. And what it's going to be doing first. And so, as you can see, it's going to first so, as you can see, it's going to first so, as you can see, it's going to first research different websites. It's going research different websites. It's going research different websites. It's going to analyze the results and then create a to analyze the results and then create a to analyze the results and then create a report. Now, if we want to change this report. Now, if we want to change this report. Now, if we want to change this research plan, we can go ahead and click research plan, we can go ahead and click research plan, we can go ahead and click on this and edit this however we want. on this and edit this however we want. on this and edit this however we want. But usually, it knows exactly what to do But usually, it knows exactly what to do But usually, it knows exactly what to do quite well. So, I'll click on start quite well. So, I'll click on start quite well. So, I'll click on start research. as it's actually doing the research. as it's actually doing the research. as it's actually doing the research, it's going to show its research, it's going to show its research, it's going to show its thinking. So, that's really cool for you thinking. So, that's really cool for you thinking. So, that's really cool for you guys to see. It usually will go through guys to see. It usually will go through guys to see. It usually will go through dozens or even hundreds of different dozens or even hundreds of different dozens or even hundreds of different websites. And so, you can see how it websites. And so, you can see how it websites. And so, you can see how it saves you a ton of time, especially for saves you a ton of time, especially for saves you a ton of time, especially for research, because it can crawl these research, because it can crawl these research, because it can crawl these websites super super quickly, and do websites super super quickly, and do websites super super quickly, and do things just like a thousand times faster things just like a thousand times faster things just like a thousand times faster than any human. It's gone through all than any human. It's gone through all than any human. It's gone through all these different websites, which is just these different websites, which is just these different websites, which is just crazy. And usually, this will take a few crazy. And usually, this will take a few crazy. And usually, this will take a few minutes depending on what type of report minutes depending on what type of report minutes depending on what type of report and research it's doing. So now that and research it's doing. So now that and research it's doing. So now that it's done, this took a few minutes to it's done, this took a few minutes to it's done, this took a few minutes to do. We can go through this and see what do. We can go through this and see what do. We can go through this and see what has given us. We can see there's a has given us. We can see there's a has given us. We can see there's a highle summary of what's in this report. highle summary of what's in this report. highle summary of what's in this report. We have an intro. We have a table We have an intro. We have a table We have an intro. We have a table comparing some of the key metrics for comparing some of the key metrics for comparing some of the key metrics for these five companies. It's really cool. these five companies. It's really cool. these five companies. It's really cool. You can export directly to sheets if you You can export directly to sheets if you You can export directly to sheets if you want. Now it's going to go even deeper want. Now it's going to go even deeper want. Now it's going to go even deeper into each of these five companies. It into each of these five companies. It into each of these five companies. It also gives us an appendix. So it's going also gives us an appendix. So it's going also gives us an appendix. So it's going to have all the citations of the sources to have all the citations of the sources to have all the citations of the sources it used. And we'll be able to actually it used. And we'll be able to actually it used. And we'll be able to actually see all the sources used in the report see all the sources used in the report see all the sources used in the report here as well. Click on them and actually here as well. Click on them and actually here as well. Click on them and actually see that article. Now, if we click on see that article. Now, if we click on see that article. Now, if we click on this button right here, we'll be able to this button right here, we'll be able to this button right here, we'll be able to export directly to Docs or we can just export directly to Docs or we can just export directly to Docs or we can just copy the contents and paste it copy the contents and paste it copy the contents and paste it elsewhere. Additionally, we can click on elsewhere. Additionally, we can click on elsewhere. Additionally, we can click on this create button and we can actually this create button and we can actually this create button and we can actually use this to create a web page. You can use this to create a web page. You can use this to create a web page. You can create an infographic, a quiz, or an create an infographic, a quiz, or an create an infographic, a quiz, or an audio overview, which is really cool. audio overview, which is really cool. audio overview, which is really cool. I'm going to show you guys what I'm going to show you guys what I'm going to show you guys what infographic looks like. And by the way, infographic looks like. And by the way, infographic looks like. And by the way, we can always ask it to change different we can always ask it to change different we can always ask it to change different things here on the left side. We can ask things here on the left side. We can ask things here on the left side. We can ask it more questions, give it more context, it more questions, give it more context, it more questions, give it more context, and it's going to bake that into the and it's going to bake that into the and it's going to bake that into the research report. So, here it's coding research report. So, here it's coding research report. So, here it's coding this infographic for us. By default, this infographic for us. By default, this infographic for us. By default, it's going to be a single page it's going to be a single page it's going to be a single page infographic, but we can also change it. infographic, but we can also change it. infographic, but we can also change it. We can have it create a two-pager, a We can have it create a two-pager, a We can have it create a two-pager, a three-pager. Basically, you can give it three-pager. Basically, you can give it three-pager. Basically, you can give it any types of directions here, and it's any types of directions here, and it's any types of directions here, and it's going to make those changes. So, now going to make those changes. So, now going to make those changes. So, now that's done, and we can actually scroll that's done, and we can actually scroll that's done, and we can actually scroll through this pretty cool infographic. If through this pretty cool infographic. If through this pretty cool infographic. If you're more of a visual person, this can you're more of a visual person, this can you're more of a visual person, this can be a great way to, you know, analyze be a great way to, you know, analyze be a great way to, you know, analyze data. Of course, it summarizes it. data. Of course, it summarizes it. data. Of course, it summarizes it. There's a lot less text since it is an There's a lot less text since it is an There's a lot less text since it is an infographic. And if you like it, you can infographic. And if you like it, you can infographic. And if you like it, you can click on this button right here to share click on this button right here to share click on this button right here to share it. Of course, any changes, we can it. Of course, any changes, we can it. Of course, any changes, we can simply ask Gemini right here. And yeah, simply ask Gemini right here. And yeah, simply ask Gemini right here. And yeah, this is just a really cool use case. I this is just a really cool use case. I this is just a really cool use case. I think a lot of people don't realize how think a lot of people don't realize how think a lot of people don't realize how powerful the deep research tool is, as powerful the deep research tool is, as powerful the deep research tool is, as well as how many different things you well as how many different things you well as how many different things you can actually export using these reports. can actually export using these reports. can actually export using these reports. Now, in showing you guys deep research Now, in showing you guys deep research Now, in showing you guys deep research and creating that infographic, I and creating that infographic, I and creating that infographic, I basically showed you guys the canvas basically showed you guys the canvas basically showed you guys the canvas mode. This mode allows us to create docs mode. This mode allows us to create docs mode. This mode allows us to create docs and applications directly within Gemini. and applications directly within Gemini. and applications directly within Gemini. So, let me show you guys quickly how So, let me show you guys quickly how So, let me show you guys quickly how this works. Okay, create a basic Tetris this works. Okay, create a basic Tetris this works. Okay, create a basic Tetris game. It's going to begin coding this game. It's going to begin coding this game. It's going to begin coding this game for us. And of course, we can game for us. And of course, we can game for us. And of course, we can change the colors, we can change the change the colors, we can change the change the colors, we can change the you can see, we have this playable game you can see, we have this playable game you can see, we have this playable game right here. Obviously, I'm not playing right here. Obviously, I'm not playing right here. Obviously, I'm not playing correctly, but very cool, right? So, correctly, but very cool, right? So, correctly, but very cool, right? So, with this canvas mode, you can basically with this canvas mode, you can basically with this canvas mode, you can basically create anything you want in terms of create anything you want in terms of create anything you want in terms of like document, infographic, a web page, like document, infographic, a web page, like document, infographic, a web page, game, an application. Gemini can code game, an application. Gemini can code game, an application. Gemini can code all this for you and it's completely all this for you and it's completely all this for you and it's completely free. The next thing I want to show you free. The next thing I want to show you free. The next thing I want to show you guys is the image mode. So, basically guys is the image mode. So, basically guys is the image mode. So, basically what we can do is we can generate images what we can do is we can generate images what we can do is we can generate images using imagining. So, if we click on this using imagining. So, if we click on this using imagining. So, if we click on this right here, we can say something like right here, we can say something like right here, we can say something like this. So create a picture of an iPhone this. So create a picture of an iPhone this. So create a picture of an iPhone 16 Pro on a picnic table that is on the 16 Pro on a picnic table that is on the 16 Pro on a picnic table that is on the beach. Make it during sunset beach. Make it during sunset beach. Make it during sunset hyperrealistic. So let's go ahead and hyperrealistic. So let's go ahead and hyperrealistic. So let's go ahead and create that. I love how all the stuff is create that. I love how all the stuff is create that. I love how all the stuff is just directly in one spot. So you don't just directly in one spot. So you don't just directly in one spot. So you don't need to go to separate applications. need to go to separate applications. need to go to separate applications. That's one thing I love about Gemini. That's one thing I love about Gemini. That's one thing I love about Gemini. All right, cool. So it's generated this All right, cool. So it's generated this All right, cool. So it's generated this image right here. So we click on it. image right here. So we click on it. image right here. So we click on it. That is the larger size and we can That is the larger size and we can That is the larger size and we can download it right here. It's done a download it right here. It's done a download it right here. It's done a pretty good job. Of course, I didn't pretty good job. Of course, I didn't pretty good job. Of course, I didn't give it as many instructions as I give it as many instructions as I give it as many instructions as I probably should have. So, if you want to probably should have. So, if you want to probably should have. So, if you want to change the layout of the phone, if you change the layout of the phone, if you change the layout of the phone, if you want it facing the other way, the more want it facing the other way, the more want it facing the other way, the more specific you are with your prompts for specific you are with your prompts for specific you are with your prompts for image generation, the better the image. image generation, the better the image. image generation, the better the image. But overall, I think this is a really But overall, I think this is a really But overall, I think this is a really cool start. Now, if you've noticed this cool start. Now, if you've noticed this cool start. Now, if you've noticed this plus button right here, we can use this plus button right here, we can use this plus button right here, we can use this button to add files. Gemini can actually button to add files. Gemini can actually button to add files. Gemini can actually see different images and videos. So, see different images and videos. So, see different images and videos. So, that's really cool. And we can actually that's really cool. And we can actually that's really cool. And we can actually upload images and have it be able to upload images and have it be able to upload images and have it be able to interpret what is in that image. So, if interpret what is in that image. So, if interpret what is in that image. So, if I click on this button, I can actually I click on this button, I can actually I click on this button, I can actually upload files directly from my computer upload files directly from my computer upload files directly from my computer or I can add directly from my drive. or I can add directly from my drive. or I can add directly from my drive. Really quickly before I do this, I want Really quickly before I do this, I want Really quickly before I do this, I want to make sure you guys have your settings to make sure you guys have your settings to make sure you guys have your settings correct. So come here to settings and correct. So come here to settings and correct. So come here to settings and help. Go to apps right here and make help. Go to apps right here and make help. Go to apps right here and make sure that this is turned on. So if you sure that this is turned on. So if you sure that this is turned on. So if you have Google Workspace turned on, it's have Google Workspace turned on, it's have Google Workspace turned on, it's going to connect to your Gmail, your going to connect to your Gmail, your going to connect to your Gmail, your calendar, Google Docs, Google Sheets, calendar, Google Docs, Google Sheets, calendar, Google Docs, Google Sheets, Google Drive. And that really is the Google Drive. And that really is the Google Drive. And that really is the beauty of Gemini because of that beauty of Gemini because of that beauty of Gemini because of that seamless integration with all of your seamless integration with all of your seamless integration with all of your Google Workspace. You can also toggle on Google Workspace. You can also toggle on Google Workspace. You can also toggle on and off these other things here like and off these other things here like and off these other things here like Google Flights, Google Hotels, Google Google Flights, Google Hotels, Google Google Flights, Google Hotels, Google Maps. There's also YouTube and YouTube Maps. There's also YouTube and YouTube Maps. There's also YouTube and YouTube Music. This app right here is actually Music. This app right here is actually Music. This app right here is actually really cool because you can put a link really cool because you can put a link really cool because you can put a link to a YouTube video and have it to a YouTube video and have it to a YouTube video and have it summarized extremely well. We'll come summarized extremely well. We'll come summarized extremely well. We'll come back to this really quickly. Let me go back to this really quickly. Let me go back to this really quickly. Let me go back to that chat we had. So, I'm going back to that chat we had. So, I'm going back to that chat we had. So, I'm going to upload a salary guide for one of my to upload a salary guide for one of my to upload a salary guide for one of my companies. It's an overseas recruiting companies. It's an overseas recruiting companies. It's an overseas recruiting company called Paired. It's basically company called Paired. It's basically company called Paired. It's basically our salary guide going over different our salary guide going over different our salary guide going over different salaries for different countries. And I salaries for different countries. And I salaries for different countries. And I can ask Gemini anything about this PDF. can ask Gemini anything about this PDF. can ask Gemini anything about this PDF. So, this is a multi-page PDF with quite So, this is a multi-page PDF with quite So, this is a multi-page PDF with quite a bit of text. So, I can say something a bit of text. So, I can say something a bit of text. So, I can say something like this. Summarize this PDF into 10 like this. Summarize this PDF into 10 like this. Summarize this PDF into 10 main bullet points. So, it's going to main bullet points. So, it's going to main bullet points. So, it's going to actually read that PDF. And here is the actually read that PDF. And here is the actually read that PDF. And here is the summary that it's giving us. So, looking summary that it's giving us. So, looking summary that it's giving us. So, looking through this, yes, this looks completely through this, yes, this looks completely through this, yes, this looks completely accurate. We can also upload this image accurate. We can also upload this image accurate. We can also upload this image of a car. And we can ask it a really of a car. And we can ask it a really of a car. And we can ask it a really basic question. And it's not perfectly basic question. And it's not perfectly basic question. And it's not perfectly correct. It's not the Aventador SVJ, correct. It's not the Aventador SVJ, correct. It's not the Aventador SVJ, it's the Aventador SV, but that's okay it's the Aventador SV, but that's okay it's the Aventador SV, but that's okay cuz the cars look basically the same. cuz the cars look basically the same. cuz the cars look basically the same. You guys get the point. Gemini can You guys get the point. Gemini can You guys get the point. Gemini can basically see anything you want it to basically see anything you want it to basically see anything you want it to see. So, you can just add a file. It can see. So, you can just add a file. It can see. So, you can just add a file. It can be a PDF. It can be an image. It can be be a PDF. It can be an image. It can be be a PDF. It can be an image. It can be a video and ask Gemini anything about a video and ask Gemini anything about a video and ask Gemini anything about it. You can even have it test you based it. You can even have it test you based it. You can even have it test you based on whatever you inputed. Right? So that on whatever you inputed. Right? So that on whatever you inputed. Right? So that PDF I put before, I could have it PDF I put before, I could have it PDF I put before, I could have it generate a five question quiz and quiz generate a five question quiz and quiz generate a five question quiz and quiz me on the information. Now, if you want me on the information. Now, if you want me on the information. Now, if you want to directly use a Google app within to directly use a Google app within to directly use a Google app within Gemini, what you'll do is type in at and Gemini, what you'll do is type in at and Gemini, what you'll do is type in at and then we'll go ahead and find what we're then we'll go ahead and find what we're then we'll go ahead and find what we're trying to use. So Google flights, we'll trying to use. So Google flights, we'll trying to use. So Google flights, we'll paste our question. So show me flights paste our question. So show me flights paste our question. So show me flights to Tokyo from LEX for December 17, 2025. to Tokyo from LEX for December 17, 2025. to Tokyo from LEX for December 17, 2025. That's going to go directly to Google That's going to go directly to Google That's going to go directly to Google flights and create this answer for us. flights and create this answer for us. flights and create this answer for us. So you can see these are the different So you can see these are the different So you can see these are the different airlines, these are the prices, and it airlines, these are the prices, and it airlines, these are the prices, and it also shows us how long the flight is. We also shows us how long the flight is. We also shows us how long the flight is. We also have this right here. So we can also have this right here. So we can also have this right here. So we can directly click on this, and it's going directly click on this, and it's going directly click on this, and it's going to take us to Google flights. That to take us to Google flights. That to take us to Google flights. That search is already pre-entered, which is search is already pre-entered, which is search is already pre-entered, which is pretty cool. And we can directly book pretty cool. And we can directly book pretty cool. And we can directly book the flights here. Let me also show you the flights here. Let me also show you the flights here. Let me also show you guys YouTube. So if I click on YouTube, guys YouTube. So if I click on YouTube, guys YouTube. So if I click on YouTube, you don't need to do this, but I just you don't need to do this, but I just you don't need to do this, but I just like to do it sometimes. Watch this like to do it sometimes. Watch this like to do it sometimes. Watch this video. Give me five main takeaways. So video. Give me five main takeaways. So video. Give me five main takeaways. So this is a video that I made on my this is a video that I made on my this is a video that I made on my channel. It's a tutorial on go high channel. It's a tutorial on go high channel. It's a tutorial on go high level. As you can see, it's going to level. As you can see, it's going to level. As you can see, it's going to connect to YouTube. It's actually going connect to YouTube. It's actually going connect to YouTube. It's actually going to watch the video and it's going to to watch the video and it's going to to watch the video and it's going to give us our five main takeaways. It's give us our five main takeaways. It's give us our five main takeaways. It's also going to give time codes which is also going to give time codes which is also going to give time codes which is pretty cool. So if you want summaries of pretty cool. So if you want summaries of pretty cool. So if you want summaries of YouTube videos, this is a fantastic way YouTube videos, this is a fantastic way YouTube videos, this is a fantastic way to do it. Okay, so now I want to show to do it. Okay, so now I want to show to do it. Okay, so now I want to show you guys gems. This is really cool. This you guys gems. This is really cool. This you guys gems. This is really cool. This is similar to basically projects and is similar to basically projects and is similar to basically projects and custom GPTs in chat GBT. But if you're custom GPTs in chat GBT. But if you're custom GPTs in chat GBT. But if you're not too familiar with that, it's not too familiar with that, it's not too familiar with that, it's basically like different specific tools basically like different specific tools basically like different specific tools with very specific instructions. So with very specific instructions. So with very specific instructions. So there are pre-made gems that we can there are pre-made gems that we can there are pre-made gems that we can instantly start to use. For example, we instantly start to use. For example, we instantly start to use. For example, we can actually play chess with a language can actually play chess with a language can actually play chess with a language model right here. There's a model right here. There's a model right here. There's a brainstormer, there's a career guide, brainstormer, there's a career guide, brainstormer, there's a career guide, there's more as well. So, learning there's more as well. So, learning there's more as well. So, learning coach, right? Writing editor, coding coach, right? Writing editor, coding coach, right? Writing editor, coding partner. But if you want to create your partner. But if you want to create your partner. But if you want to create your own gem, you can actually do that quite own gem, you can actually do that quite own gem, you can actually do that quite easily. So, here you can see it says easily. So, here you can see it says easily. So, here you can see it says gems are basically custom versions of gems are basically custom versions of gems are basically custom versions of Gemini that give you tailored responses. Gemini that give you tailored responses. Gemini that give you tailored responses. And essentially, we can customize these And essentially, we can customize these And essentially, we can customize these gems to our liking with very specific gems to our liking with very specific gems to our liking with very specific instructions and data. So, let me show instructions and data. So, let me show instructions and data. So, let me show you real quick. If you click on plus new you real quick. If you click on plus new you real quick. If you click on plus new gem right here, we're going to give it a gem right here, we're going to give it a gem right here, we're going to give it a name. So, I'm going to do something like name. So, I'm going to do something like name. So, I'm going to do something like YouTube title generator. For YouTube title generator. For YouTube title generator. For instructions, you can see you want to instructions, you can see you want to instructions, you can see you want to give it its main objectives. And you can give it its main objectives. And you can give it its main objectives. And you can also say what type of response you want, also say what type of response you want, also say what type of response you want, like the style. And if you're lazy, you like the style. And if you're lazy, you like the style. And if you're lazy, you can actually write something pretty can actually write something pretty can actually write something pretty simple and come here. This is going to simple and come here. This is going to simple and come here. This is going to allow us to use Gemini to rewrite the allow us to use Gemini to rewrite the allow us to use Gemini to rewrite the instructions in a better way. So, we'll instructions in a better way. So, we'll instructions in a better way. So, we'll click on that. Cool. So, this looks click on that. Cool. So, this looks click on that. Cool. So, this looks pretty good. If I want to give it pretty good. If I want to give it pretty good. If I want to give it specific knowledge, I can actually add specific knowledge, I can actually add specific knowledge, I can actually add files directly here for Gemini to files directly here for Gemini to files directly here for Gemini to reference. And as you can see, you can reference. And as you can see, you can reference. And as you can see, you can add up to 10 different files to your add up to 10 different files to your add up to 10 different files to your gem. But for now, I'm not going to add gem. But for now, I'm not going to add gem. But for now, I'm not going to add anything right here. And here is a anything right here. And here is a anything right here. And here is a preview. So, if I ask it, give me titles preview. So, if I ask it, give me titles preview. So, if I ask it, give me titles for a video about Google Gemini. So, for a video about Google Gemini. So, for a video about Google Gemini. So, it's actually asking me a few questions it's actually asking me a few questions it's actually asking me a few questions before it gives me answers. So, let's before it gives me answers. So, let's before it gives me answers. So, let's say beginners, let's make it casual and say beginners, let's make it casual and say beginners, let's make it casual and any keywords. Let's do tutorial any keywords. Let's do tutorial any keywords. Let's do tutorial complete. Okay, so now it's going to complete. Okay, so now it's going to complete. Okay, so now it's going to give us a bunch of different titles that give us a bunch of different titles that give us a bunch of different titles that we can use for this specific video. And we can use for this specific video. And we can use for this specific video. And yeah, these are actually really, really yeah, these are actually really, really yeah, these are actually really, really good. So, once we're done with this, good. So, once we're done with this, good. So, once we're done with this, we'll click on save. It's going to save we'll click on save. It's going to save we'll click on save. It's going to save this gem for us to reference and use this gem for us to reference and use this gem for us to reference and use whenever we want. So, if you come here whenever we want. So, if you come here whenever we want. So, if you come here to the sidebar, it's now going to show to the sidebar, it's now going to show to the sidebar, it's now going to show up here under gems, and you can create up here under gems, and you can create up here under gems, and you can create multiple gems and have them all right multiple gems and have them all right multiple gems and have them all right here. Now, one of my favorite ways to here. Now, one of my favorite ways to here. Now, one of my favorite ways to use Gemini is actually on the go, and use Gemini is actually on the go, and use Gemini is actually on the go, and it's using my phone. So, you guys it's using my phone. So, you guys it's using my phone. So, you guys download the Gemini app. It's really download the Gemini app. It's really download the Gemini app. It's really easy to use. So, I have it pulled up easy to use. So, I have it pulled up easy to use. So, I have it pulled up right here. And as you can see, you have right here. And as you can see, you have right here. And as you can see, you have the same features. You have research the same features. You have research the same features. You have research mode, you have canvas mode, we can add mode, you have canvas mode, we can add mode, you have canvas mode, we can add files if we want, and you can use Gemini files if we want, and you can use Gemini files if we want, and you can use Gemini exactly on your phone as you would on exactly on your phone as you would on exactly on your phone as you would on your computer. Now, I really like to your computer. Now, I really like to your computer. Now, I really like to just talk Gemini. So, what you'll do is just talk Gemini. So, what you'll do is just talk Gemini. So, what you'll do is you'll click on this button right here you'll click on this button right here you'll click on this button right here and it's going to open up Gemini Live. and it's going to open up Gemini Live. and it's going to open up Gemini Live. With Gemini Live, it's basically like With Gemini Live, it's basically like With Gemini Live, it's basically like having a conversation with someone. So, having a conversation with someone. So, having a conversation with someone. So, let me show you guys for example. So, I let me show you guys for example. So, I let me show you guys for example. So, I have a presentation coming up tomorrow. have a presentation coming up tomorrow. have a presentation coming up tomorrow. Can you tell me three ways to de-stress Can you tell me three ways to de-stress Can you tell me three ways to de-stress before my presentation and keep it under before my presentation and keep it under before my presentation and keep it under 15 seconds? Sure thing. First, try some 15 seconds? Sure thing. First, try some 15 seconds? Sure thing. First, try some deep breathing. Inhale slowly for a deep breathing. Inhale slowly for a deep breathing. Inhale slowly for a count of four, hold for four, and exhale count of four, hold for four, and exhale count of four, hold for four, and exhale for four. Do this a few times to for four. Do this a few times to for four. Do this a few times to regulate your heart rate. Second, regulate your heart rate. Second, regulate your heart rate. Second, visualize success. Imagine yourself visualize success. Imagine yourself visualize success. Imagine yourself giving a great speech, confident, clear, giving a great speech, confident, clear, giving a great speech, confident, clear, and engaging. This can boost your self and engaging. This can boost your self and engaging. This can boost your self assurance. Finally, use positive selft assurance. Finally, use positive selft assurance. Finally, use positive selft talk. Remind yourself of your strengths talk. Remind yourself of your strengths talk. Remind yourself of your strengths and preparation. Instead of I'm so and preparation. Instead of I'm so and preparation. Instead of I'm so nervous, try I'm wellprepared and ready nervous, try I'm wellprepared and ready nervous, try I'm wellprepared and ready to share my ideas. So, once you get out to share my ideas. So, once you get out to share my ideas. So, once you get out of Gemini Live mode, it actually has the of Gemini Live mode, it actually has the of Gemini Live mode, it actually has the whole conversation in text, which is whole conversation in text, which is whole conversation in text, which is pretty cool. And so, if you forgot what pretty cool. And so, if you forgot what pretty cool. And so, if you forgot what it said, you can always reference it it said, you can always reference it it said, you can always reference it right here. Yeah, Gemini Live is really right here. Yeah, Gemini Live is really right here. Yeah, Gemini Live is really advanced. I love how it sounds. It feels advanced. I love how it sounds. It feels advanced. I love how it sounds. It feels actually really natural, like you're actually really natural, like you're actually really natural, like you're talking to someone. The real-time voice talking to someone. The real-time voice talking to someone. The real-time voice capabilities of AI are just getting capabilities of AI are just getting capabilities of AI are just getting extremely good. So, now I want to take extremely good. So, now I want to take extremely good. So, now I want to take you guys through some of the features of you guys through some of the features of you guys through some of the features of the paid plan. And so, if you come up the paid plan. And so, if you come up the paid plan. And so, if you come up here to upgrade, I'm going to upgrade here to upgrade, I'm going to upgrade here to upgrade, I'm going to upgrade this account just to show you some of this account just to show you some of this account just to show you some of the cool features. And they usually have the cool features. And they usually have the cool features. And they usually have some type of promo. So, for example, you some type of promo. So, for example, you some type of promo. So, for example, you can see it's free for the first month. can see it's free for the first month. can see it's free for the first month. So, it's going to show us some of the So, it's going to show us some of the So, it's going to show us some of the things we get with this plan. So, we can things we get with this plan. So, we can things we get with this plan. So, we can actually create really high videos with actually create really high videos with actually create really high videos with V3. And it's essentially a Google 1 V3. And it's essentially a Google 1 V3. And it's essentially a Google 1 subscription. So you also get access to subscription. So you also get access to subscription. So you also get access to Flow, Whisk, and Notebook LM. And if you Flow, Whisk, and Notebook LM. And if you Flow, Whisk, and Notebook LM. And if you want to use Gemini within your emails or want to use Gemini within your emails or want to use Gemini within your emails or your docs, this allows you to do that. your docs, this allows you to do that. your docs, this allows you to do that. And you also get 2 TB of total storage. And you also get 2 TB of total storage. And you also get 2 TB of total storage. So it's actually a pretty solid deal. So it's actually a pretty solid deal. So it's actually a pretty solid deal. Cool. So now I have a pro subscription. Cool. So now I have a pro subscription. Cool. So now I have a pro subscription. And as you can see, we now have this And as you can see, we now have this And as you can see, we now have this video button right here that allows us video button right here that allows us video button right here that allows us to generate videos. So if I click on to generate videos. So if I click on to generate videos. So if I click on this button right here, we're going to this button right here, we're going to this button right here, we're going to be able to describe our video. So I said be able to describe our video. So I said be able to describe our video. So I said a cute panda on a mountain, a cute panda on a mountain, a cute panda on a mountain, hyperrealistic, and the panda is eating hyperrealistic, and the panda is eating hyperrealistic, and the panda is eating something. It's early morning at sunrise something. It's early morning at sunrise something. It's early morning at sunrise and the scene is filmed on a camera and the scene is filmed on a camera and the scene is filmed on a camera that's on a dolly going from left to that's on a dolly going from left to that's on a dolly going from left to right. So, the more specific you are right. So, the more specific you are right. So, the more specific you are with this, the more accurate it's going with this, the more accurate it's going with this, the more accurate it's going to be. Of course, you can also add a to be. Of course, you can also add a to be. Of course, you can also add a photo. So, that's going to be able to photo. So, that's going to be able to photo. So, that's going to be able to turn that photo into a moving video. turn that photo into a moving video. turn that photo into a moving video. But, let's go ahead and try this right But, let's go ahead and try this right But, let's go ahead and try this right here. Image generation takes a lot of here. Image generation takes a lot of here. Image generation takes a lot of processing power. So, that's why it processing power. So, that's why it processing power. So, that's why it takes a few minutes even for a short takes a few minutes even for a short takes a few minutes even for a short 8-second clip like this. All right, it's 8-second clip like this. All right, it's 8-second clip like this. All right, it's done generating. Let's click on this to done generating. Let's click on this to done generating. Let's click on this to play it. So, overall, I think it's play it. So, overall, I think it's play it. So, overall, I think it's pretty cool. It doesn't really have that pretty cool. It doesn't really have that pretty cool. It doesn't really have that camera dolly effect that I was asking it camera dolly effect that I was asking it camera dolly effect that I was asking it to do, but that's okay. We can give it to do, but that's okay. We can give it to do, but that's okay. We can give it revision comments. And with this new revision comments. And with this new revision comments. And with this new video model right now, it actually video model right now, it actually video model right now, it actually generates audio, which is pretty cool. generates audio, which is pretty cool. generates audio, which is pretty cool. And if you want to download the video, And if you want to download the video, And if you want to download the video, you just come here, click on download you just come here, click on download you just come here, click on download video, and it's going to save it to your video, and it's going to save it to your video, and it's going to save it to your computer. So, as you can see, with my computer. So, as you can see, with my computer. So, as you can see, with my current plan, I can only generate two current plan, I can only generate two current plan, I can only generate two more videos today, so three total per more videos today, so three total per more videos today, so three total per day. With the really expensive plan, day. With the really expensive plan, day. With the really expensive plan, that's like 250 a month currently. You that's like 250 a month currently. You that's like 250 a month currently. You can generate a lot more videos. Now, if can generate a lot more videos. Now, if can generate a lot more videos. Now, if I go to Gmail, which I assume most of I go to Gmail, which I assume most of I go to Gmail, which I assume most of you use, we now have Gemini capabilities you use, we now have Gemini capabilities you use, we now have Gemini capabilities baked into it. So, as you can see, if I baked into it. So, as you can see, if I baked into it. So, as you can see, if I come here to draft an email, I can click come here to draft an email, I can click come here to draft an email, I can click on this button right here. I can write on this button right here. I can write on this button right here. I can write some type of prompt. All right. So, some type of prompt. All right. So, some type of prompt. All right. So, we'll do something like this. We'll we'll do something like this. We'll we'll do something like this. We'll click on create. So, it's generated this click on create. So, it's generated this click on create. So, it's generated this for us. I'm going to actually click on for us. I'm going to actually click on for us. I'm going to actually click on refine. I'm going to click on elaborate. refine. I'm going to click on elaborate. refine. I'm going to click on elaborate. And it's actually going to make it even And it's actually going to make it even And it's actually going to make it even longer, right? So, we can easily change longer, right? So, we can easily change longer, right? So, we can easily change the output. And yeah, this is looking the output. And yeah, this is looking the output. And yeah, this is looking pretty good. I'm going to click on pretty good. I'm going to click on pretty good. I'm going to click on insert. And now I'll be able to send insert. And now I'll be able to send insert. And now I'll be able to send this email. You can also see our gems this email. You can also see our gems this email. You can also see our gems show up on this sidebar right here. And show up on this sidebar right here. And show up on this sidebar right here. And to get the sidebar, all you have to do to get the sidebar, all you have to do to get the sidebar, all you have to do is click on this button right here. is click on this button right here. is click on this button right here. Gemini also has access to our emails. Gemini also has access to our emails. Gemini also has access to our emails. So, we can ask it questions about a So, we can ask it questions about a So, we can ask it questions about a certain email thread. Here's a bunch of certain email thread. Here's a bunch of certain email thread. Here's a bunch of other stuff that it can do, right? It other stuff that it can do, right? It other stuff that it can do, right? It can draft emails. It can suggest can draft emails. It can suggest can draft emails. It can suggest responses. It can summarize entire email responses. It can summarize entire email responses. It can summarize entire email threads. You can find information. You threads. You can find information. You threads. You can find information. You have the calendar integration, so it have the calendar integration, so it have the calendar integration, so it knows when you are available, so it can knows when you are available, so it can knows when you are available, so it can schedule things for you. Yeah, super schedule things for you. Yeah, super schedule things for you. Yeah, super super cool. If I also go to docs, click super cool. If I also go to docs, click super cool. If I also go to docs, click on blank documents, we can now use on blank documents, we can now use on blank documents, we can now use Gemini to basically generate a document Gemini to basically generate a document Gemini to basically generate a document for me, help us write. For example, if I for me, help us write. For example, if I for me, help us write. For example, if I click on this, let's just choose this click on this, let's just choose this click on this, let's just choose this one to show it. We want a playing one to show it. We want a playing one to show it. We want a playing document to launch this thing, a drink document to launch this thing, a drink document to launch this thing, a drink at our coffee shop. Let's click on at our coffee shop. Let's click on at our coffee shop. Let's click on create. Now, like I said earlier, one of create. Now, like I said earlier, one of create. Now, like I said earlier, one of the really great advantages of Gemini is the really great advantages of Gemini is the really great advantages of Gemini is that it is so baked into the whole that it is so baked into the whole that it is so baked into the whole Google ecosystem. And many of you guys Google ecosystem. And many of you guys Google ecosystem. And many of you guys watching this video probably use Gmail, watching this video probably use Gmail, watching this video probably use Gmail, Google Docs extensively. So, if you want Google Docs extensively. So, if you want Google Docs extensively. So, if you want to have AI capabilities directly within to have AI capabilities directly within to have AI capabilities directly within these apps, and this is probably going these apps, and this is probably going these apps, and this is probably going to be the most practical use of Gemini. to be the most practical use of Gemini. to be the most practical use of Gemini. Cool. So, it's generated this whole Cool. So, it's generated this whole Cool. So, it's generated this whole document for us, which is pretty neat. document for us, which is pretty neat. document for us, which is pretty neat. And yeah, this can save you guys a ton And yeah, this can save you guys a ton And yeah, this can save you guys a ton of time. You also have similar of time. You also have similar of time. You also have similar functionality within Google Sheets. And functionality within Google Sheets. And functionality within Google Sheets. And so, yeah, this is definitely one of the so, yeah, this is definitely one of the so, yeah, this is definitely one of the cool features about that pro plan. The cool features about that pro plan. The cool features about that pro plan. The pro plan also allows us to schedule pro plan also allows us to schedule pro plan also allows us to schedule different things. So, I can do something different things. So, I can do something different things. So, I can do something like this. Schedule a daily notice at like this. Schedule a daily notice at like this. Schedule a daily notice at 11:00 a.m. PST. That includes three top 11:00 a.m. PST. That includes three top 11:00 a.m. PST. That includes three top moving stocks for the day. So, as you moving stocks for the day. So, as you moving stocks for the day. So, as you can see, it's scheduled this and I can can see, it's scheduled this and I can can see, it's scheduled this and I can pause it at any time or edit this. So, pause it at any time or edit this. So, pause it at any time or edit this. So, definitely take advantage of this if you definitely take advantage of this if you definitely take advantage of this if you do have the paid plan. So, we've do have the paid plan. So, we've do have the paid plan. So, we've basically covered the most essential basically covered the most essential basically covered the most essential features and use cases for Google features and use cases for Google features and use cases for Google Gemini. As you guys can see, there is so Gemini. As you guys can see, there is so Gemini. As you guys can see, there is so much stuff you can do within Gemini. And much stuff you can do within Gemini. And much stuff you can do within Gemini. And what I encourage you to do is actually what I encourage you to do is actually what I encourage you to do is actually go out there and use these features go out there and use these features go out there and use these features yourself cuz that is the best way to yourself cuz that is the best way to yourself cuz that is the best way to actually learn them. Yes, watching this actually learn them. Yes, watching this actually learn them. Yes, watching this video is going to help you have a better video is going to help you have a better video is going to help you have a better understanding. But until you actually go understanding. But until you actually go understanding. But until you actually go out there and actually use Gemini and out there and actually use Gemini and out there and actually use Gemini and put these things into practice, that's put these things into practice, that's put these things into practice, that's going to really ingrain it into your going to really ingrain it into your going to really ingrain it into your mind and allow you to use it on a mind and allow you to use it on a mind and allow you to use it on a day-to-day basis. As you can see, it's day-to-day basis. As you can see, it's day-to-day basis. As you can see, it's extremely powerful. It's a great AI tool extremely powerful. It's a great AI tool extremely powerful. It's a great AI tool that I think more people should use. And that I think more people should use. And that I think more people should use. And if you're a heavy Google user, you're if you're a heavy Google user, you're if you're a heavy Google user, you're going to love the seamless integration going to love the seamless integration going to love the seamless integration with Google Docs, with Gmail, and all with Google Docs, with Gmail, and all with Google Docs, with Gmail, and all that stuff. When properly used, Gemini that stuff. When properly used, Gemini that stuff. When properly used, Gemini can probably save you 10, 20, 30 hours can probably save you 10, 20, 30 hours can probably save you 10, 20, 30 hours per week. And so, this really is a super per week. And so, this really is a super per week. And so, this really is a super tool that more people need to know how tool that more people need to know how tool that more people need to know how to use. Hopefully, you guys got some to use. Hopefully, you guys got some to use. Hopefully, you guys got some value from this video. I know we covered value from this video. I know we covered value from this video. I know we covered a lot of different things, but feel free a lot of different things, but feel free a lot of different things, but feel free to share this video with a friend that to share this video with a friend that to share this video with a friend that also wants to learn Google Gemini. And also wants to learn Google Gemini. And also wants to learn Google Gemini. And yeah, if you got any value from this yeah, if you got any value from this yeah, if you got any value from this video, make sure to hit that like button video, make sure to hit that like button video, make sure to hit that like button and also subscribe for more videos just and also subscribe for more videos just and also subscribe for more videos just like this. I make a ton of free like this. I make a ton of free like this. I make a ton of free educational videos here on YouTube, and educational videos here on YouTube, and educational videos here on YouTube, and my whole goal is to help you live a my whole goal is to help you live a my whole goal is to help you live a productive and successful life. Thank productive and successful life. Thank productive and successful life. Thank you so much for your time, and I'll see you so much for your time, and I'll see you so much for your time, and I'll see you in the next video. Peace. [Music] [Music]
