Hey guys, what's up? My name is Ronan Hey guys, what's up? My name is Ronan Hey guys, what's up? My name is Ronan Veo and in this video I'm going to show Veo and in this video I'm going to show Veo and in this video I'm going to show you the new Copilot Studio extension for you the new Copilot Studio extension for you the new Copilot Studio extension for VS Code. It helps you to develop and VS Code. It helps you to develop and VS Code. It helps you to develop and also have a copy of the agent locally on also have a copy of the agent locally on also have a copy of the agent locally on your machine where you can change the your machine where you can change the your machine where you can change the code and after you feel ready you can code and after you feel ready you can code and after you feel ready you can publish to the cloud. So basically let's publish to the cloud. So basically let's publish to the cloud. So basically let's go to the VS Code here and I already go to the VS Code here and I already go to the VS Code here and I already have it installed but I'm going to show have it installed but I'm going to show have it installed but I'm going to show you. You can go directly here on the you. You can go directly here on the you. You can go directly here on the extension or press control shift X and extension or press control shift X and extension or press control shift X and add the extension you can just look for add the extension you can just look for add the extension you can just look for Copilot Studio. It will be showed here Copilot Studio. It will be showed here Copilot Studio. It will be showed here the first one by Microsoft. You can the first one by Microsoft. You can the first one by Microsoft. You can click on the Copilot Studio extension click on the Copilot Studio extension click on the Copilot Studio extension and install. Okay. After you install it, and install. Okay. After you install it, and install. Okay. After you install it, you will have the Copilot Studio right you will have the Copilot Studio right you will have the Copilot Studio right here at the left pane. You can click at here at the left pane. You can click at here at the left pane. You can click at the extension and you will be ready to the extension and you will be ready to the extension and you will be ready to use this tool right here. So here says use this tool right here. So here says use this tool right here. So here says that you need to clone the Asian. That's that you need to clone the Asian. That's that you need to clone the Asian. That's exactly what is going to happen. We're exactly what is going to happen. We're exactly what is going to happen. We're going to clone the Asian from the cloud going to clone the Asian from the cloud going to clone the Asian from the cloud to our own desktop. to do that. Let's to our own desktop. to do that. Let's to our own desktop. to do that. Let's move first for the the web. I will move first for the the web. I will move first for the the web. I will access here the copilot access here the copilot access here the copilot studio.microsoft.com. studio.microsoft.com. studio.microsoft.com. I have here uh some agents. Okay. And I have here uh some agents. Okay. And I have here uh some agents. Okay. And one of the agents for example is this one of the agents for example is this one of the agents for example is this one. Uh it's a Blake agent. I think that one. Uh it's a Blake agent. I think that one. Uh it's a Blake agent. I think that I do not have knowledge or anything I do not have knowledge or anything I do not have knowledge or anything here. I I do have some knowledge here. here. I I do have some knowledge here. here. I I do have some knowledge here. But uh don't worry. What I'm going to do But uh don't worry. What I'm going to do But uh don't worry. What I'm going to do here is to clone this agent called here is to clone this agent called here is to clone this agent called agentbot to my machine where I can agentbot to my machine where I can agentbot to my machine where I can develop the code at the VS code. So develop the code at the VS code. So develop the code at the VS code. So let's go. I'm going to click here clone let's go. I'm going to click here clone let's go. I'm going to click here clone agent. It's going to be our first time. agent. It's going to be our first time. agent. It's going to be our first time. So when you click here, it will be asked So when you click here, it will be asked So when you click here, it will be asked to connect to your account. So I am to connect to your account. So I am to connect to your account. So I am already logged in. I'm going to click already logged in. I'm going to click already logged in. I'm going to click switch account so you can see that. And switch account so you can see that. And switch account so you can see that. And here is it. You click you can click sign here is it. You click you can click sign here is it. You click you can click sign in to another account and sign in into in to another account and sign in into in to another account and sign in into your account into your environment where your account into your environment where your account into your environment where will be list of all your environment and will be list of all your environment and will be list of all your environment and agents. Okay. So I'm going to log in agents. Okay. So I'm going to log in agents. Okay. So I'm going to log in here. After I click here it will show here. After I click here it will show here. After I click here it will show all the developer environment the all the developer environment the all the developer environment the default the sandbox. You're going to default the sandbox. You're going to default the sandbox. You're going to choose what environment you going to choose what environment you going to choose what environment you going to work with. I'm going to work uh on the work with. I'm going to work uh on the work with. I'm going to work uh on the default where my agent Bob is located. default where my agent Bob is located. default where my agent Bob is located. We can see the image from the agents and We can see the image from the agents and We can see the image from the agents and the names. So I'm going to select agent the names. So I'm going to select agent the names. So I'm going to select agent Bob right here. After that it will be Bob right here. After that it will be Bob right here. After that it will be prompt to you to select a folder where prompt to you to select a folder where prompt to you to select a folder where you're going to save the code of this you're going to save the code of this you're going to save the code of this agent. I'm going to select this folder agent. I'm going to select this folder agent. I'm going to select this folder right here. And it is cloning the agent right here. And it is cloning the agent right here. And it is cloning the agent in my folder at my desktop. And here is in my folder at my desktop. And here is in my folder at my desktop. And here is it. Check it out. We have folders. And it. Check it out. We have folders. And it. Check it out. We have folders. And inside these folders, we have the inside these folders, we have the inside these folders, we have the actions, the knowledge, the topics, the actions, the knowledge, the topics, the actions, the knowledge, the topics, the workflows, and the settings of the workflows, and the settings of the workflows, and the settings of the agent. That's pretty cool, right? So, agent. That's pretty cool, right? So, agent. That's pretty cool, right? So, why this is a game changer for us? What why this is a game changer for us? What why this is a game changer for us? What I can do here to earn some time? Could I can do here to earn some time? Could I can do here to earn some time? Could use the co-pilot from VS Code to help use the co-pilot from VS Code to help use the co-pilot from VS Code to help you to develop some coding here. But not you to develop some coding here. But not you to develop some coding here. But not just that, you can do it by yourself. uh just that, you can do it by yourself. uh just that, you can do it by yourself. uh changing for example topics. So let's changing for example topics. So let's changing for example topics. So let's say that I want to change a lot of say that I want to change a lot of say that I want to change a lot of topics in my engine. So here I have topics in my engine. So here I have topics in my engine. So here I have goodbye, the greeting, the start over, goodbye, the greeting, the start over, goodbye, the greeting, the start over, the thank you and the other ones that is the thank you and the other ones that is the thank you and the other ones that is set by default, right? So I can like set by default, right? So I can like set by default, right? So I can like copy one of these topics. Let's copy for copy one of these topics. Let's copy for copy one of these topics. Let's copy for example the let's add a new topic first example the let's add a new topic first example the let's add a new topic first so you can understand what I'm saying. so you can understand what I'm saying. so you can understand what I'm saying. So I'm going to create a blank topic. So I'm going to create a blank topic. So I'm going to create a blank topic. If I ask for a fruit, If I ask for a fruit, If I ask for a fruit, it will trigger this topic. And if I ask it will trigger this topic. And if I ask it will trigger this topic. And if I ask for a fruit, I will send a m send a for a fruit, I will send a m send a for a fruit, I will send a m send a message with the word banana. Right? So message with the word banana. Right? So message with the word banana. Right? So I just created this topic called ask for I just created this topic called ask for I just created this topic called ask for a fruit. Ask for a fruit. a fruit. Ask for a fruit. a fruit. Ask for a fruit. So I have this topic. I built this topic So I have this topic. I built this topic So I have this topic. I built this topic at the cloud on my agent at the cloud. at the cloud on my agent at the cloud. at the cloud on my agent at the cloud. So in my machine, right, it is not So in my machine, right, it is not So in my machine, right, it is not updated. Of course, I just created the updated. Of course, I just created the updated. Of course, I just created the topic. So I need to refresh my agent. So topic. So I need to refresh my agent. So topic. So I need to refresh my agent. So I can go here on the copilot studio and I can go here on the copilot studio and I can go here on the copilot studio and search. Okay, I can search for changes search. Okay, I can search for changes search. Okay, I can search for changes uh on the cloud and I can click here, uh on the cloud and I can click here, uh on the cloud and I can click here, get changes from compilot studio. So get changes from compilot studio. So get changes from compilot studio. So let's click here. It is running let's click here. It is running let's click here. It is running successfully completed. Getting changes. successfully completed. Getting changes. successfully completed. Getting changes. If I go back to my topics, here is it. If I go back to my topics, here is it. If I go back to my topics, here is it. My new topic was just created right My new topic was just created right My new topic was just created right here. So I can start to understand how here. So I can start to understand how here. So I can start to understand how the copilot is built in the copilot is built in the copilot is built in and it's a simple Yam file. So I can and it's a simple Yam file. So I can and it's a simple Yam file. So I can copy this topic, paste it here, change copy this topic, paste it here, change copy this topic, paste it here, change the name, ask for a object, an object the name, ask for a object, an object the name, ask for a object, an object for example. And I'm going to change for example. And I'm going to change for example. And I'm going to change Okay. I'm going to change here the name. Okay. And also I'm going to change the Okay. And also I'm going to change the Okay. And also I'm going to change the model description. If I ask for an model description. If I ask for an model description. If I ask for an object, object, object, I can I can I can answer with the word answer with the word answer with the word uh pencil. For example, I need to change uh pencil. For example, I need to change uh pencil. For example, I need to change the ID. It's a unique ID. So, I can the ID. It's a unique ID. So, I can the ID. It's a unique ID. So, I can write like an other number here or other write like an other number here or other write like an other number here or other letter here. And here's it. I have an letter here. And here's it. I have an letter here. And here's it. I have an unique ID for this action. I have a new unique ID for this action. I have a new unique ID for this action. I have a new model description. And I just built a model description. And I just built a model description. And I just built a new topic in seconds. Of course, this new topic in seconds. Of course, this new topic in seconds. Of course, this topic is pretty simple, but it's just to topic is pretty simple, but it's just to topic is pretty simple, but it's just to you to understand what you can do using you to understand what you can do using you to understand what you can do using the coding instead of going into the the coding instead of going into the the coding instead of going into the agent and writing down and clicking with agent and writing down and clicking with agent and writing down and clicking with your mouse. And of course, I can copy your mouse. And of course, I can copy your mouse. And of course, I can copy from other agent the topic and paste it from other agent the topic and paste it from other agent the topic and paste it here on this folder. And I can upload here on this folder. And I can upload here on this folder. And I can upload this new ask it for an object topic that this new ask it for an object topic that this new ask it for an object topic that I just created. So let's let's upload to I just created. So let's let's upload to I just created. So let's let's upload to the copilot checking and applying the copilot checking and applying the copilot checking and applying operation in progress. Please wait. operation in progress. Please wait. operation in progress. Please wait. Let's wait some minutes here. Not Let's wait some minutes here. Not Let's wait some minutes here. Not minutes just some seconds. And minutes just some seconds. And minutes just some seconds. And okay. Okay. Successfully completed. If I okay. Okay. Successfully completed. If I okay. Okay. Successfully completed. If I go to my agent and refresh or just click go to my agent and refresh or just click go to my agent and refresh or just click here on the topics. Uh it it is not here here on the topics. Uh it it is not here here on the topics. Uh it it is not here yet. Let me refresh the page. So I'm yet. Let me refresh the page. So I'm yet. Let me refresh the page. So I'm going to press control and R and let's going to press control and R and let's going to press control and R and let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Oops, it is see. Let's see. Let's see. Oops, it is see. Let's see. Let's see. Oops, it is here. But the name was not changed. And here. But the name was not changed. And here. But the name was not changed. And why? I forgot to change the name. So, it why? I forgot to change the name. So, it why? I forgot to change the name. So, it was my fault. I'm sorry. And here's it. was my fault. I'm sorry. And here's it. was my fault. I'm sorry. And here's it. The name of the topic is right here. So, The name of the topic is right here. So, The name of the topic is right here. So, ask it for a a ask it for a a ask it for a a Let's save it. Let's publish it again. Let's save it. Let's publish it again. Let's save it. Let's publish it again. And it is applying again. And here is And it is applying again. And here is And it is applying again. And here is it. The topic asked for an object is it. The topic asked for an object is it. The topic asked for an object is right here and the message will be the right here and the message will be the right here and the message will be the pencil. So I can test it, right? So pencil. So I can test it, right? So pencil. So I can test it, right? So let's test the bulb agent. I want a let's test the bulb agent. I want a let's test the bulb agent. I want a an object. An object an object. An object an object. An object and we're going to have the pencil and we're going to have the pencil and we're going to have the pencil answer because it's a object. I want a answer because it's a object. I want a answer because it's a object. I want a fruit fruit fruit and the answer will be of course the banana. Right? So basically you can see banana. Right? So basically you can see banana. Right? So basically you can see that it's really easy to change some that it's really easy to change some that it's really easy to change some part of the coding instead of going at part of the coding instead of going at part of the coding instead of going at the studio and we can do mass changes. the studio and we can do mass changes. the studio and we can do mass changes. We can copy topics from other agents We can copy topics from other agents We can copy topics from other agents pretty quickly and paste it here. Not pretty quickly and paste it here. Not pretty quickly and paste it here. Not just that, I'm talking a lot about just that, I'm talking a lot about just that, I'm talking a lot about topics because it's the most useful uh topics because it's the most useful uh topics because it's the most useful uh thing here. But you can change the thing here. But you can change the thing here. But you can change the knowledge, right? Uh for example, the knowledge, right? Uh for example, the knowledge, right? Uh for example, the knowledge here have an site mapped as knowledge here have an site mapped as knowledge here have an site mapped as knowledge configuration. But we can knowledge configuration. But we can knowledge configuration. But we can insert new ones here or even change the insert new ones here or even change the insert new ones here or even change the site in a simple way. Let's say that you site in a simple way. Let's say that you site in a simple way. Let's say that you have like five knowledge here. You can have like five knowledge here. You can have like five knowledge here. You can easily search and replace all of them easily search and replace all of them easily search and replace all of them and publish it again. So it's one way of and publish it again. So it's one way of and publish it again. So it's one way of do doing something cool with the do doing something cool with the do doing something cool with the knowledge. Also you have the actions knowledge. Also you have the actions knowledge. Also you have the actions that can be changed. Here I have the that can be changed. Here I have the that can be changed. Here I have the SharePoint get items. So it's really SharePoint get items. So it's really SharePoint get items. So it's really useful also to change uh about the useful also to change uh about the useful also to change uh about the actions where it's a lot of parameters actions where it's a lot of parameters actions where it's a lot of parameters like you need to to select the display like you need to to select the display like you need to to select the display name you need to select the the input name you need to select the the input name you need to select the the input parameters when is dynamically and etc. parameters when is dynamically and etc. parameters when is dynamically and etc. So it's really easy for to change here. So it's really easy for to change here. So it's really easy for to change here. I hope you guys enjoyed this video. And I hope you guys enjoyed this video. And I hope you guys enjoyed this video. And please leave down below your feedback please leave down below your feedback please leave down below your feedback about this new extension and if you about this new extension and if you about this new extension and if you already use it or will use it in the already use it or will use it in the already use it or will use it in the future. Comment the word banana at your future. Comment the word banana at your future. Comment the word banana at your feedback so I will know that you watch feedback so I will know that you watch feedback so I will know that you watch the video completed. Share this video so the video completed. Share this video so the video completed. Share this video so we can grow up the channel. Hit the we can grow up the channel. Hit the we can grow up the channel. Hit the thumbs up and thank you so much for thumbs up and thank you so much for thumbs up and thank you so much for watching. Check the links at the watching. Check the links at the watching. Check the links at the description. We have an affiliate course description. We have an affiliate course description. We have an affiliate course where you can learn more about Power where you can learn more about Power where you can learn more about Power Platform is the first link. Click and Platform is the first link. Click and Platform is the first link. Click and have a huge discount. Thank you so much have a huge discount. Thank you so much have a huge discount. Thank you so much for watching. We see you in another for watching. We see you in another for watching. We see you in another video in another class and please video in another class and please video in another class and please consider to subscribe.
