Building an AI agent seems pretty simple Building an AI agent seems pretty simple Building an AI agent seems pretty simple on paper, but as soon as you try to on paper, but as soon as you try to on paper, but as soon as you try to deploy it, use it in a real-world deploy it, use it in a real-world deploy it, use it in a real-world scenario, or hand it off to someone like scenario, or hand it off to someone like scenario, or hand it off to someone like a client, it becomes a lot more a client, it becomes a lot more a client, it becomes a lot more difficult. Now, the reason for that is difficult. Now, the reason for that is difficult. Now, the reason for that is that when you actually use an AI agent that when you actually use an AI agent that when you actually use an AI agent in the real world, you need three in the real world, you need three in the real world, you need three things. Now, that's connectivity, things. Now, that's connectivity, things. Now, that's connectivity, context, and control. You need to context, and control. You need to context, and control. You need to connect to various different data connect to various different data connect to various different data sources, and ideally, you don't have to sources, and ideally, you don't have to sources, and ideally, you don't have to set up, you know, 100 different set up, you know, 100 different set up, you know, 100 different connections. You need to control the connections. You need to control the connections. You need to control the context that the AI agent has access to, context that the AI agent has access to, context that the AI agent has access to, and then most importantly, you need and then most importantly, you need and then most importantly, you need security and control. Who can use the AI security and control. Who can use the AI security and control. Who can use the AI agent? What data do different users have agent? What data do different users have agent? What data do different users have access to? And how do you have access to? And how do you have access to? And how do you have role-based access control based on the role-based access control based on the role-based access control based on the different privileges of people in your different privileges of people in your different privileges of people in your organization that might be using the organization that might be using the organization that might be using the agent? Now, in this video, I'm going to agent? Now, in this video, I'm going to agent? Now, in this video, I'm going to show you how to fix that problem and the show you how to fix that problem and the show you how to fix that problem and the easiest way that I've found to create a easiest way that I've found to create a easiest way that I've found to create a production-ready AI agent that covers production-ready AI agent that covers production-ready AI agent that covers all three of these areas: connectivity, all three of these areas: connectivity, all three of these areas: connectivity, context, and control. We're going to context, and control. We're going to context, and control. We're going to build an AI agent that can connect to build an AI agent that can connect to build an AI agent that can connect to pretty much unlimited number of data pretty much unlimited number of data pretty much unlimited number of data sources through one unified platform. sources through one unified platform. sources through one unified platform. And then I'm going to show you how to And then I'm going to show you how to And then I'm going to show you how to use the AI agent from different tools use the AI agent from different tools use the AI agent from different tools like Claude, Cursor, really any AI like Claude, Cursor, really any AI like Claude, Cursor, really any AI assistant, or to directly build it into assistant, or to directly build it into assistant, or to directly build it into your own systems using something like your own systems using something like your own systems using something like Python or any other language. With that Python or any other language. With that Python or any other language. With that said, let's get started, and let me walk said, let's get started, and let me walk said, let's get started, and let me walk you through a full tutorial on how to you through a full tutorial on how to you through a full tutorial on how to set up an AI agent that would actually set up an AI agent that would actually set up an AI agent that would actually work in production and that again covers work in production and that again covers work in production and that again covers those three areas that I discussed. those three areas that I discussed. those three areas that I discussed. Okay, so the way that I'm going to build Okay, so the way that I'm going to build Okay, so the way that I'm going to build this AI agent here and accomplish those this AI agent here and accomplish those this AI agent here and accomplish those tasks that I talked to you about is tasks that I talked to you about is tasks that I talked to you about is using a platform called CData, and using a platform called CData, and using a platform called CData, and specifically their Connect AI platform. specifically their Connect AI platform. specifically their Connect AI platform. Now, what this allows us to do is Now, what this allows us to do is Now, what this allows us to do is effectively connect an unlimited number effectively connect an unlimited number effectively connect an unlimited number of data sources through one unified of data sources through one unified of data sources through one unified platform. So, rather than me having to platform. So, rather than me having to platform. So, rather than me having to go to Claude and connect to like, you go to Claude and connect to like, you go to Claude and connect to like, you know, 100 different sources like, okay, know, 100 different sources like, okay, know, 100 different sources like, okay, MongoDB, okay, I want Google Drive, MongoDB, okay, I want Google Drive, MongoDB, okay, I want Google Drive, okay, I want this, okay, I want that, we okay, I want this, okay, I want that, we okay, I want this, okay, I want that, we can connect everything by default in can connect everything by default in can connect everything by default in Connect AI, then we just connect Connect Connect AI, then we just connect Connect Connect AI, then we just connect Connect AI to the LLM or to whatever AI tool AI to the LLM or to whatever AI tool AI to the LLM or to whatever AI tool that we're using, and it's just one that we're using, and it's just one that we're using, and it's just one sign-in, one authentication, one sign-in, one authentication, one sign-in, one authentication, one platform, in this case one MCP server, platform, in this case one MCP server, platform, in this case one MCP server, that makes it a lot simpler. Now, that makes it a lot simpler. Now, that makes it a lot simpler. Now, massive shout-out to CData for massive shout-out to CData for massive shout-out to CData for sponsoring this video, but don't worry, sponsoring this video, but don't worry, sponsoring this video, but don't worry, everything I'm going to show you in this everything I'm going to show you in this everything I'm going to show you in this video is free, so you can follow along, video is free, so you can follow along, video is free, so you can follow along, try it out, and see if you like it. But try it out, and see if you like it. But try it out, and see if you like it. But again, it's a very easy way to actually again, it's a very easy way to actually again, it's a very easy way to actually make these AI agents. And at the end of make these AI agents. And at the end of make these AI agents. And at the end of the video, like I said, I'll show you the video, like I said, I'll show you the video, like I said, I'll show you how to use the AI agent from an AI tool, how to use the AI agent from an AI tool, how to use the AI agent from an AI tool, as well as how to connect to it from as well as how to connect to it from as well as how to connect to it from code. Okay, so first step here, what I'm code. Okay, so first step here, what I'm code. Okay, so first step here, what I'm going to do is just press the get going to do is just press the get going to do is just press the get started for free button. I'll leave the started for free button. I'll leave the started for free button. I'll leave the link to this in the description, and link to this in the description, and link to this in the description, and then this is going to bring me to a new then this is going to bring me to a new then this is going to bring me to a new page here where I can make a new page here where I can make a new page here where I can make a new account. So, let me make the account, account. So, let me make the account, account. So, let me make the account, and then I'll be right back. Okay, so as and then I'll be right back. Okay, so as and then I'll be right back. Okay, so as you go through the account creation you go through the account creation you go through the account creation process, you'll be brought to a page process, you'll be brought to a page process, you'll be brought to a page that looks like this, where it's going that looks like this, where it's going that looks like this, where it's going to ask you some different sources that to ask you some different sources that to ask you some different sources that you want to connect. Now, for this you want to connect. Now, for this you want to connect. Now, for this video, I'll just connect two sources, video, I'll just connect two sources, video, I'll just connect two sources, but obviously you can connect as many as but obviously you can connect as many as but obviously you can connect as many as you want. And in my case, I'm going to you want. And in my case, I'm going to you want. And in my case, I'm going to connect QuickBooks, and I'm going to connect QuickBooks, and I'm going to connect QuickBooks, and I'm going to connect MongoDB. So, I'm just going to connect MongoDB. So, I'm just going to connect MongoDB. So, I'm just going to select QuickBooks here, so just select select QuickBooks here, so just select select QuickBooks here, so just select that there, and then I'm also going to that there, and then I'm also going to that there, and then I'm also going to select MongoDB, but you'll see that select MongoDB, but you'll see that select MongoDB, but you'll see that there are literally hundreds of other there are literally hundreds of other there are literally hundreds of other things that you can connect, and you can things that you can connect, and you can things that you can connect, and you can also connect them later, so you don't also connect them later, so you don't also connect them later, so you don't need to fill it all out right here. Then need to fill it all out right here. Then need to fill it all out right here. Then what I'm going to do is go to the right what I'm going to do is go to the right what I'm going to do is go to the right side here and click on what it is that I side here and click on what it is that I side here and click on what it is that I actually want to integrate this tool actually want to integrate this tool actually want to integrate this tool with. So, in this case, I want Claude. with. So, in this case, I want Claude. with. So, in this case, I want Claude. So, I'm going to go to Claude AI, you So, I'm going to go to Claude AI, you So, I'm going to go to Claude AI, you can also connect Claude code, and I want can also connect Claude code, and I want can also connect Claude code, and I want LangChain. So, I'm just going to select LangChain. So, I'm just going to select LangChain. So, I'm just going to select LangChain. Again, you can find these LangChain. Again, you can find these LangChain. Again, you can find these afterwards, but I'm just selecting them afterwards, but I'm just selecting them afterwards, but I'm just selecting them now. And then I'm going to press on now. And then I'm going to press on now. And then I'm going to press on complete. Now, from here, I can directly complete. Now, from here, I can directly complete. Now, from here, I can directly connect the data sources, or I can just connect the data sources, or I can just connect the data sources, or I can just go directly to the dashboard, and then I go directly to the dashboard, and then I go directly to the dashboard, and then I can do that later. So, that's what I'm can do that later. So, that's what I'm can do that later. So, that's what I'm going to do right now, I'm just going to going to do right now, I'm just going to going to do right now, I'm just going to the dashboard, so I can quickly explain the dashboard, so I can quickly explain the dashboard, so I can quickly explain to you again kind of how this works, so to you again kind of how this works, so to you again kind of how this works, so you understand why we're using this you understand why we're using this you understand why we're using this before I go any further. Okay, so I just before I go any further. Okay, so I just before I go any further. Okay, so I just want you to understand what it is that want you to understand what it is that want you to understand what it is that we're actually about to do here, and why we're actually about to do here, and why we're actually about to do here, and why this is useful before we go through it, this is useful before we go through it, this is useful before we go through it, you know, and connect the data sources, you know, and connect the data sources, you know, and connect the data sources, connect it to AI, all of that kind of connect it to AI, all of that kind of connect it to AI, all of that kind of stuff. So, typically, if you want to use stuff. So, typically, if you want to use stuff. So, typically, if you want to use a lot of different data sources, or a lot of different data sources, or a lot of different data sources, or tools, or whatever, what you would need tools, or whatever, what you would need tools, or whatever, what you would need to do is connect them one by one to an to do is connect them one by one to an to do is connect them one by one to an AI tool. So, let's say I want to use AI tool. So, let's say I want to use AI tool. So, let's say I want to use Claude as my LLM, right? And I want it Claude as my LLM, right? And I want it Claude as my LLM, right? And I want it to have access to my Google Drive and my to have access to my Google Drive and my to have access to my Google Drive and my production database and my QuickBooks production database and my QuickBooks production database and my QuickBooks and my Facebook ads, I would have to and my Facebook ads, I would have to and my Facebook ads, I would have to connect those as individual sources. connect those as individual sources. connect those as individual sources. Now, when you do that, what happens is Now, when you do that, what happens is Now, when you do that, what happens is you start overwhelming the AI model with you start overwhelming the AI model with you start overwhelming the AI model with a ton of different MCP tools cuz that's a ton of different MCP tools cuz that's a ton of different MCP tools cuz that's typically how they're connected, and you typically how they're connected, and you typically how they're connected, and you end up using a lot more calls to these end up using a lot more calls to these end up using a lot more calls to these various tools, which results in more various tools, which results in more various tools, which results in more tokens and also just a little bit of tokens and also just a little bit of tokens and also just a little bit of confusion from the LLM. So, what we're confusion from the LLM. So, what we're confusion from the LLM. So, what we're going to do here is we're essentially going to do here is we're essentially going to do here is we're essentially just going to connect one tool to our just going to connect one tool to our just going to connect one tool to our LLM. Now, that tool is going to be LLM. Now, that tool is going to be LLM. Now, that tool is going to be Connect AI. So, what our LLM can do is Connect AI. So, what our LLM can do is Connect AI. So, what our LLM can do is anytime it wants any data, it can just anytime it wants any data, it can just anytime it wants any data, it can just go through Connect AI where it's all go through Connect AI where it's all go through Connect AI where it's all stored in one unified place. So, rather stored in one unified place. So, rather stored in one unified place. So, rather than going to five, six, six, seven, 10, than going to five, six, six, seven, 10, than going to five, six, six, seven, 10, 20 different platforms and being 20 different platforms and being 20 different platforms and being overwhelmed by that, it just goes to overwhelmed by that, it just goes to overwhelmed by that, it just goes to one. Now, an advantage of this is one. Now, an advantage of this is one. Now, an advantage of this is because we have all of our data in one because we have all of our data in one because we have all of our data in one place, we can actually get better place, we can actually get better place, we can actually get better semantic understanding and just better semantic understanding and just better semantic understanding and just better context feeding into the AI because in context feeding into the AI because in context feeding into the AI because in this case, what Connect AI will do is this case, what Connect AI will do is this case, what Connect AI will do is help kind of connect the dots and keep help kind of connect the dots and keep help kind of connect the dots and keep related data together. I'll show you related data together. I'll show you related data together. I'll show you what I mean later, but it allows us to what I mean later, but it allows us to what I mean later, but it allows us to also create views and kind of group also create views and kind of group also create views and kind of group specific parts of data that we want into specific parts of data that we want into specific parts of data that we want into certain sections that if the AI is certain sections that if the AI is certain sections that if the AI is trying to query data, it doesn't need to trying to query data, it doesn't need to trying to query data, it doesn't need to pull it from different tools, it just pull it from different tools, it just pull it from different tools, it just gets it from one place where it's kind gets it from one place where it's kind gets it from one place where it's kind of already connected, hence the name. of already connected, hence the name. of already connected, hence the name. Now, another advantage of this is that Now, another advantage of this is that Now, another advantage of this is that we actually get lower token cost and we actually get lower token cost and we actually get lower token cost and improved accuracy. The reason for this improved accuracy. The reason for this improved accuracy. The reason for this is that normally when you have the data is that normally when you have the data is that normally when you have the data directly connected to an LLM, it needs directly connected to an LLM, it needs directly connected to an LLM, it needs to perform all of these different to perform all of these different to perform all of these different queries. Again, it needs to pull the queries. Again, it needs to pull the queries. Again, it needs to pull the data from these different sources, and data from these different sources, and data from these different sources, and it's actually searching and querying for it's actually searching and querying for it's actually searching and querying for data as well as processing it. Now, in data as well as processing it. Now, in data as well as processing it. Now, in our case, what we're going to do by our case, what we're going to do by our case, what we're going to do by using this platform is we move the data using this platform is we move the data using this platform is we move the data processing specifically to Connect AI, processing specifically to Connect AI, processing specifically to Connect AI, which is designed to do that. So, now if which is designed to do that. So, now if which is designed to do that. So, now if the LLM wants a specific piece of data, the LLM wants a specific piece of data, the LLM wants a specific piece of data, rather than it having to query for that, rather than it having to query for that, rather than it having to query for that, it effectively goes to Connect AI, says, it effectively goes to Connect AI, says, it effectively goes to Connect AI, says, "Hey, I want this data." Connect AI then "Hey, I want this data." Connect AI then "Hey, I want this data." Connect AI then handles that data processing, fetches handles that data processing, fetches handles that data processing, fetches it, and gives it to the LLM, which it, and gives it to the LLM, which it, and gives it to the LLM, which drastically improves the token cost, but drastically improves the token cost, but drastically improves the token cost, but also improves the accuracy because it also improves the accuracy because it also improves the accuracy because it just results in getting better data. So, just results in getting better data. So, just results in getting better data. So, this allows the LLM to focus on the this allows the LLM to focus on the this allows the LLM to focus on the reasoning based on the data that it got, reasoning based on the data that it got, reasoning based on the data that it got, rather than having to focus on actually rather than having to focus on actually rather than having to focus on actually querying and finding the data, which querying and finding the data, which querying and finding the data, which again could slow it down and cost a lot again could slow it down and cost a lot again could slow it down and cost a lot of tokens. And then lastly, again, of tokens. And then lastly, again, of tokens. And then lastly, again, because all of the data is in one place, because all of the data is in one place, because all of the data is in one place, that means that you can handle all of that means that you can handle all of that means that you can handle all of the security and role-based access in the security and role-based access in the security and role-based access in one platform, so you can control who has one platform, so you can control who has one platform, so you can control who has access to what data, and it's just going access to what data, and it's just going access to what data, and it's just going through one connector. So, we don't need through one connector. So, we don't need through one connector. So, we don't need to go change the MongoDB permissions to go change the MongoDB permissions to go change the MongoDB permissions versus changing the Facebook permissions versus changing the Facebook permissions versus changing the Facebook permissions versus changing the QuickBooks versus changing the QuickBooks versus changing the QuickBooks permissions, you can just check some permissions, you can just check some permissions, you can just check some boxes, which I'm going to show you in 1 boxes, which I'm going to show you in 1 boxes, which I'm going to show you in 1 second, to determine who has access to second, to determine who has access to second, to determine who has access to what, change that at any point in the what, change that at any point in the what, change that at any point in the future, and nothing changes from the LLM future, and nothing changes from the LLM future, and nothing changes from the LLM side. It's still just viewing all of the side. It's still just viewing all of the side. It's still just viewing all of the data through one platform. Anyways, I data through one platform. Anyways, I data through one platform. Anyways, I know it's a lot of information, but I know it's a lot of information, but I know it's a lot of information, but I just want you to understand why you just want you to understand why you just want you to understand why you would even do something like this and would even do something like this and would even do something like this and the advantages that you have, because the advantages that you have, because the advantages that you have, because they're kind of hidden unless I they're kind of hidden unless I they're kind of hidden unless I explicitly mention them. Okay. So, explicitly mention them. Okay. So, explicitly mention them. Okay. So, anyways, with that said, let's start anyways, with that said, let's start anyways, with that said, let's start setting it up. I'm just going to go setting it up. I'm just going to go setting it up. I'm just going to go through the tutorial now and show you through the tutorial now and show you through the tutorial now and show you how we can create the agent. Okay, so how we can create the agent. Okay, so how we can create the agent. Okay, so once we're in Connect AI, we're going to once we're in Connect AI, we're going to once we're in Connect AI, we're going to go to our sources here, and we're just go to our sources here, and we're just go to our sources here, and we're just going to connect any data sources that going to connect any data sources that going to connect any data sources that we would want our model to have access we would want our model to have access we would want our model to have access to. Now, by default, it includes to. Now, by default, it includes to. Now, by default, it includes Postgres and MySQL. You don't need them Postgres and MySQL. You don't need them Postgres and MySQL. You don't need them for right now, but what I'm going to do for right now, but what I'm going to do for right now, but what I'm going to do is just add a connection, and let's is just add a connection, and let's is just add a connection, and let's start by going to MongoDB. Now, what I'm start by going to MongoDB. Now, what I'm start by going to MongoDB. Now, what I'm going to do is just simulate kind of going to do is just simulate kind of going to do is just simulate kind of building an agent that works on my building an agent that works on my building an agent that works on my company's data, DevLaunch, which has a company's data, DevLaunch, which has a company's data, DevLaunch, which has a bunch of student data, like attendance bunch of student data, like attendance bunch of student data, like attendance data, uh you know, roadmap data, mock data, uh you know, roadmap data, mock data, uh you know, roadmap data, mock interview data. It has like a bunch of interview data. It has like a bunch of interview data. It has like a bunch of information in the database, and a lot information in the database, and a lot information in the database, and a lot of times, I want to be able to go to my of times, I want to be able to go to my of times, I want to be able to go to my database and say, like, "Hey, who database and say, like, "Hey, who database and say, like, "Hey, who attended the last call? Hey, where is attended the last call? Hey, where is attended the last call? Hey, where is John at with his roadmap progress? You John at with his roadmap progress? You John at with his roadmap progress? You know, how many mock interviews has this know, how many mock interviews has this know, how many mock interviews has this student done?" etc., etc. So, what I'm student done?" etc., etc. So, what I'm student done?" etc., etc. So, what I'm going to do is just connect this. I'm going to do is just connect this. I'm going to do is just connect this. I'm going to say, "DevLaunch, going to say, "DevLaunch, going to say, "DevLaunch, okay, DB." And then, in order to connect okay, DB." And then, in order to connect okay, DB." And then, in order to connect MongoDB, I'm going to follow the steps MongoDB, I'm going to follow the steps MongoDB, I'm going to follow the steps on the right-hand side here, where it on the right-hand side here, where it on the right-hand side here, where it explains how this works. Now, I was able explains how this works. Now, I was able explains how this works. Now, I was able to connect to MongoDB here. Obviously, to connect to MongoDB here. Obviously, to connect to MongoDB here. Obviously, you can connect to any other source that you can connect to any other source that you can connect to any other source that you want, but in order for me to do you want, but in order for me to do you want, but in order for me to do that, I did need to add the correct IP that, I did need to add the correct IP that, I did need to add the correct IP address range so that we have that address range so that we have that address range so that we have that available in MongoDB. I had to make a available in MongoDB. I had to make a available in MongoDB. I had to make a new user, so I had a username and a new user, so I had a username and a new user, so I had a username and a password, and then I just had to fill in password, and then I just had to fill in password, and then I just had to fill in the details for the connection string the details for the connection string the details for the connection string essentially so that MongoDB could essentially so that MongoDB could essentially so that MongoDB could connect. Now, you'll see that because connect. Now, you'll see that because connect. Now, you'll see that because I've connected, I can now see my I've connected, I can now see my I've connected, I can now see my different databases like Dev Launch different databases like Dev Launch different databases like Dev Launch Discord, and I have all of the different Discord, and I have all of the different Discord, and I have all of the different tables that are inside of here. And now tables that are inside of here. And now tables that are inside of here. And now we can move on to connect my next data we can move on to connect my next data we can move on to connect my next data source, which is going to be QuickBooks. source, which is going to be QuickBooks. source, which is going to be QuickBooks. So, let's go here and let's go add So, let's go here and let's go add So, let's go here and let's go add connection, and then let's go to connection, and then let's go to connection, and then let's go to QuickBooks. Now, again, you can just QuickBooks. Now, again, you can just QuickBooks. Now, again, you can just read through here. There are literally read through here. There are literally read through here. There are literally What is it? It says 186 different What is it? It says 186 different What is it? It says 186 different connections, so it covers pretty much connections, so it covers pretty much connections, so it covers pretty much anything that you want in terms of anything that you want in terms of anything that you want in terms of connecting the source, and again, you connecting the source, and again, you connecting the source, and again, you put it all in one place. I'm not going put it all in one place. I'm not going put it all in one place. I'm not going to walk through the process of to walk through the process of to walk through the process of connecting because it depends on what connecting because it depends on what connecting because it depends on what data source you're using. Okay, so you data source you're using. Okay, so you data source you're using. Okay, so you can see that I was able to connect can see that I was able to connect can see that I was able to connect QuickBooks here. Again, I just went QuickBooks here. Again, I just went QuickBooks here. Again, I just went through and used kind of this OAuth through and used kind of this OAuth through and used kind of this OAuth setting, and now we are good to go. We setting, and now we are good to go. We setting, and now we are good to go. We have our two data sources connected. have our two data sources connected. have our two data sources connected. Now, because the data sources are Now, because the data sources are Now, because the data sources are connected, we can actually just directly connected, we can actually just directly connected, we can actually just directly start working with them by looking in start working with them by looking in start working with them by looking in the data co-pilot. So, I'm going to show the data co-pilot. So, I'm going to show the data co-pilot. So, I'm going to show you more settings in a second, but if we you more settings in a second, but if we you more settings in a second, but if we just want to see, "Okay, is this just want to see, "Okay, is this just want to see, "Okay, is this working?" what we can do is just type a working?" what we can do is just type a working?" what we can do is just type a prompt inside of here, and this is a prompt inside of here, and this is a prompt inside of here, and this is a quick way to just kind of test AI on quick way to just kind of test AI on quick way to just kind of test AI on your existing data. We can just test your existing data. We can just test your existing data. We can just test something like, "How many something like, "How many something like, "How many mock interviews were mock interviews were mock interviews were completed?" And let's just see if we can completed?" And let's just see if we can completed?" And let's just see if we can go to the table and find that go to the table and find that go to the table and find that information. Okay, so it took a second. information. Okay, so it took a second. information. Okay, so it took a second. You can see it gave me the result, which You can see it gave me the result, which You can see it gave me the result, which is 139. And then we can actually look is 139. And then we can actually look is 139. And then we can actually look through all of the queries that it through all of the queries that it through all of the queries that it executed in order to find that. Now, executed in order to find that. Now, executed in order to find that. Now, let's just do another one and say, "How let's just do another one and say, "How let's just do another one and say, "How much much much money did we spend in the last 3 months money did we spend in the last 3 months money did we spend in the last 3 months at Dev Launch?" And just see if we can at Dev Launch?" And just see if we can at Dev Launch?" And just see if we can go to QuickBooks and find that data. So, go to QuickBooks and find that data. So, go to QuickBooks and find that data. So, I just had a small hiccup cuz I actually I just had a small hiccup cuz I actually I just had a small hiccup cuz I actually was connected to the wrong Dev Launch was connected to the wrong Dev Launch was connected to the wrong Dev Launch company in QuickBooks. So, once I fixed company in QuickBooks. So, once I fixed company in QuickBooks. So, once I fixed it, and you can see it gave me some it, and you can see it gave me some it, and you can see it gave me some information here saying, you know, "Dev information here saying, you know, "Dev information here saying, you know, "Dev Launch just made a total of this amount Launch just made a total of this amount Launch just made a total of this amount of money." We'll blur some of it of money." We'll blur some of it of money." We'll blur some of it according to profit and loss detail according to profit and loss detail according to profit and loss detail report. So, you can see that it is report. So, you can see that it is report. So, you can see that it is working and now what I'm actually able working and now what I'm actually able working and now what I'm actually able to do is I can correlate data between to do is I can correlate data between to do is I can correlate data between these different sources. So, I won't do these different sources. So, I won't do these different sources. So, I won't do it right now, but I could ask a question it right now, but I could ask a question it right now, but I could ask a question like how much money have I made like how much money have I made like how much money have I made corresponding with the number of new corresponding with the number of new corresponding with the number of new students that join and we could see, you students that join and we could see, you students that join and we could see, you know, how how much for example the value know, how how much for example the value know, how how much for example the value of a new student is or how much we're of a new student is or how much we're of a new student is or how much we're spending per student or how if we have a spending per student or how if we have a spending per student or how if we have a lot of students that correlates with a lot of students that correlates with a lot of students that correlates with a lot of expenses or more income or you lot of expenses or more income or you lot of expenses or more income or you get the idea. Now, anyways, that's get the idea. Now, anyways, that's get the idea. Now, anyways, that's interesting. Of course, we can use it interesting. Of course, we can use it interesting. Of course, we can use it directly inside of Connect AI, but where directly inside of Connect AI, but where directly inside of Connect AI, but where it becomes more useful is when you it becomes more useful is when you it becomes more useful is when you actually connect it. So, you'll see this actually connect it. So, you'll see this actually connect it. So, you'll see this button right here that says connect data button right here that says connect data button right here that says connect data to AI. You also can go to integrations to AI. You also can go to integrations to AI. You also can go to integrations and I'm going to show you now how we can and I'm going to show you now how we can and I'm going to show you now how we can connect this offer to Claude so we can connect this offer to Claude so we can connect this offer to Claude so we can start using this from an external source start using this from an external source start using this from an external source and how that actually works. So, I'm and how that actually works. So, I'm and how that actually works. So, I'm just going to search for Claude here in just going to search for Claude here in just going to search for Claude here in the search bar and we'll see Claude AI. the search bar and we'll see Claude AI. the search bar and we'll see Claude AI. So, what I'm going to do is press on So, what I'm going to do is press on So, what I'm going to do is press on this and it just gives us a quick setup this and it just gives us a quick setup this and it just gives us a quick setup guide. So, we can follow this to set up guide. So, we can follow this to set up guide. So, we can follow this to set up the integration. So, I'm going to go to the integration. So, I'm going to go to the integration. So, I'm going to go to setup guide and it should show us setup guide and it should show us setup guide and it should show us exactly how to do this. And we can go exactly how to do this. And we can go exactly how to do this. And we can go over to Claude. So, let's just open it over to Claude. So, let's just open it over to Claude. So, let's just open it up. So, let's go like this and I'll show up. So, let's go like this and I'll show up. So, let's go like this and I'll show you exactly how to connect it. Again, you exactly how to connect it. Again, you exactly how to connect it. Again, you can also follow that guide that I you can also follow that guide that I you can also follow that guide that I opened up. Okay, so if you open up opened up. Okay, so if you open up opened up. Okay, so if you open up Claude, what you can do here is you can Claude, what you can do here is you can Claude, what you can do here is you can press this little plus button and you press this little plus button and you press this little plus button and you can go to connectors. Now, from can go to connectors. Now, from can go to connectors. Now, from connectors, you can go manage connectors connectors, you can go manage connectors connectors, you can go manage connectors and then you'll see I connected to this and then you'll see I connected to this and then you'll see I connected to this previously, but let's close it. Then previously, but let's close it. Then previously, but let's close it. Then what I can do is go plus and I can go what I can do is go plus and I can go what I can do is go plus and I can go browse connectors or add custom browse connectors or add custom browse connectors or add custom connector. Now, if we go browse connector. Now, if we go browse connector. Now, if we go browse connectors, you'll see that there is a connectors, you'll see that there is a connectors, you'll see that there is a bunch of options and what we can do is bunch of options and what we can do is bunch of options and what we can do is just type CData Connect AI. You're going just type CData Connect AI. You're going just type CData Connect AI. You're going to see that it shows up and then we can to see that it shows up and then we can to see that it shows up and then we can press on connect. So, when we press on press on connect. So, when we press on press on connect. So, when we press on connect here, what it's going to ask us connect here, what it's going to ask us connect here, what it's going to ask us to do is sign in in our browser tab and to do is sign in in our browser tab and to do is sign in in our browser tab and it's going to bring us now where we can it's going to bring us now where we can it's going to bring us now where we can just directly sign in with our CData just directly sign in with our CData just directly sign in with our CData account. So, I'm going to go ahead and account. So, I'm going to go ahead and account. So, I'm going to go ahead and press on accept and just wait a second press on accept and just wait a second press on accept and just wait a second here and it should authorize us back here and it should authorize us back here and it should authorize us back here in Claude. Okay, so it does bring here in Claude. Okay, so it does bring here in Claude. Okay, so it does bring us back and then from here we can go us back and then from here we can go us back and then from here we can go plus and we should be able to see in plus and we should be able to see in plus and we should be able to see in connectors that seed data is connected. connectors that seed data is connected. connectors that seed data is connected. And if we go back to manage connectors, And if we go back to manage connectors, And if we go back to manage connectors, we can see that we have all of the we can see that we have all of the we can see that we have all of the different tools here and we can manage different tools here and we can manage different tools here and we can manage what tools can be used, accepted, all of what tools can be used, accepted, all of what tools can be used, accepted, all of that kind of stuff. Now again, what that kind of stuff. Now again, what that kind of stuff. Now again, what we've done here is we've kind of moved we've done here is we've kind of moved we've done here is we've kind of moved the data layer over to connect AI and the data layer over to connect AI and the data layer over to connect AI and then when we start messaging here, we're then when we start messaging here, we're then when we start messaging here, we're able to just reason on the data using able to just reason on the data using able to just reason on the data using whatever model we want, in this case whatever model we want, in this case whatever model we want, in this case something like Opus 4.6. So let's give something like Opus 4.6. So let's give something like Opus 4.6. So let's give it a prompt something like check how it a prompt something like check how it a prompt something like check how many new students have joined Dev Launch many new students have joined Dev Launch many new students have joined Dev Launch and correlate that with the profit and and correlate that with the profit and and correlate that with the profit and loss value from last year. I don't know loss value from last year. I don't know loss value from last year. I don't know if that's going to work or if that even if that's going to work or if that even if that's going to work or if that even makes any sense, but let's just press makes any sense, but let's just press makes any sense, but let's just press enter and see if if it's able to sorry enter and see if if it's able to sorry enter and see if if it's able to sorry to give us a result here. Okay, sweet. to give us a result here. Okay, sweet. to give us a result here. Okay, sweet. So it was actually able to do this. Now So it was actually able to do this. Now So it was actually able to do this. Now I need to blur it some of this data I need to blur it some of this data I need to blur it some of this data because of course it's sensitive, but because of course it's sensitive, but because of course it's sensitive, but you can see that I kind of have a you can see that I kind of have a you can see that I kind of have a dashboard on the right side of my screen dashboard on the right side of my screen dashboard on the right side of my screen here and you'll notice that we have kind here and you'll notice that we have kind here and you'll notice that we have kind of correlation between revenue, number of correlation between revenue, number of correlation between revenue, number of students, etc. You can see it's kind of students, etc. You can see it's kind of students, etc. You can see it's kind of falling showing up right here. And of falling showing up right here. And of falling showing up right here. And then we have a monthly breakdown on the then we have a monthly breakdown on the then we have a monthly breakdown on the expenses, revenue, all of that. Again, expenses, revenue, all of that. Again, expenses, revenue, all of that. Again, we need to blur some of these figures we need to blur some of these figures we need to blur some of these figures cuz I can't share all of them with you, cuz I can't share all of them with you, cuz I can't share all of them with you, but point is it was able to get that but point is it was able to get that but point is it was able to get that data. So what I'm going to do now is go data. So what I'm going to do now is go data. So what I'm going to do now is go back to seed data because now this is back to seed data because now this is back to seed data because now this is connected to Claude and what I want to connected to Claude and what I want to connected to Claude and what I want to do is show you a little bit about how do is show you a little bit about how do is show you a little bit about how the security works and how we can the security works and how we can the security works and how we can actually create kind of different views actually create kind of different views actually create kind of different views of data and then grant other people of data and then grant other people of data and then grant other people access to them. So what I'm going to do access to them. So what I'm going to do access to them. So what I'm going to do is go to users and this is where this is go to users and this is where this is go to users and this is where this becomes a lot more powerful from kind of becomes a lot more powerful from kind of becomes a lot more powerful from kind of like an organization perspective. So we like an organization perspective. So we like an organization perspective. So we have my user right here, but we also can have my user right here, but we also can have my user right here, but we also can invite other users. So what I could do invite other users. So what I could do invite other users. So what I could do for example is take, I don't know, Tim for example is take, I don't know, Tim for example is take, I don't know, Tim at devlaunch.us, one of my other email at devlaunch.us, one of my other email at devlaunch.us, one of my other email addresses, and I can give them a role addresses, and I can give them a role addresses, and I can give them a role like just the ability to query. So they like just the ability to query. So they like just the ability to query. So they can't change anything, execute anything, can't change anything, execute anything, can't change anything, execute anything, modify anything, whatever. We can just modify anything, whatever. We can just modify anything, whatever. We can just say, "Okay, they only can query stuff." say, "Okay, they only can query stuff." say, "Okay, they only can query stuff." And then we can actually choose what And then we can actually choose what And then we can actually choose what data sources we even give them access data sources we even give them access data sources we even give them access to. So maybe we don't want them to have to. So maybe we don't want them to have to. So maybe we don't want them to have access to accounting or Postgres or access to accounting or Postgres or access to accounting or Postgres or MySQL, we just remove those. Maybe we MySQL, we just remove those. Maybe we MySQL, we just remove those. Maybe we want them to be able to update something want them to be able to update something want them to be able to update something in the Dev Launch database. Again, we in the Dev Launch database. Again, we in the Dev Launch database. Again, we can just add that and then we can send can just add that and then we can send can just add that and then we can send the invite directly to them. So, now the invite directly to them. So, now the invite directly to them. So, now this particular user, if they want to this particular user, if they want to this particular user, if they want to connect this to their own AI tool, they connect this to their own AI tool, they connect this to their own AI tool, they just go to Claude, and then they can just go to Claude, and then they can just go to Claude, and then they can just connect it just like we did by just connect it just like we did by just connect it just like we did by signing into their CData account, but signing into their CData account, but signing into their CData account, but this time they're only going to be able this time they're only going to be able this time they're only going to be able to view the data that we've given them to view the data that we've given them to view the data that we've given them permission to view. So, if we go to even permission to view. So, if we go to even permission to view. So, if we go to even sources, right? And I click into like sources, right? And I click into like sources, right? And I click into like the accounting source, and let's just the accounting source, and let's just the accounting source, and let's just view here, and we go to permissions, you view here, and we go to permissions, you view here, and we go to permissions, you can see now it shows both of the users, can see now it shows both of the users, can see now it shows both of the users, and then again, we can change and modify and then again, we can change and modify and then again, we can change and modify the permissions based on what we want the permissions based on what we want the permissions based on what we want them to be able to do, which is super them to be able to do, which is super them to be able to do, which is super cool. Now, another interesting thing is cool. Now, another interesting thing is cool. Now, another interesting thing is that we may not want to just give a user that we may not want to just give a user that we may not want to just give a user full access, for example, to the dev full access, for example, to the dev full access, for example, to the dev launch database. So, if that's the case, launch database. So, if that's the case, launch database. So, if that's the case, what I can do is go to workspaces here, what I can do is go to workspaces here, what I can do is go to workspaces here, and I can actually create a workspace and I can actually create a workspace and I can actually create a workspace that contains different sets of tables that contains different sets of tables that contains different sets of tables or information, and then kind of have or information, and then kind of have or information, and then kind of have that as like a grouping that I can give that as like a grouping that I can give that as like a grouping that I can give access to other people. So, if I go add access to other people. So, if I go add access to other people. So, if I go add workspace, let's just call this, I don't workspace, let's just call this, I don't workspace, let's just call this, I don't know, student data or something. Okay, know, student data or something. Okay, know, student data or something. Okay, let's go ahead and press on confirm. let's go ahead and press on confirm. let's go ahead and press on confirm. Then, what I can do inside of student Then, what I can do inside of student Then, what I can do inside of student data is I can add various assets. So, if data is I can add various assets. So, if data is I can add various assets. So, if I go add, I can go like tables and I go add, I can go like tables and I go add, I can go like tables and views, I can go to my database, and then views, I can go to my database, and then views, I can go to my database, and then what I can do is just grant access to what I can do is just grant access to what I can do is just grant access to particular tables. particular tables. particular tables. So, for example, we can go to dev launch So, for example, we can go to dev launch So, for example, we can go to dev launch Discord here, right? Let's view the Discord here, right? Let's view the Discord here, right? Let's view the different tables that we have, and maybe different tables that we have, and maybe different tables that we have, and maybe I just want to give access to group call I just want to give access to group call I just want to give access to group call data. Okay, so let's do that. We just data. Okay, so let's do that. We just data. Okay, so let's do that. We just check the group call stuff, and then check the group call stuff, and then check the group call stuff, and then confirm. confirm. confirm. Okay, and then that's that. And then Okay, and then that's that. And then Okay, and then that's that. And then what we can do here is give this a what we can do here is give this a what we can do here is give this a description, or just leave it as a description, or just leave it as a description, or just leave it as a workspace, and go to permissions. And workspace, and go to permissions. And workspace, and go to permissions. And now what I could do is I could say, now what I could do is I could say, now what I could do is I could say, "Okay, Tim@devlaunch.us, "Okay, Tim@devlaunch.us, "Okay, Tim@devlaunch.us, you have access to all of this, right? you have access to all of this, right? you have access to all of this, right? We don't care. You can access all of We don't care. You can access all of We don't care. You can access all of this stuff in this student data this stuff in this student data this stuff in this student data workspace, but you just don't have workspace, but you just don't have workspace, but you just don't have access to the full database." So, we can access to the full database." So, we can access to the full database." So, we can give kind of table-based granular give kind of table-based granular give kind of table-based granular controls, which again, is very powerful, controls, which again, is very powerful, controls, which again, is very powerful, and the reason why you want a platform and the reason why you want a platform and the reason why you want a platform like this if you're actually going to like this if you're actually going to like this if you're actually going to use this out in the wild, right? And use this out in the wild, right? And use this out in the wild, right? And deploy this to a ton of different users. deploy this to a ton of different users. deploy this to a ton of different users. Of of there's a lot of other stuff that Of of there's a lot of other stuff that Of of there's a lot of other stuff that we have inside of here like jobs, for we have inside of here like jobs, for we have inside of here like jobs, for example, if we want to automatically example, if we want to automatically example, if we want to automatically have data come into the platform, have data come into the platform, have data come into the platform, synchronized, etc. There's also a full synchronized, etc. There's also a full synchronized, etc. There's also a full API that you can use. I'm not going to API that you can use. I'm not going to API that you can use. I'm not going to go through the docs there. But, what I go through the docs there. But, what I go through the docs there. But, what I will show you is that, of course, you will show you is that, of course, you will show you is that, of course, you can also connect this to your own models can also connect this to your own models can also connect this to your own models and your own systems directly through and your own systems directly through and your own systems directly through code. So, in order to do that, what I'm code. So, in order to do that, what I'm code. So, in order to do that, what I'm going to do is just go to integrations going to do is just go to integrations going to do is just go to integrations here. I'm just going to show you an here. I'm just going to show you an here. I'm just going to show you an example of integrating this with example of integrating this with example of integrating this with LangChain. Also, just keep in mind you LangChain. Also, just keep in mind you LangChain. Also, just keep in mind you can integrate it with a ton of different can integrate it with a ton of different can integrate it with a ton of different platforms. So, I'm going to go platforms. So, I'm going to go platforms. So, I'm going to go LangChain, and what I'm going to do is LangChain, and what I'm going to do is LangChain, and what I'm going to do is create a personal access token. I'm create a personal access token. I'm create a personal access token. I'm going to show you a quick code snippet going to show you a quick code snippet going to show you a quick code snippet that I set up before this video uh in that I set up before this video uh in that I set up before this video uh in order to actually connect this. So, order to actually connect this. So, order to actually connect this. So, let's go create new personal access let's go create new personal access let's go create new personal access token. Let's just call this token. Let's just call this token. Let's just call this LangChain and create. Okay, let me copy LangChain and create. Okay, let me copy LangChain and create. Okay, let me copy that. Obviously, I don't want to share that. Obviously, I don't want to share that. Obviously, I don't want to share that with you, and let me just add this that with you, and let me just add this that with you, and let me just add this to my environment variable file inside to my environment variable file inside to my environment variable file inside of my Python code. Okay, so I created of my Python code. Okay, so I created of my Python code. Okay, so I created the access token. Now, again, I can go the access token. Now, again, I can go the access token. Now, again, I can go to the setup guide, and if we go here, to the setup guide, and if we go here, to the setup guide, and if we go here, it'll bring you to a page like this it'll bring you to a page like this it'll bring you to a page like this where it explains how to set this up in where it explains how to set this up in where it explains how to set this up in terms of connecting an MCP server to terms of connecting an MCP server to terms of connecting an MCP server to LangChain. So, you can see that we kind LangChain. So, you can see that we kind LangChain. So, you can see that we kind of have some LangChain imports like of have some LangChain imports like of have some LangChain imports like LangChain OpenAI, LangChain MCP LangChain OpenAI, LangChain MCP LangChain OpenAI, LangChain MCP adapters, right? You can set up a config adapters, right? You can set up a config adapters, right? You can set up a config where you set up your authentication as where you set up your authentication as where you set up your authentication as well as MCP base URL, and then you are well as MCP base URL, and then you are well as MCP base URL, and then you are effectively just good to go, and you can effectively just good to go, and you can effectively just good to go, and you can connect this to a simple LangChain connect this to a simple LangChain connect this to a simple LangChain agent, which we're going to show you agent, which we're going to show you agent, which we're going to show you right now. Okay, so I'm just running my right now. Okay, so I'm just running my right now. Okay, so I'm just running my code demo here, and you can see that I code demo here, and you can see that I code demo here, and you can see that I just did UV run run agent.py. I'll show just did UV run run agent.py. I'll show just did UV run run agent.py. I'll show you the code in 1 second. You can see you the code in 1 second. You can see you the code in 1 second. You can see that it prints out all of the tools it that it prints out all of the tools it that it prints out all of the tools it has available to it when it connects to has available to it when it connects to has available to it when it connects to CData here, and then you can see that it CData here, and then you can see that it CData here, and then you can see that it says user prompt. This is the prompt says user prompt. This is the prompt says user prompt. This is the prompt that I had, you know, tell me how many that I had, you know, tell me how many that I had, you know, tell me how many current students I have in the database current students I have in the database current students I have in the database as users in MongoDB. So, it's going to as users in MongoDB. So, it's going to as users in MongoDB. So, it's going to go to MongoDB, search and see how many go to MongoDB, search and see how many go to MongoDB, search and see how many students are there. Okay? And you can students are there. Okay? And you can students are there. Okay? And you can now see that we get a response saying now see that we get a response saying now see that we get a response saying there are currently 111 students in the there are currently 111 students in the there are currently 111 students in the database as users in the MongoDB database as users in the MongoDB database as users in the MongoDB collection. Now, let me quickly show you collection. Now, let me quickly show you collection. Now, let me quickly show you the code I used in order to get this the code I used in order to get this the code I used in order to get this because it's very, very basic. Point is because it's very, very basic. Point is because it's very, very basic. Point is just that you yes can connect it from just that you yes can connect it from just that you yes can connect it from code. So, you can see that I have a code. So, you can see that I have a code. So, you can see that I have a super simple run agent script where I super simple run agent script where I super simple run agent script where I connect to LangChain and the LangChain connect to LangChain and the LangChain connect to LangChain and the LangChain MCP adapters. I just create a MCP adapters. I just create a MCP adapters. I just create a multi-server MCP client here where what multi-server MCP client here where what multi-server MCP client here where what I do is put in my authentication uh what I do is put in my authentication uh what I do is put in my authentication uh what is it kind of details here which I'll is it kind of details here which I'll is it kind of details here which I'll show you in 1 second. So, config.mcp show you in 1 second. So, config.mcp show you in 1 second. So, config.mcp base URL and config.mcp auth which base URL and config.mcp auth which base URL and config.mcp auth which includes kind of my token and again I'll includes kind of my token and again I'll includes kind of my token and again I'll show you that in 1 second. Then what I show you that in 1 second. Then what I show you that in 1 second. Then what I do is I load up all my MCP tools and I do is I load up all my MCP tools and I do is I load up all my MCP tools and I just print them out here just so that we just print them out here just so that we just print them out here just so that we can see what we have access to. I then can see what we have access to. I then can see what we have access to. I then use just GPT-4 Pro again just cheap use just GPT-4 Pro again just cheap use just GPT-4 Pro again just cheap agent here in order to interact with agent here in order to interact with agent here in order to interact with this. I create an agent, I connect it to this. I create an agent, I connect it to this. I create an agent, I connect it to my MCP tools. I just had a prompt, you my MCP tools. I just had a prompt, you my MCP tools. I just had a prompt, you know, tell me how many current students know, tell me how many current students know, tell me how many current students I have in the database and then just I have in the database and then just I have in the database and then just printed that out. I then waited for the printed that out. I then waited for the printed that out. I then waited for the agent to essentially execute that prompt agent to essentially execute that prompt agent to essentially execute that prompt and then it gave me the response. That's and then it gave me the response. That's and then it gave me the response. That's it for the agent code. In terms of it for the agent code. In terms of it for the agent code. In terms of connecting to the MCP server, very connecting to the MCP server, very connecting to the MCP server, very simple. I just imported a few stuff simple. I just imported a few stuff simple. I just imported a few stuff directly from the documentation guide directly from the documentation guide directly from the documentation guide they had. I create this off so I have my they had. I create this off so I have my they had. I create this off so I have my CData email and my personal access CData email and my personal access CData email and my personal access token. I base 64 encode them because token. I base 64 encode them because token. I base 64 encode them because that's what I need for this kind of that's what I need for this kind of that's what I need for this kind of bearer authorization token so we know bearer authorization token so we know bearer authorization token so we know who the user is and their token so that who the user is and their token so that who the user is and their token so that we can uh what do you call it have the we can uh what do you call it have the we can uh what do you call it have the correct security for that particular correct security for that particular correct security for that particular user. Then what we do is we just return user. Then what we do is we just return user. Then what we do is we just return that value and then here in the config that value and then here in the config that value and then here in the config we have the MCP base URL. We have the we have the MCP base URL. We have the we have the MCP base URL. We have the authentication token that we generate authentication token that we generate authentication token that we generate and then we have our OpenAI API key all and then we have our OpenAI API key all and then we have our OpenAI API key all of which I have in the environment of which I have in the environment of which I have in the environment variable file. And that's it. So, we variable file. And that's it. So, we variable file. And that's it. So, we literally just connect to the MCP server literally just connect to the MCP server literally just connect to the MCP server to LangChain and then we can directly to LangChain and then we can directly to LangChain and then we can directly use it inside of the code which allows use it inside of the code which allows use it inside of the code which allows you to use this from any library, any you to use this from any library, any you to use this from any library, any module, any you know, language that you module, any you know, language that you module, any you know, language that you want because again you're just want because again you're just want because again you're just connecting to an MCP server. So, that's connecting to an MCP server. So, that's connecting to an MCP server. So, that's it guys. That's pretty much going to it guys. That's pretty much going to it guys. That's pretty much going to wrap up this video. I know it's pretty wrap up this video. I know it's pretty wrap up this video. I know it's pretty basic but I just wanted to show you a basic but I just wanted to show you a basic but I just wanted to show you a really easy way to connect multiple really easy way to connect multiple really easy way to connect multiple different data sources, handle all of different data sources, handle all of different data sources, handle all of the security, handle the context, the security, handle the context, the security, handle the context, control all of that stuff that I control all of that stuff that I control all of that stuff that I discussed and then use it from multiple discussed and then use it from multiple discussed and then use it from multiple different AI sources. The way that different AI sources. The way that different AI sources. The way that Connect AI works is that it acts as the Connect AI works is that it acts as the Connect AI works is that it acts as the intermediary, right? So, it's handling intermediary, right? So, it's handling intermediary, right? So, it's handling all of the security, all of the data, all of the security, all of the data, all of the security, all of the data, but then ultimately your data and the but then ultimately your data and the but then ultimately your data and the way that you interact with it is up to way that you interact with it is up to way that you interact with it is up to you and you use this as the connection you and you use this as the connection you and you use this as the connection layer, which just makes your life a lot layer, which just makes your life a lot layer, which just makes your life a lot easier. Again, massive shout out to them easier. Again, massive shout out to them easier. Again, massive shout out to them for sponsoring this video. If you guys for sponsoring this video. If you guys for sponsoring this video. If you guys enjoyed, make sure to leave a like, enjoyed, make sure to leave a like, enjoyed, make sure to leave a like, subscribe to the channel, and I will see subscribe to the channel, and I will see subscribe to the channel, and I will see you in the next one.
