For less than $100 a month, you [music] For less than $100 a month, you [music] For less than $100 a month, you [music] could have a team of agents working for could have a team of agents working for could have a team of agents working for you at all times. I actually have my AI you at all times. I actually have my AI you at all times. I actually have my AI agent 24/7 negotiating [music] all of my agent 24/7 negotiating [music] all of my agent 24/7 negotiating [music] all of my brand deals. brand deals. brand deals. &gt;&gt; Chris Camillo, he's like a investor. He &gt;&gt; Chris Camillo, he's like a investor. He &gt;&gt; Chris Camillo, he's like a investor. He said, "You can probably make half a said, "You can probably make half a said, "You can probably make half a million dollars a year doing this." million dollars a year doing this." million dollars a year doing this." &gt;&gt; Yes. I think there's a lot of &gt;&gt; Yes. I think there's a lot of &gt;&gt; Yes. I think there's a lot of opportunity in learning how [music] to opportunity in learning how [music] to opportunity in learning how [music] to create a good employee and then selling create a good employee and then selling create a good employee and then selling those employees to companies. I think those employees to companies. I think those employees to companies. I think that'll be a massive trend. that'll be a massive trend. that'll be a massive trend. &gt;&gt; What is the thing that you would advise &gt;&gt; What is the thing that you would advise &gt;&gt; What is the thing that you would advise or suggest that someone [music] or suggest that someone [music] or suggest that someone [music] listening at home goes and does? listening at home goes and does? listening at home goes and does? &gt;&gt; In this video, we'll create an agent, &gt;&gt; In this video, we'll create an agent, &gt;&gt; In this video, we'll create an agent, create one together. Like we can come up create one together. Like we can come up create one together. Like we can come up with an idea and I'll show you exactly with an idea and I'll show you exactly with an idea and I'll show you exactly how to set up a cron job, which is just how to set up a cron job, which is just how to set up a cron job, which is just an automation, and then we can test it. an automation, and then we can test it. an automation, and then we can test it. &gt;&gt; 12 months ago, &gt;&gt; 12 months ago, &gt;&gt; 12 months ago, we had a conversation that led to we had a conversation that led to we had a conversation that led to hundreds of thousands of people hundreds of thousands of people hundreds of thousands of people vibe coding and building their first app vibe coding and building their first app vibe coding and building their first app with AI. with AI. with AI. And so, where I want to begin today And so, where I want to begin today And so, where I want to begin today for the person that's sitting at home, for the person that's sitting at home, for the person that's sitting at home, if they watch this video to the end, if they watch this video to the end, if they watch this video to the end, what are they going to be able to do as what are they going to be able to do as what are they going to be able to do as a result that they can't currently do a result that they can't currently do a result that they can't currently do now? now? now? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think my main two goals for this &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think my main two goals for this &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think my main two goals for this episode is one, episode is one, episode is one, um um um to to to explain what an AI agent is and kind of explain what an AI agent is and kind of explain what an AI agent is and kind of conceptually conceptually conceptually I think it's really important for people I think it's really important for people I think it's really important for people to actually understand what's going on, to actually understand what's going on, to actually understand what's going on, at least a little bit beha- um at least a little bit beha- um at least a little bit beha- um behind the hood in terms of what an AI behind the hood in terms of what an AI behind the hood in terms of what an AI agent is. And then we're actually going agent is. And then we're actually going agent is. And then we're actually going to create uh an AI agent, right? We are to create uh an AI agent, right? We are to create uh an AI agent, right? We are going to build an AI agent that will be going to build an AI agent that will be going to build an AI agent that will be useful to me. Uh and uh I'm going to go useful to me. Uh and uh I'm going to go useful to me. Uh and uh I'm going to go like from setting up an AI agent to like from setting up an AI agent to like from setting up an AI agent to actually have it running so that it does actually have it running so that it does actually have it running so that it does things uh automatically and every day. things uh automatically and every day. things uh automatically and every day. That's like really useful for me and my That's like really useful for me and my That's like really useful for me and my business. And I think it is the most business. And I think it is the most business. And I think it is the most important thing for people to understand important thing for people to understand important thing for people to understand right now in the world of AI. right now in the world of AI. right now in the world of AI. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; You know what? You said you said it's &gt;&gt; You know what? You said you said it's &gt;&gt; You know what? You said you said it's the most important thing for people to the most important thing for people to the most important thing for people to understand right now in the world of AI. understand right now in the world of AI. understand right now in the world of AI. If we rewind 10 months ago when we had If we rewind 10 months ago when we had If we rewind 10 months ago when we had the first conversation, the first conversation, the first conversation, everything that you were speaking about everything that you were speaking about everything that you were speaking about and where your energy was was with and where your energy was was with and where your energy was was with building apps, this new ability to build building apps, this new ability to build building apps, this new ability to build software software software like the non-technical people using AI. like the non-technical people using AI. like the non-technical people using AI. Can you just get people up to speed? Can you just get people up to speed? Can you just get people up to speed? Like what has changed from 10 months ago Like what has changed from 10 months ago Like what has changed from 10 months ago to where we are now where everyone's to where we are now where everyone's to where we are now where everyone's talking about AI agents? talking about AI agents? talking about AI agents? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, um the term vibe coding &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, um the term vibe coding &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, um the term vibe coding uh was basically just using agents to uh was basically just using agents to uh was basically just using agents to build apps, right? That's all it was, build apps, right? That's all it was, build apps, right? That's all it was, right? You have really smart AI models, right? You have really smart AI models, right? You have really smart AI models, you type in your idea for an app, and you type in your idea for an app, and you type in your idea for an app, and the AI agent generates all of the code the AI agent generates all of the code the AI agent generates all of the code for all of the files. It can edit files, for all of the files. It can edit files, for all of the files. It can edit files, it can delete code, it can do anything it can delete code, it can do anything it can delete code, it can do anything uh within like a directory, and then it uh within like a directory, and then it uh within like a directory, and then it can build an app, and you can can build an app, and you can can build an app, and you can immediately start using the app, and immediately start using the app, and immediately start using the app, and many people have actually made money many people have actually made money many people have actually made money selling selling selling software that they've completely vibe software that they've completely vibe software that they've completely vibe coded, right? Without any coding coded, right? Without any coding coded, right? Without any coding experience. Now, experience. Now, experience. Now, it turns out that those same coding it turns out that those same coding it turns out that those same coding agents like Claude code are incredibly agents like Claude code are incredibly agents like Claude code are incredibly good at just doing general tasks, right? good at just doing general tasks, right? good at just doing general tasks, right? If you think about any reason or all the If you think about any reason or all the If you think about any reason or all the software that you use, uh you know, software that you use, uh you know, software that you use, uh you know, whether it's like a CRM, whether it's whether it's like a CRM, whether it's whether it's like a CRM, whether it's Notion, all these different things, it's Notion, all these different things, it's Notion, all these different things, it's it's usually to accomplish a goal. So, it's usually to accomplish a goal. So, it's usually to accomplish a goal. So, people were vibe coding apps to people were vibe coding apps to people were vibe coding apps to accomplish a goal. accomplish a goal. accomplish a goal. People started realizing that you could People started realizing that you could People started realizing that you could actually just give give these agents actually just give give these agents actually just give give these agents skills, and the agents could actually do skills, and the agents could actually do skills, and the agents could actually do those tasks directly. It didn't need any those tasks directly. It didn't need any those tasks directly. It didn't need any software in the middle to do it. The software in the middle to do it. The software in the middle to do it. The agents could just start doing all of the agents could just start doing all of the agents could just start doing all of the tasks, whether that's just handling all tasks, whether that's just handling all tasks, whether that's just handling all of your email, right? You know, uh as a of your email, right? You know, uh as a of your email, right? You know, uh as a content creator, you know, you probably content creator, you know, you probably content creator, you know, you probably get reached out to by many people per get reached out to by many people per get reached out to by many people per like every day, probably many companies like every day, probably many companies like every day, probably many companies reach out to you, and I actually have my reach out to you, and I actually have my reach out to you, and I actually have my AI agent 24/7 negotiating all of my AI agent 24/7 negotiating all of my AI agent 24/7 negotiating all of my brand deals, you know, and and I do brand deals, you know, and and I do brand deals, you know, and and I do actually don't even need to be in there. actually don't even need to be in there. actually don't even need to be in there. And [clears throat] And [clears throat] And [clears throat] I used to have a really good manager who I used to have a really good manager who I used to have a really good manager who would manage my sponsorship deals. And would manage my sponsorship deals. And would manage my sponsorship deals. And uh I basically gave it all of the data uh I basically gave it all of the data uh I basically gave it all of the data from the previous brand deals. And now from the previous brand deals. And now from the previous brand deals. And now the agent just directly negotiates with the agent just directly negotiates with the agent just directly negotiates with companies on my behalf. And so companies on my behalf. And so companies on my behalf. And so that's where this is moving across all that's where this is moving across all that's where this is moving across all industries. And that's why you're industries. And that's why you're industries. And that's why you're hearing about um hearing about um hearing about um you know, a lot of companies you know, a lot of companies you know, a lot of companies moving uh spend to creating AI agents. moving uh spend to creating AI agents. moving uh spend to creating AI agents. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, you said that's where &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, you said that's where &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, you said that's where it's moving across all industries. I it's moving across all industries. I it's moving across all industries. I remember when we spoke previously you remember when we spoke previously you remember when we spoke previously you gave the example of like uh gave the example of like uh gave the example of like uh like Peter Levels and these vi- these like Peter Levels and these vi- these like Peter Levels and these vi- these apps that he was vibe coding. And I apps that he was vibe coding. And I apps that he was vibe coding. And I think at the time he was making like think at the time he was making like think at the time he was making like $300,000 a month vibe coding apps. $300,000 a month vibe coding apps. $300,000 a month vibe coding apps. If we were to move the conversation If we were to move the conversation If we were to move the conversation forward to AI agents and how people are forward to AI agents and how people are forward to AI agents and how people are using things like Claw, Open Claw, or using things like Claw, Open Claw, or using things like Claw, Open Claw, or Manas, or even Perplexity Computer. Can Manas, or even Perplexity Computer. Can Manas, or even Perplexity Computer. Can you just share some examples you just share some examples you just share some examples of how people are using almost like of how people are using almost like of how people are using almost like these AI agent workflows these AI agent workflows these AI agent workflows in their businesses, or to make money, in their businesses, or to make money, in their businesses, or to make money, or like in their professional lives. Can or like in their professional lives. Can or like in their professional lives. Can you just share what you've seen? you just share what you've seen? you just share what you've seen? Yeah. So, I think Yeah. So, I think Yeah. So, I think obviously the biggest obviously the biggest obviously the biggest uh use case now is still coding, right? uh use case now is still coding, right? uh use case now is still coding, right? Because we have There's been a lot of Because we have There's been a lot of Because we have There's been a lot of like people are just building internal like people are just building internal like people are just building internal tools all day long that are super useful tools all day long that are super useful tools all day long that are super useful for their business. And the reason why for their business. And the reason why for their business. And the reason why it's so exciting right now to get into it's so exciting right now to get into it's so exciting right now to get into these general AI use cases is because these general AI use cases is because these general AI use cases is because it's brand new. People are starting to it's brand new. People are starting to it's brand new. People are starting to realize it can do like general things realize it can do like general things realize it can do like general things beyond building apps like 2 months ago beyond building apps like 2 months ago beyond building apps like 2 months ago or 3 months ago. So, it's brand new. And or 3 months ago. So, it's brand new. And or 3 months ago. So, it's brand new. And so, all of these use cases are are brand so, all of these use cases are are brand so, all of these use cases are are brand new. Some of them aren't perfect, but new. Some of them aren't perfect, but new. Some of them aren't perfect, but we're reaching a point where they're we're reaching a point where they're we're reaching a point where they're becoming perfect. Now, uh the one that's becoming perfect. Now, uh the one that's becoming perfect. Now, uh the one that's probably probably probably Open Claw Open Claw Open Claw was incredibly unique in that it was an was incredibly unique in that it was an was incredibly unique in that it was an agent that just ran 24/7 on your agent that just ran 24/7 on your agent that just ran 24/7 on your computer. A lot of people are using it computer. A lot of people are using it computer. A lot of people are using it for project management, and a lot of for project management, and a lot of for project management, and a lot of people use it for daily recap. So, it people use it for daily recap. So, it people use it for daily recap. So, it has access to my email, it has access to has access to my email, it has access to has access to my email, it has access to linear, it has access to Notion, linear, it has access to Notion, linear, it has access to Notion, and my calendar. Basically, all of the and my calendar. Basically, all of the and my calendar. Basically, all of the tools that I use tools that I use tools that I use to run my business, Openclaw has access. to run my business, Openclaw has access. to run my business, Openclaw has access. And so, if Openclaw thinks that there's And so, if Openclaw thinks that there's And so, if Openclaw thinks that there's something important that it needs to something important that it needs to something important that it needs to tell me, it'll just do it. And that is tell me, it'll just do it. And that is tell me, it'll just do it. And that is kind of what we'll talk about later kind of what we'll talk about later kind of what we'll talk about later today is there's levels of autonomy, today is there's levels of autonomy, today is there's levels of autonomy, right? You can create on one side of the right? You can create on one side of the right? You can create on one side of the spectrum, you can create an automation, spectrum, you can create an automation, spectrum, you can create an automation, which is like a trigger. So, if which is like a trigger. So, if which is like a trigger. So, if something happens, then the agent will something happens, then the agent will something happens, then the agent will do that. But now, do that. But now, do that. But now, what Openclaw did is they released a what Openclaw did is they released a what Openclaw did is they released a feature called heartbeat. And the feature called heartbeat. And the feature called heartbeat. And the heartbeat is basically says to Openclaw, heartbeat is basically says to Openclaw, heartbeat is basically says to Openclaw, it says, "Wake up every 30 minutes and it says, "Wake up every 30 minutes and it says, "Wake up every 30 minutes and decide if you want to do something." decide if you want to do something." decide if you want to do something." Right? The agents are starting to decide Right? The agents are starting to decide Right? The agents are starting to decide when it needs to do stuff, which is a when it needs to do stuff, which is a when it needs to do stuff, which is a whole new paradigm. Right? And and so, whole new paradigm. Right? And and so, whole new paradigm. Right? And and so, the level of autonomy is increasing over the level of autonomy is increasing over the level of autonomy is increasing over time, and the and the length of time an time, and the and the length of time an time, and the and the length of time an agent can work productively is agent can work productively is agent can work productively is increasing over time. So, they're increasing over time. So, they're increasing over time. So, they're getting more autonomous, and they're getting more autonomous, and they're getting more autonomous, and they're able to work on harder and longer tasks. able to work on harder and longer tasks. able to work on harder and longer tasks. And I think by the end of this year, And I think by the end of this year, And I think by the end of this year, we're going to be measuring how long we're going to be measuring how long we're going to be measuring how long they can work in days, not in hours, they can work in days, not in hours, they can work in days, not in hours, which we're currently up to like 6 or 7 which we're currently up to like 6 or 7 which we're currently up to like 6 or 7 hours that agents can work. hours that agents can work. hours that agents can work. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, it's a really exciting time. &gt;&gt; So, it's a really exciting time. &gt;&gt; So, it's a really exciting time. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, okay. So, you mentioned that &gt;&gt; Okay. So, okay. So, you mentioned that &gt;&gt; Okay. So, okay. So, you mentioned that it's a really exciting time. You it's a really exciting time. You it's a really exciting time. You mentioned that we're we're kind of mentioned that we're we're kind of mentioned that we're we're kind of entering this new paradigm. entering this new paradigm. entering this new paradigm. I remember a few months ago when I remember a few months ago when I remember a few months ago when Openclaw kind of shot to prominence, and Openclaw kind of shot to prominence, and Openclaw kind of shot to prominence, and you're seeing everyone, at least like on you're seeing everyone, at least like on you're seeing everyone, at least like on Twitter, like in these tech circles, Twitter, like in these tech circles, Twitter, like in these tech circles, they're buying like Mac minis, they're they're buying like Mac minis, they're they're buying like Mac minis, they're you know, they're getting set up in a you know, they're getting set up in a you know, they're getting set up in a weekend. Everyone's like going deep with weekend. Everyone's like going deep with weekend. Everyone's like going deep with it. And it. And it. And from what I've heard from you, and I from what I've heard from you, and I from what I've heard from you, and I think you have a really interesting think you have a really interesting think you have a really interesting vantage point because you're deep in vantage point because you're deep in vantage point because you're deep in this world, but your background wasn't this world, but your background wasn't this world, but your background wasn't in being a coder or like a software in being a coder or like a software in being a coder or like a software engineer or like a tech a deep tech like engineer or like a tech a deep tech like engineer or like a tech a deep tech like insider. insider. insider. And so, my question is for you, And so, my question is for you, And so, my question is for you, if we project out, especially as this if we project out, especially as this if we project out, especially as this technology becomes more and more technology becomes more and more technology becomes more and more autonomous, you talk about heartbeat. autonomous, you talk about heartbeat. autonomous, you talk about heartbeat. What do you think it's going to be able What do you think it's going to be able What do you think it's going to be able to do if we project forward a year from to do if we project forward a year from to do if we project forward a year from now, 2 years from now? Like, what does now, 2 years from now? Like, what does now, 2 years from now? Like, what does this mean for people? this mean for people? this mean for people? &gt;&gt; What does it mean for people? It means &gt;&gt; What does it mean for people? It means &gt;&gt; What does it mean for people? It means that basically everyone within a year that basically everyone within a year that basically everyone within a year will be able to have a team of AI agents will be able to have a team of AI agents will be able to have a team of AI agents working for them or alongside them or working for them or alongside them or working for them or alongside them or with them with them with them for, for, for, you know, I think it'll start off a you know, I think it'll start off a you know, I think it'll start off a little bit more expensive. It might be little bit more expensive. It might be little bit more expensive. It might be $200, $300 a month, but as the models $200, $300 a month, but as the models $200, $300 a month, but as the models get a little bit better and for cheaper, get a little bit better and for cheaper, get a little bit better and for cheaper, I think for less than $100 a month, you I think for less than $100 a month, you I think for less than $100 a month, you could have pretty useful AI agents a could have pretty useful AI agents a could have pretty useful AI agents a team of agents working for you at all team of agents working for you at all team of agents working for you at all times. And I think times. And I think times. And I think people who build businesses that people who build businesses that people who build businesses that have like have like have like true value and you are able if you're true value and you are able if you're true value and you are able if you're able to actually leverage AI agents to able to actually leverage AI agents to able to actually leverage AI agents to like help propel your business, like help propel your business, like help propel your business, those people are just going to be really those people are just going to be really those people are just going to be really successful. And so, learning how successful. And so, learning how successful. And so, learning how to think in systems will be probably the most important will be probably the most important will be probably the most important thing people can do, and you'll thing people can do, and you'll thing people can do, and you'll AI agents will feel more and more like AI agents will feel more and more like AI agents will feel more and more like talking to a person, right? When you talking to a person, right? When you talking to a person, right? When you hire a new employee, you have to like hire a new employee, you have to like hire a new employee, you have to like train them, you have to teach them like train them, you have to teach them like train them, you have to teach them like what your company does, you want to show what your company does, you want to show what your company does, you want to show them what them what them what uh a good outcome looks like. Maybe you uh a good outcome looks like. Maybe you uh a good outcome looks like. Maybe you hire a researcher for your podcast. You hire a researcher for your podcast. You hire a researcher for your podcast. You you kind of want to train them a little you kind of want to train them a little you kind of want to train them a little bit, and then you want to like set them bit, and then you want to like set them bit, and then you want to like set them loose, and eventually they'll be able to loose, and eventually they'll be able to loose, and eventually they'll be able to just do tasks for you like an employee. just do tasks for you like an employee. just do tasks for you like an employee. And so, I think over the next two or And so, I think over the next two or And so, I think over the next two or three years, it'll just feel like hiring three years, it'll just feel like hiring three years, it'll just feel like hiring an employee. Anything that you can do on an employee. Anything that you can do on an employee. Anything that you can do on the computer, you'll be able to just the computer, you'll be able to just the computer, you'll be able to just hire an AI agent to do the same thing. hire an AI agent to do the same thing. hire an AI agent to do the same thing. And so, instead of paying them per hour, And so, instead of paying them per hour, And so, instead of paying them per hour, you'll be paying for the tokens, for the you'll be paying for the tokens, for the you'll be paying for the tokens, for the the AI tokens, basically. the AI tokens, basically. the AI tokens, basically. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, it's interesting cuz I &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, it's interesting cuz I &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, it's interesting cuz I was listening to this um was listening to this um was listening to this um podcast with Chris Camillo, he's like a podcast with Chris Camillo, he's like a podcast with Chris Camillo, he's like a investor. investor. investor. And one of the things he said, he was And one of the things he said, he was And one of the things he said, he was talking about AI agents and Open Claw talking about AI agents and Open Claw talking about AI agents and Open Claw specifically, he said, and he was specifically, he said, and he was specifically, he said, and he was talking about AI automation, like AI talking about AI automation, like AI talking about AI automation, like AI agents automating workflows and tasks. agents automating workflows and tasks. agents automating workflows and tasks. He said, you can probably make half a He said, you can probably make half a He said, you can probably make half a million dollars a year doing this. There million dollars a year doing this. There million dollars a year doing this. There are people doing it right now. He goes are people doing it right now. He goes are people doing it right now. He goes on to then say, "Historically in the on to then say, "Historically in the on to then say, "Historically in the dot-com boom, the gold rush was trying dot-com boom, the gold rush was trying dot-com boom, the gold rush was trying to pick the right company to work for. to pick the right company to work for. to pick the right company to work for. You pick the right company and you have You pick the right company and you have You pick the right company and you have a chance of being rich." He said, "This a chance of being rich." He said, "This a chance of being rich." He said, "This is a very different gold rush for this is a very different gold rush for this is a very different gold rush for this generation. It's not about who you generation. It's not about who you generation. It's not about who you choose to work for, you have to do it on choose to work for, you have to do it on choose to work for, you have to do it on your own, but the opportunity is near your own, but the opportunity is near your own, but the opportunity is near infinite with AI. The difference is the infinite with AI. The difference is the infinite with AI. The difference is the window is very small. It's like right window is very small. It's like right window is very small. It's like right now, it's this year." now, it's this year." now, it's this year." I'm curious cuz it sounds so hyperbolic. I'm curious cuz it sounds so hyperbolic. I'm curious cuz it sounds so hyperbolic. I'm curious to what extent do you agree, I'm curious to what extent do you agree, I'm curious to what extent do you agree, disagree? disagree? disagree? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I I will say for the first part, &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I I will say for the first part, &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I I will say for the first part, you know, I'm in San Francisco right you know, I'm in San Francisco right you know, I'm in San Francisco right now, and uh everyone who worked for now, and uh everyone who worked for now, and uh everyone who worked for OpenAI or Anthropic, you know, when they OpenAI or Anthropic, you know, when they OpenAI or Anthropic, you know, when they IPO, every single person is going to IPO, every single person is going to IPO, every single person is going to make like three to 20 million dollars. make like three to 20 million dollars. make like three to 20 million dollars. Uh so, like to work for one of the big Uh so, like to work for one of the big Uh so, like to work for one of the big AI labs is a massive opportunity right AI labs is a massive opportunity right AI labs is a massive opportunity right now, and I think you can actually make a now, and I think you can actually make a now, and I think you can actually make a ton of money working for the right AI ton of money working for the right AI ton of money working for the right AI startups right now. I think the growth startups right now. I think the growth startups right now. I think the growth is insane. So, I will say that as a is insane. So, I will say that as a is insane. So, I will say that as a caveat, but I do agree with the caveat, but I do agree with the caveat, but I do agree with the sentiment around how there's a ton of sentiment around how there's a ton of sentiment around how there's a ton of opportunity to work on your own. opportunity to work on your own. opportunity to work on your own. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's It's It's so interesting. You That's It's It's so interesting. You That's It's It's so interesting. You know what? We're going to I want to get know what? We're going to I want to get know what? We're going to I want to get into into into AI agents specifically and how people AI agents specifically and how people AI agents specifically and how people can go about kind of building that first can go about kind of building that first can go about kind of building that first one. Before we do, in that quote, Chris one. Before we do, in that quote, Chris one. Before we do, in that quote, Chris Camillo mentions right at the end that Camillo mentions right at the end that Camillo mentions right at the end that there's like this window of time right there's like this window of time right there's like this window of time right now. And the way that he positions it now. And the way that he positions it now. And the way that he positions it and frames it as if is is as if it's and frames it as if is is as if it's and frames it as if is is as if it's like a limited window of time. like a limited window of time. like a limited window of time. Do you agree with that sentiment that Do you agree with that sentiment that Do you agree with that sentiment that like in the next year or 18 months or 2 like in the next year or 18 months or 2 like in the next year or 18 months or 2 years, there's really like a unique years, there's really like a unique years, there's really like a unique opportunity opportunity opportunity to capitalize and use this technology to capitalize and use this technology to capitalize and use this technology either to build businesses or even for either to build businesses or even for either to build businesses or even for someone who's working at their job that someone who's working at their job that someone who's working at their job that wants to like automate workflows? wants to like automate workflows? wants to like automate workflows? Yes, I do. And I don't I really try and Yes, I do. And I don't I really try and Yes, I do. And I don't I really try and to give people urgency in other ways to give people urgency in other ways to give people urgency in other ways other than like you have 2 years to other than like you have 2 years to other than like you have 2 years to capitalize on this or you're screwed. capitalize on this or you're screwed. capitalize on this or you're screwed. You know, there's a meme going around in You know, there's a meme going around in You know, there's a meme going around in San Francisco called escaping the San Francisco called escaping the San Francisco called escaping the permanent underclass. I don't like that permanent underclass. I don't like that permanent underclass. I don't like that people talk about this. people talk about this. people talk about this. There's There's this idea that AI's There's There's this idea that AI's There's There's this idea that AI's going to get so good you have 2 years going to get so good you have 2 years going to get so good you have 2 years left to like acquire money before it's left to like acquire money before it's left to like acquire money before it's just a bunch of elites who control the just a bunch of elites who control the just a bunch of elites who control the AI and then the rest of the the AI and then the rest of the the AI and then the rest of the the permanent underclass. And it's it's a permanent underclass. And it's it's a permanent underclass. And it's it's a meme and I I think you should avoid that meme and I I think you should avoid that meme and I I think you should avoid that type of thinking. You should find other type of thinking. You should find other type of thinking. You should find other ways to motivate yourself like AI is ways to motivate yourself like AI is ways to motivate yourself like AI is here. Creating AI employees is is kind here. Creating AI employees is is kind here. Creating AI employees is is kind of difficult right now. And when things of difficult right now. And when things of difficult right now. And when things are difficult, that's where all the are difficult, that's where all the are difficult, that's where all the opportunity is. As soon as it is super opportunity is. As soon as it is super opportunity is. As soon as it is super easy, as soon as you can just go to a easy, as soon as you can just go to a easy, as soon as you can just go to a site and click yep, hire a new employee site and click yep, hire a new employee site and click yep, hire a new employee and then boom, you have this which is and then boom, you have this which is and then boom, you have this which is coming, you know, and that might be 2 coming, you know, and that might be 2 coming, you know, and that might be 2 years away. As soon as that happens, years away. As soon as that happens, years away. As soon as that happens, right, all the value kind of goes to the right, all the value kind of goes to the right, all the value kind of goes to the companies who create those AI agents or companies who create those AI agents or companies who create those AI agents or the model providers. And so right now the model providers. And so right now the model providers. And so right now there's this moment of time where there's this moment of time where there's this moment of time where there's friction and it's hard and there's friction and it's hard and there's friction and it's hard and that's what companies are willing to pay that's what companies are willing to pay that's what companies are willing to pay for. So, in terms of creating AI agents for. So, in terms of creating AI agents for. So, in terms of creating AI agents or automations or or automations or or automations or starting a business, I do think starting a business, I do think starting a business, I do think it's a really good time right now to get it's a really good time right now to get it's a really good time right now to get in and you can make a ton of money doing in and you can make a ton of money doing in and you can make a ton of money doing it. Are you screwed if you don't do it it. Are you screwed if you don't do it it. Are you screwed if you don't do it in the next 2 years? in the next 2 years? in the next 2 years? I'm not sure. Um I'm not sure. Um I'm not sure. Um I I I wouldn't think like that. I I I wouldn't think like that. I I I wouldn't think like that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I like that. It feels like a a &gt;&gt; Yeah. I like that. It feels like a a &gt;&gt; Yeah. I like that. It feels like a a balanced uh perspective. You know what, balanced uh perspective. You know what, balanced uh perspective. You know what, uh Riley, cuz just context for the uh Riley, cuz just context for the uh Riley, cuz just context for the audience, you and I had a conversation audience, you and I had a conversation audience, you and I had a conversation um about a week ago, and during that um about a week ago, and during that um about a week ago, and during that conversation, you said something that conversation, you said something that conversation, you said something that the moment you said it, I wrote it down the moment you said it, I wrote it down the moment you said it, I wrote it down so that I could bring it up today. so that I could bring it up today. so that I could bring it up today. And basically, what we were talking And basically, what we were talking And basically, what we were talking about is about is about is most people, when it comes to AI, most people, when it comes to AI, most people, when it comes to AI, they're familiar with like the LLMs, they're familiar with like the LLMs, they're familiar with like the LLMs, right? They're familiar with ChatGPT. right? They're familiar with ChatGPT. right? They're familiar with ChatGPT. They might, you know, started using They might, you know, started using They might, you know, started using Claude Claude Claude um recently. And you said something, you um recently. And you said something, you um recently. And you said something, you go go go the trillion-dollar battle that's going the trillion-dollar battle that's going the trillion-dollar battle that's going on between OpenAI and Anthropic. on between OpenAI and Anthropic. on between OpenAI and Anthropic. Anthropic are the creators of Claude. Anthropic are the creators of Claude. Anthropic are the creators of Claude. And it's interesting because it's It And it's interesting because it's It And it's interesting because it's It feels like every week there's a new feels like every week there's a new feels like every week there's a new product update, which is like a a product update, which is like a a product update, which is like a a sizable leap forward. I I I I want to sizable leap forward. I I I I want to sizable leap forward. I I I I want to actually get into some of these AI actually get into some of these AI actually get into some of these AI agents, but agents, but agents, but the the amount that this is changing the the amount that this is changing the the amount that this is changing like week over week, and I think about like week over week, and I think about like week over week, and I think about what we have with like Manas, we have what we have with like Manas, we have what we have with like Manas, we have Perplexity Computer, you have uh Claude Perplexity Computer, you have uh Claude Perplexity Computer, you have uh Claude Code, you obviously have Open Claw. Code, you obviously have Open Claw. Code, you obviously have Open Claw. Like, there's so many players, and it's Like, there's so many players, and it's Like, there's so many players, and it's developing so quickly. developing so quickly. developing so quickly. Can you give people that context Can you give people that context Can you give people that context of where we're at right now, of where we're at right now, of where we're at right now, and then we can we can start showing and then we can we can start showing and then we can we can start showing people how to build? people how to build? people how to build? &gt;&gt; Yeah, so &gt;&gt; Yeah, so &gt;&gt; Yeah, so Okay, so you named a bunch of tools, Okay, so you named a bunch of tools, Okay, so you named a bunch of tools, right? There's a lot of different tools right? There's a lot of different tools right? There's a lot of different tools right now on the market, like Open Claw. right now on the market, like Open Claw. right now on the market, like Open Claw. You have Claude Code and Claude Co-work. You have Claude Code and Claude Co-work. You have Claude Code and Claude Co-work. You have Perplexity Computer, you have You have Perplexity Computer, you have You have Perplexity Computer, you have Manas, and what Manas, and what Manas, and what And I'll I'll I'm going to explain this And I'll I'll I'm going to explain this And I'll I'll I'm going to explain this in a little bit when I I I when I go in a little bit when I I I when I go in a little bit when I I I when I go through I have kind of a presentation through I have kind of a presentation through I have kind of a presentation prepared as kind of a precursor to prepared as kind of a precursor to prepared as kind of a precursor to building the the agents. But what building the the agents. But what building the the agents. But what separates all of these tools from Chat separates all of these tools from Chat separates all of these tools from Chat GPT is it's like an AI model that has GPT is it's like an AI model that has GPT is it's like an AI model that has access to a computer. And um access to a computer. And um access to a computer. And um And what we're seeing now is AI is And what we're seeing now is AI is And what we're seeing now is AI is getting really good at doing every getting really good at doing every getting really good at doing every single thing a human would do on a single thing a human would do on a single thing a human would do on a computer better and faster. Which is has computer better and faster. Which is has computer better and faster. Which is has massive implications. If you think of massive implications. If you think of massive implications. If you think of all the knowledge work, right? It is on all the knowledge work, right? It is on all the knowledge work, right? It is on a computer. If you work at Microsoft, a computer. If you work at Microsoft, a computer. If you work at Microsoft, you're doing most of your work on a you're doing most of your work on a you're doing most of your work on a computer. You're handling email. You're computer. You're handling email. You're computer. You're handling email. You're using maybe a suite of like seven or using maybe a suite of like seven or using maybe a suite of like seven or eight different tools to like accomplish eight different tools to like accomplish eight different tools to like accomplish tasks. tasks. tasks. AI is uh you know, Anthropic just AI is uh you know, Anthropic just AI is uh you know, Anthropic just acquired a company called Percept, and acquired a company called Percept, and acquired a company called Percept, and Percept is a computer use tool. And if Percept is a computer use tool. And if Percept is a computer use tool. And if you you can actually test it. They have you you can actually test it. They have you you can actually test it. They have like a Vi agent that like if you give it like a Vi agent that like if you give it like a Vi agent that like if you give it a task, it'll just like quickly control a task, it'll just like quickly control a task, it'll just like quickly control it literally controls your entire it literally controls your entire it literally controls your entire computer and completes tasks. And so computer and completes tasks. And so computer and completes tasks. And so what we're seeing is AI agents getting what we're seeing is AI agents getting what we're seeing is AI agents getting smarter than way smarter than the smarter than way smarter than the smarter than way smarter than the average human, and they're also getting average human, and they're also getting average human, and they're also getting better at controlling a computer than a better at controlling a computer than a better at controlling a computer than a human is. human is. human is. Um and so in terms of like where we are Um and so in terms of like where we are Um and so in terms of like where we are now, all of these different tools that I now, all of these different tools that I now, all of these different tools that I mentioned use a computer to accomplish mentioned use a computer to accomplish mentioned use a computer to accomplish tasks, tasks, tasks, but they all do it in a slightly but they all do it in a slightly but they all do it in a slightly different way, which I can break down in different way, which I can break down in different way, which I can break down in the next section if if you want. It is the next section if if you want. It is the next section if if you want. It is kind of a longer conversation. kind of a longer conversation. kind of a longer conversation. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so you know what? Cuz I I And so you know what? Cuz I I And so you know what? Cuz I I uh We let's go ahead and and and show uh We let's go ahead and and and show uh We let's go ahead and and and show the presentation. And even while you're the presentation. And even while you're the presentation. And even while you're you're pulling it up, I'm curious cuz you're pulling it up, I'm curious cuz you're pulling it up, I'm curious cuz you run a company and a business, you run a company and a business, you run a company and a business, how many of these different agents that how many of these different agents that how many of these different agents that are Like how many do you even have are Like how many do you even have are Like how many do you even have running running running as we speak and like doing tasks for as we speak and like doing tasks for as we speak and like doing tasks for you? Okay, so you just heard Riley talk you? Okay, so you just heard Riley talk you? Okay, so you just heard Riley talk about the power of AI agents. And about the power of AI agents. And about the power of AI agents. And listening back to it, it reminded me of listening back to it, it reminded me of listening back to it, it reminded me of this new tool that I've been trying this new tool that I've been trying this new tool that I've been trying lately called Gamma Imagine. And so to lately called Gamma Imagine. And so to lately called Gamma Imagine. And so to give you the backstory, I had this cool give you the backstory, I had this cool give you the backstory, I had this cool idea for a visual that I wanted to put idea for a visual that I wanted to put idea for a visual that I wanted to put at the end of our Instagram Reels. And at the end of our Instagram Reels. And at the end of our Instagram Reels. And so the problem is is that I'm not a so the problem is is that I'm not a so the problem is is that I'm not a design person. I'm not a trained design person. I'm not a trained design person. I'm not a trained designer, but often I have to come up designer, but often I have to come up designer, but often I have to come up with visuals. And I hate that like with visuals. And I hate that like with visuals. And I hate that like manual finicky process where you're manual finicky process where you're manual finicky process where you're working around with these different working around with these different working around with these different templates and tools and it never works templates and tools and it never works templates and tools and it never works and it takes so much time. And so that and it takes so much time. And so that and it takes so much time. And so that was the process that I was stuck in and was the process that I was stuck in and was the process that I was stuck in and it was incredibly frustrating. But it was incredibly frustrating. But it was incredibly frustrating. But luckily, luckily, luckily, in this world of AI, I thought to in this world of AI, I thought to in this world of AI, I thought to myself, there must be a better way. And myself, there must be a better way. And myself, there must be a better way. And so to take you guys behind the scenes so to take you guys behind the scenes so to take you guys behind the scenes for a second, I took the idea that I had for a second, I took the idea that I had for a second, I took the idea that I had for the Instagram Reel. I simply typed for the Instagram Reel. I simply typed for the Instagram Reel. I simply typed it into Gamma Imagine and within seconds it into Gamma Imagine and within seconds it into Gamma Imagine and within seconds it produced stunning visuals like this. it produced stunning visuals like this. it produced stunning visuals like this. And another thing I love about using it And another thing I love about using it And another thing I love about using it is that it can come up with iterations is that it can come up with iterations is that it can come up with iterations and improvements really fast. You just and improvements really fast. You just and improvements really fast. You just type in the improvements, the feedback type in the improvements, the feedback type in the improvements, the feedback that you have for it and it produces it that you have for it and it produces it that you have for it and it produces it on the spot. And so if you're in the on the spot. And so if you're in the on the spot. And so if you're in the position that I was in, where you're position that I was in, where you're position that I was in, where you're completely fed up with the manual design completely fed up with the manual design completely fed up with the manual design process and how time-consuming and process and how time-consuming and process and how time-consuming and frustrating it can be, I highly frustrating it can be, I highly frustrating it can be, I highly encourage you to go to the link in the encourage you to go to the link in the encourage you to go to the link in the description and try using Gamma Imagine. description and try using Gamma Imagine. description and try using Gamma Imagine. Let me know about your experience. I Let me know about your experience. I Let me know about your experience. I know you're going to love it. Okay, so know you're going to love it. Okay, so know you're going to love it. Okay, so I'm going to share a story from my early I'm going to share a story from my early I'm going to share a story from my early days of building my company. So back days of building my company. So back days of building my company. So back when I started, I wanted a website for when I started, I wanted a website for when I started, I wanted a website for the show. But when I tell you building the show. But when I tell you building the show. But when I tell you building one was such a struggle. I would watch one was such a struggle. I would watch one was such a struggle. I would watch design tutorials. I tried copying other design tutorials. I tried copying other design tutorials. I tried copying other people's websites that I was inspired people's websites that I was inspired people's websites that I was inspired by. None of it worked and the worst part by. None of it worked and the worst part by. None of it worked and the worst part is it took hours, sometimes weeks for me is it took hours, sometimes weeks for me is it took hours, sometimes weeks for me to do this and it didn't look any good. to do this and it didn't look any good. to do this and it didn't look any good. And that's why I'm excited to share with And that's why I'm excited to share with And that's why I'm excited to share with you the sponsor of today's episode, our you the sponsor of today's episode, our you the sponsor of today's episode, our friends at Hostinger. And Hostinger friends at Hostinger. And Hostinger friends at Hostinger. And Hostinger makes it so easy to build a beautiful makes it so easy to build a beautiful makes it so easy to build a beautiful looking website. All you have to do is looking website. All you have to do is looking website. All you have to do is you open their website builder, you you open their website builder, you you open their website builder, you describe how you want your website to describe how you want your website to describe how you want your website to look, and within minutes you will have a look, and within minutes you will have a look, and within minutes you will have a beautiful looking website. And after you beautiful looking website. And after you beautiful looking website. And after you launch your site, let's just say you launch your site, let's just say you launch your site, let's just say you wanted to start sending emails, you can wanted to start sending emails, you can wanted to start sending emails, you can also use Hostinger for that. You don't also use Hostinger for that. You don't also use Hostinger for that. You don't have to subscribe to a new email have to subscribe to a new email have to subscribe to a new email software. So Hostinger has emails, software. So Hostinger has emails, software. So Hostinger has emails, automations, website, and AI tools all automations, website, and AI tools all automations, website, and AI tools all built into one. And so you're probably built into one. And so you're probably built into one. And so you're probably thinking, "Okay, that sounds good, thinking, "Okay, that sounds good, thinking, "Okay, that sounds good, but there's no way that I can afford all but there's no way that I can afford all but there's no way that I can afford all of this." Well, that's actually the best of this." Well, that's actually the best of this." Well, that's actually the best part about using Hostinger. The price is part about using Hostinger. The price is part about using Hostinger. The price is designed for people who are just designed for people who are just designed for people who are just starting out. And so if you have a starting out. And so if you have a starting out. And so if you have a business idea, or let's just say that business idea, or let's just say that business idea, or let's just say that you're looking to build a beautiful you're looking to build a beautiful you're looking to build a beautiful personal website, go to the link in the personal website, go to the link in the personal website, go to the link in the description and start using Hostinger description and start using Hostinger description and start using Hostinger today. Thank you to Hostinger for today. Thank you to Hostinger for today. Thank you to Hostinger for partnering with us on this. Let's get partnering with us on this. Let's get partnering with us on this. Let's get back to it. back to it. back to it. &gt;&gt; We're a software company &gt;&gt; We're a software company &gt;&gt; We're a software company and and and every part of our workflow is run by AI every part of our workflow is run by AI every part of our workflow is run by AI agents. So from building from generating agents. So from building from generating agents. So from building from generating the code the code the code to checking the code to to checking the code to to checking the code to basically automating like customer basically automating like customer basically automating like customer support, it's 95% automated. Like support, it's 95% automated. Like support, it's 95% automated. Like whatever we can whatever we can whatever we can replace with an AI agent, we do. And replace with an AI agent, we do. And replace with an AI agent, we do. And it's really cool to see. And now as a it's really cool to see. And now as a it's really cool to see. And now as a marketer, a lot a more and more, like marketer, a lot a more and more, like marketer, a lot a more and more, like right now all of my DMs and outreach to right now all of my DMs and outreach to right now all of my DMs and outreach to people to test kind of a new software people to test kind of a new software people to test kind of a new software platform we're releasing is done with AI platform we're releasing is done with AI platform we're releasing is done with AI agents. And so at any given time, like I agents. And so at any given time, like I agents. And so at any given time, like I think I have like think I have like think I have like like right now I have like seven or like right now I have like seven or like right now I have like seven or eight different AI agents working every eight different AI agents working every eight different AI agents working every single day just for me personally, but single day just for me personally, but single day just for me personally, but our team like we spend our team like we spend our team like we spend we spend six figures a month on AI we spend six figures a month on AI we spend six figures a month on AI tokens just for the AI agents that we tokens just for the AI agents that we tokens just for the AI agents that we use internally. So use internally. So use internally. So that gives you a sense of scope. that gives you a sense of scope. that gives you a sense of scope. &gt;&gt; And and you would say it sounds from &gt;&gt; And and you would say it sounds from &gt;&gt; And and you would say it sounds from your your your experience experience experience the most useful use cases right now is the most useful use cases right now is the most useful use cases right now is customer support and marketing. customer support and marketing. customer support and marketing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um yeah, and then and then uh just like Um yeah, and then and then uh just like Um yeah, and then and then uh just like executive assistant tasks as well. executive assistant tasks as well. executive assistant tasks as well. Um Um Um and just just organization, you know, and just just organization, you know, and just just organization, you know, like I get hundreds of emails a day. I like I get hundreds of emails a day. I like I get hundreds of emails a day. I get so many YouTube comments every get so many YouTube comments every get so many YouTube comments every single day across my videos. You know, I single day across my videos. You know, I single day across my videos. You know, I have an agent that just analyzes all of have an agent that just analyzes all of have an agent that just analyzes all of the comments for I have it as a weekly the comments for I have it as a weekly the comments for I have it as a weekly workflow. And we'll talk about creating workflow. And we'll talk about creating workflow. And we'll talk about creating an automation or a cron job that's that an automation or a cron job that's that an automation or a cron job that's that it's basically an agent that does a it's basically an agent that does a it's basically an agent that does a super long task. And so yeah, that super long task. And so yeah, that super long task. And so yeah, that But the point is here is like these But the point is here is like these But the point is here is like these agentic workflows aren't just like plug agentic workflows aren't just like plug agentic workflows aren't just like plug and play. They're they're very catered and play. They're they're very catered and play. They're they're very catered towards They're very they mold into your towards They're very they mold into your towards They're very they mold into your existing workflows. They use my tools, existing workflows. They use my tools, existing workflows. They use my tools, you know, and you may use a different you know, and you may use a different you know, and you may use a different tools. Like I specific I use Notion, tools. Like I specific I use Notion, tools. Like I specific I use Notion, Canva, and Linear like every single day, Canva, and Linear like every single day, Canva, and Linear like every single day, you know, but you might use a completely you know, but you might use a completely you know, but you might use a completely different stack. But the point is these different stack. But the point is these different stack. But the point is these agents can mold to whatever tools that agents can mold to whatever tools that agents can mold to whatever tools that you use. Um you use. Um you use. Um and that's what makes them so useful. and that's what makes them so useful. and that's what makes them so useful. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just before we get into it, cuz I &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just before we get into it, cuz I &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just before we get into it, cuz I know you mentioned that your company is know you mentioned that your company is know you mentioned that your company is currently spending six figures a month currently spending six figures a month currently spending six figures a month in like just the tokens to run these in like just the tokens to run these in like just the tokens to run these agents. And I and I want to make this agents. And I and I want to make this agents. And I and I want to make this clear for people. What is just as an clear for people. What is just as an clear for people. What is just as an individual looking to get started on individual looking to get started on individual looking to get started on this, what would be my setup cost? I this, what would be my setup cost? I this, what would be my setup cost? I know people are talking about like Mac know people are talking about like Mac know people are talking about like Mac Minis. You have to buy the $800 Mac Mini Minis. You have to buy the $800 Mac Mini Minis. You have to buy the $800 Mac Mini in order to Like how much would you say in order to Like how much would you say in order to Like how much would you say for a beginner looking to just start for a beginner looking to just start for a beginner looking to just start building their first AI agent to handle building their first AI agent to handle building their first AI agent to handle one workflow, what would the cost of one workflow, what would the cost of one workflow, what would the cost of that be? that be? that be? &gt;&gt; To handle one workflow, I mean, you &gt;&gt; To handle one workflow, I mean, you &gt;&gt; To handle one workflow, I mean, you could um could um could um you could use Claude Co-work or you you could use Claude Co-work or you you could use Claude Co-work or you could use a hosted version of Open could use a hosted version of Open could use a hosted version of Open Claude for 20 bucks a month to handle Claude for 20 bucks a month to handle Claude for 20 bucks a month to handle one specific workflow. If you had one one specific workflow. If you had one one specific workflow. If you had one workflow that ran once a day, you know, workflow that ran once a day, you know, workflow that ran once a day, you know, that that may cost you like that that may cost you like that that may cost you like 20 bucks a month. Uh you may cost you 30 20 bucks a month. Uh you may cost you 30 20 bucks a month. Uh you may cost you 30 bucks a month, depending on how long the bucks a month, depending on how long the bucks a month, depending on how long the task is. Maybe you have a really task is. Maybe you have a really task is. Maybe you have a really long-running task long-running task long-running task that spins up sub agents, which is that spins up sub agents, which is that spins up sub agents, which is actually a lot easier than it sounds. actually a lot easier than it sounds. actually a lot easier than it sounds. Um you know, that may cost $50 a month. Um you know, that may cost $50 a month. Um you know, that may cost $50 a month. But it is not that expensive and you do But it is not that expensive and you do But it is not that expensive and you do not need to buy a Mac Mini. not need to buy a Mac Mini. not need to buy a Mac Mini. You can buy a Mac Mini and I encourage You can buy a Mac Mini and I encourage You can buy a Mac Mini and I encourage people, if you're the type if you have people, if you're the type if you have people, if you're the type if you have spare time and you're genuinely curious, spare time and you're genuinely curious, spare time and you're genuinely curious, yes. And and you have some disposable yes. And and you have some disposable yes. And and you have some disposable income, go buy a Mac Mini. Okay. income, go buy a Mac Mini. Okay. income, go buy a Mac Mini. Okay. &gt;&gt; Let's get into it. &gt;&gt; Let's get into it. &gt;&gt; Let's get into it. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, &gt;&gt; Okay. So, &gt;&gt; Okay. So, this is a quick presentation and I I this is a quick presentation and I I this is a quick presentation and I I think this is super useful um when think this is super useful um when think this is super useful um when I think I think I think the easier it is to set up an AI agent, the easier it is to set up an AI agent, the easier it is to set up an AI agent, the more the more the more um um um the more you are just a consumer of this the more you are just a consumer of this the more you are just a consumer of this technology. I think it is very important technology. I think it is very important technology. I think it is very important to understand, at least at a conceptual to understand, at least at a conceptual to understand, at least at a conceptual level, what's going on under the hood of level, what's going on under the hood of level, what's going on under the hood of an AI agent. And so, an AI agent. And so, an AI agent. And so, let's think about the goal for today let's think about the goal for today let's think about the goal for today practically, right? Build a skilled AI practically, right? Build a skilled AI practically, right? Build a skilled AI agent that can help you with work, agent that can help you with work, agent that can help you with work, right? So, in order to do this, we need right? So, in order to do this, we need right? So, in order to do this, we need to understand something first, right? to understand something first, right? to understand something first, right? What is an AI agent? So, let's dig into What is an AI agent? So, let's dig into What is an AI agent? So, let's dig into the simplest definition and this is from the simplest definition and this is from the simplest definition and this is from a from Claude. I loved this definition. a from Claude. I loved this definition. a from Claude. I loved this definition. An AI agent is an AI model that runs An AI agent is an AI model that runs An AI agent is an AI model that runs tools in a loop, right? Okay, what does tools in a loop, right? Okay, what does tools in a loop, right? Okay, what does this mean? Let's break this down part by this mean? Let's break this down part by this mean? Let's break this down part by part. An AI model, right? Like ChatGPT part. An AI model, right? Like ChatGPT part. An AI model, right? Like ChatGPT and like Claude is just input, output, and like Claude is just input, output, and like Claude is just input, output, right? I ask a question, how do I change right? I ask a question, how do I change right? I ask a question, how do I change a tire without using any tools or doing a tire without using any tools or doing a tire without using any tools or doing any work, right? Input and output, any work, right? Input and output, any work, right? Input and output, right? We've all experienced ChatGPT. right? We've all experienced ChatGPT. right? We've all experienced ChatGPT. Um I won't dive into what an LLM is, but Um I won't dive into what an LLM is, but Um I won't dive into what an LLM is, but everyone has had an experience with an everyone has had an experience with an everyone has had an experience with an AI model or at least you should have it AI model or at least you should have it AI model or at least you should have it by this point, right? You ask it by this point, right? You ask it by this point, right? You ask it something, you tell it to do something, something, you tell it to do something, something, you tell it to do something, text in, text out. text in, text out. text in, text out. Let's move to the next part, right? An Let's move to the next part, right? An Let's move to the next part, right? An AI agent is a model that runs tools in a AI agent is a model that runs tools in a AI agent is a model that runs tools in a loop. What is a tool, right? Input loop. What is a tool, right? Input loop. What is a tool, right? Input tool use, right? So, you can say, "I tool use, right? So, you can say, "I tool use, right? So, you can say, "I want you to search the web." And the AI want you to search the web." And the AI want you to search the web." And the AI agent can think, and then it can search agent can think, and then it can search agent can think, and then it can search the web. As we talked about earlier with the web. As we talked about earlier with the web. As we talked about earlier with tools like Claude Code, it can also tools like Claude Code, it can also tools like Claude Code, it can also execute code. It can browse all of the execute code. It can browse all of the execute code. It can browse all of the files. It can Remember when I said files. It can Remember when I said files. It can Remember when I said agents can control a agents can control a agents can control a browser earlier? AI agents can actually browser earlier? AI agents can actually browser earlier? AI agents can actually control a browser. And it can actually control a browser. And it can actually control a browser. And it can actually decide when to control a browser. So, if decide when to control a browser. So, if decide when to control a browser. So, if the if even if you don't ask for it, it the if even if you don't ask for it, it the if even if you don't ask for it, it can actually start to use tools. And so, can actually start to use tools. And so, can actually start to use tools. And so, this AI model can decide to use tools. this AI model can decide to use tools. this AI model can decide to use tools. And, you know, you can also do you can And, you know, you can also do you can And, you know, you can also do you can search YouTube. You can search Reddit. search YouTube. You can search Reddit. search YouTube. You can search Reddit. You can download files. You can run You can download files. You can run You can download files. You can run Python, right? You can send emails, send Python, right? You can send emails, send Python, right? You can send emails, send texts. The point of this is every day AI texts. The point of this is every day AI texts. The point of this is every day AI is getting better at using more and more is getting better at using more and more is getting better at using more and more tools to the point where anything you do tools to the point where anything you do tools to the point where anything you do on a computer, an AI agent will be able on a computer, an AI agent will be able on a computer, an AI agent will be able to do by the end of the year, to do by the end of the year, to do by the end of the year, pretty much. I I'm very confident in pretty much. I I'm very confident in pretty much. I I'm very confident in this. This is not an exaggeration. this. This is not an exaggeration. this. This is not an exaggeration. Okay, let's get to the final portion, Okay, let's get to the final portion, Okay, let's get to the final portion, right? An AI model right? An AI model right? An AI model um um um it runs tools in a loop. So, an AI agent it runs tools in a loop. So, an AI agent it runs tools in a loop. So, an AI agent is an AI model that runs tools in a is an AI model that runs tools in a is an AI model that runs tools in a loop. What do I mean by loop, right? loop. What do I mean by loop, right? loop. What do I mean by loop, right? Input Input Input goes into the AI model, and it can use goes into the AI model, and it can use goes into the AI model, and it can use tools. We already covered this. But, tools. We already covered this. But, tools. We already covered this. But, this loop right here, where it can use this loop right here, where it can use this loop right here, where it can use tools, the results get fed back to the tools, the results get fed back to the tools, the results get fed back to the AI model, it analyzes whatever happened AI model, it analyzes whatever happened AI model, it analyzes whatever happened while using those tools, and then the AI while using those tools, and then the AI while using those tools, and then the AI model can just decide to use more and model can just decide to use more and model can just decide to use more and more tools. So, when you use Claude Code more tools. So, when you use Claude Code more tools. So, when you use Claude Code and it runs for 30 minutes, it's often and it runs for 30 minutes, it's often and it runs for 30 minutes, it's often doing research on coding best practices, doing research on coding best practices, doing research on coding best practices, it's it's it's looking at its skills, it's using looking at its skills, it's using looking at its skills, it's using different skills, it's doing all of different skills, it's doing all of different skills, it's doing all of these things in a loop until the AI these things in a loop until the AI these things in a loop until the AI agent decides that it's done. The model agent decides that it's done. The model agent decides that it's done. The model will be like, "Okay, here's your final will be like, "Okay, here's your final will be like, "Okay, here's your final response." So, so let's talk about this response." So, so let's talk about this response." So, so let's talk about this in in in practical terms here, right? in in in practical terms here, right? in in in practical terms here, right? So, I'm going to say, "Build an app that So, I'm going to say, "Build an app that So, I'm going to say, "Build an app that podcaster Callum Johnson would love. The podcaster Callum Johnson would love. The podcaster Callum Johnson would love. The AI model is going to start using tools AI model is going to start using tools AI model is going to start using tools because the AI agent will decide when it because the AI agent will decide when it because the AI agent will decide when it wants to start using tools. So, it may wants to start using tools. So, it may wants to start using tools. So, it may search Callum Johnson on YouTube. I search Callum Johnson on YouTube. I search Callum Johnson on YouTube. I apologize if I misspelled your name. I apologize if I misspelled your name. I apologize if I misspelled your name. I made this super late last night. Um and made this super late last night. Um and made this super late last night. Um and then uh then it might search YouTube. It then uh then it might search YouTube. It then uh then it might search YouTube. It can go to your YouTube. It'll analyze can go to your YouTube. It'll analyze can go to your YouTube. It'll analyze your transcripts and then it'll get an your transcripts and then it'll get an your transcripts and then it'll get an idea of what types of apps you would idea of what types of apps you would idea of what types of apps you would want. And then, all of that data gets want. And then, all of that data gets want. And then, all of that data gets sent back to the AI model. It may think sent back to the AI model. It may think sent back to the AI model. It may think again and okay oh and now it's like, again and okay oh and now it's like, again and okay oh and now it's like, "Okay, I need to use some more tools." "Okay, I need to use some more tools." "Okay, I need to use some more tools." And then it may brainstorm app ideas. It And then it may brainstorm app ideas. It And then it may brainstorm app ideas. It may create a a plan for an app, send may create a a plan for an app, send may create a a plan for an app, send that information back to the AI model. that information back to the AI model. that information back to the AI model. It'll write the code. It'll build the It'll write the code. It'll build the It'll write the code. It'll build the app, send it back to the AI model. The app, send it back to the AI model. The app, send it back to the AI model. The AI model will be like, "Okay, well, we AI model will be like, "Okay, well, we AI model will be like, "Okay, well, we actually need to test the app." So, then actually need to test the app." So, then actually need to test the app." So, then it will actually spin up a browser um it will actually spin up a browser um it will actually spin up a browser um and it will actually start clicking and it will actually start clicking and it will actually start clicking around the app making sure it's good and around the app making sure it's good and around the app making sure it's good and it will evaluate the app and then it it will evaluate the app and then it it will evaluate the app and then it will finally send it back to the AI will finally send it back to the AI will finally send it back to the AI model and let's say it tested the app model and let's say it tested the app model and let's say it tested the app and it really liked the app. The AI and it really liked the app. The AI and it really liked the app. The AI model will be like, "Okay, that's pretty model will be like, "Okay, that's pretty model will be like, "Okay, that's pretty good." And then it'll be like, "Okay, good." And then it'll be like, "Okay, good." And then it'll be like, "Okay, now it's time to be done." And it'll now it's time to be done." And it'll now it's time to be done." And it'll send a message back to you and it'll send a message back to you and it'll send a message back to you and it'll say, "Here is your app. You can test it say, "Here is your app. You can test it say, "Here is your app. You can test it here at your app.com." here at your app.com." here at your app.com." And the point of the AI agent and what And the point of the AI agent and what And the point of the AI agent and what makes it agentic is that it will makes it agentic is that it will makes it agentic is that it will actually decide how long it loops for. actually decide how long it loops for. actually decide how long it loops for. You know, an automation is just input You know, an automation is just input You know, an automation is just input sets of steps, final response, right? An sets of steps, final response, right? An sets of steps, final response, right? An AI agent is input, model thinks, uses AI agent is input, model thinks, uses AI agent is input, model thinks, uses tools in a loop for as long as it wants tools in a loop for as long as it wants tools in a loop for as long as it wants to. And then once it once it thinks it's to. And then once it once it thinks it's to. And then once it once it thinks it's completed the task or sometimes once it completed the task or sometimes once it completed the task or sometimes once it decides that it's impossible to complete decides that it's impossible to complete decides that it's impossible to complete the task, it'll just be like, "Okay, I'm the task, it'll just be like, "Okay, I'm the task, it'll just be like, "Okay, I'm done. Here's your Here's the result. done. Here's your Here's the result. done. Here's your Here's the result. Here's your final response." Does that Here's your final response." Does that Here's your final response." Does that make sense? make sense? make sense? &gt;&gt; So, so just to jump in, Riley. So, the &gt;&gt; So, so just to jump in, Riley. So, the &gt;&gt; So, so just to jump in, Riley. So, the significance of this like loop that you significance of this like loop that you significance of this like loop that you explained so well is it's actually going explained so well is it's actually going explained so well is it's actually going to get you to like a useful output, to get you to like a useful output, to get you to like a useful output, right? Like cuz it's going to keep right? Like cuz it's going to keep right? Like cuz it's going to keep iterating and getting better. I think iterating and getting better. I think iterating and getting better. I think we've all had that experience using like we've all had that experience using like we've all had that experience using like chat GPT where, especially in the chat GPT where, especially in the chat GPT where, especially in the beginning, beginning, beginning, a lot of people use it like Google, a lot of people use it like Google, a lot of people use it like Google, right? You just put the question in, it right? You just put the question in, it right? You just put the question in, it spits out an output, and a lot of the spits out an output, and a lot of the spits out an output, and a lot of the times you're like, "This isn't even times you're like, "This isn't even times you're like, "This isn't even good." good." good." With the With the With the being like an AI agent, it's going to being like an AI agent, it's going to being like an AI agent, it's going to keep that feedback loop going until it keep that feedback loop going until it keep that feedback loop going until it actually gets to like a useful, like actually gets to like a useful, like actually gets to like a useful, like more valuable output. Is that right? more valuable output. Is that right? more valuable output. Is that right? &gt;&gt; Yes. And 100% and to to kind of &gt;&gt; Yes. And 100% and to to kind of &gt;&gt; Yes. And 100% and to to kind of piggyback on top of that, piggyback on top of that, piggyback on top of that, the more prescriptive you are in your the more prescriptive you are in your the more prescriptive you are in your original prompt, the way happier you'll original prompt, the way happier you'll original prompt, the way happier you'll be. So, AI models are getting much be. So, AI models are getting much be. So, AI models are getting much better at thinking better at thinking better at thinking and it much better at using tools and it much better at using tools and it much better at using tools to the point where it'll just kind of do to the point where it'll just kind of do to the point where it'll just kind of do the things you want it to do. This is a the things you want it to do. This is a the things you want it to do. This is a pretty bad prompt here. Build an app pretty bad prompt here. Build an app pretty bad prompt here. Build an app that podcaster Cal Johnson would love. that podcaster Cal Johnson would love. that podcaster Cal Johnson would love. You know, it's my fault if the agent You know, it's my fault if the agent You know, it's my fault if the agent gets back to me and I test the app and gets back to me and I test the app and gets back to me and I test the app and it's like, "Oh, this isn't that useful." it's like, "Oh, this isn't that useful." it's like, "Oh, this isn't that useful." It's like, "Well, I didn't give it any It's like, "Well, I didn't give it any It's like, "Well, I didn't give it any help." If I listed all the things that I help." If I listed all the things that I help." If I listed all the things that I wanted the app to do and then I also wanted the app to do and then I also wanted the app to do and then I also told it what style I liked or if I said, told it what style I liked or if I said, told it what style I liked or if I said, "Here's my website, use the style of my "Here's my website, use the style of my "Here's my website, use the style of my website," which AI is getting really website," which AI is getting really website," which AI is getting really good at doing, good at doing, good at doing, it would create a pro- an output that I it would create a pro- an output that I it would create a pro- an output that I that I want. And so, that I want. And so, that I want. And so, be- being a good knowledge worker or be- being a good knowledge worker or be- being a good knowledge worker or being a good entrepreneur at this point being a good entrepreneur at this point being a good entrepreneur at this point is actually just coming up with really is actually just coming up with really is actually just coming up with really good prompts or being able to describe good prompts or being able to describe good prompts or being able to describe exactly what you want so that as the AI exactly what you want so that as the AI exactly what you want so that as the AI model is going through these loops, it model is going through these loops, it model is going through these loops, it knows what the final output should look knows what the final output should look knows what the final output should look like. And so, that is the key. The name like. And so, that is the key. The name like. And so, that is the key. The name of the game is being able to clearly of the game is being able to clearly of the game is being able to clearly articulate what you want the AI agent to articulate what you want the AI agent to articulate what you want the AI agent to do because it's getting better and do because it's getting better and do because it's getting better and better at just doing all of the things better at just doing all of the things better at just doing all of the things that you want it to do. that you want it to do. that you want it to do. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, you mentioned this the &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, you mentioned this the &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, you mentioned this the significance of of prompting. significance of of prompting. significance of of prompting. Um and I know even there's like jobs now Um and I know even there's like jobs now Um and I know even there's like jobs now which is like the prompt engineer. Like which is like the prompt engineer. Like which is like the prompt engineer. Like your your set is actually just you're your your set is actually just you're your your set is actually just you're great at prompting AI. great at prompting AI. great at prompting AI. Where I wanted to go though, even in Where I wanted to go though, even in Where I wanted to go though, even in that example you gave of like that example you gave of like that example you gave of like business ideas or like revenue ideas for business ideas or like revenue ideas for business ideas or like revenue ideas for existing businesses, existing businesses, existing businesses, is that is that is that because I'm thinking that's like an because I'm thinking that's like an because I'm thinking that's like an incredibly incredibly incredibly valuable use case right there of like valuable use case right there of like valuable use case right there of like not only is it helping you brainstorm not only is it helping you brainstorm not only is it helping you brainstorm and kind of come up with these ideas, it and kind of come up with these ideas, it and kind of come up with these ideas, it can then like mock it up for what like a can then like mock it up for what like a can then like mock it up for what like a V1 would look like. V1 would look like. V1 would look like. Have you from your experience using it Have you from your experience using it Have you from your experience using it as someone who's actually spent time as someone who's actually spent time as someone who's actually spent time like hours and hours and spent money like hours and hours and spent money like hours and hours and spent money like using agents? like using agents? like using agents? Has that been a useful like a valuable Has that been a useful like a valuable Has that been a useful like a valuable use case? Like, have you seen that it's use case? Like, have you seen that it's use case? Like, have you seen that it's effective at doing that? effective at doing that? effective at doing that? &gt;&gt; 100% and yes, 1,000%. You know, one of &gt;&gt; 100% and yes, 1,000%. You know, one of &gt;&gt; 100% and yes, 1,000%. You know, one of my favorite my favorite my favorite uh things to do with an AI agent is to uh things to do with an AI agent is to uh things to do with an AI agent is to just kind of give it some freedom, just kind of give it some freedom, just kind of give it some freedom, right? I have some things that I want it right? I have some things that I want it right? I have some things that I want it to do very specifically and then I have to do very specifically and then I have to do very specifically and then I have some things where it's pretty open-ended some things where it's pretty open-ended some things where it's pretty open-ended where I will say every morning at 9:00 where I will say every morning at 9:00 where I will say every morning at 9:00 a.m. I want you to analyze everything or a.m. I want you to analyze everything or a.m. I want you to analyze everything or analyze like maybe it's my email, my analyze like maybe it's my email, my analyze like maybe it's my email, my YouTube, um and then my like like it can YouTube, um and then my like like it can YouTube, um and then my like like it can analyze the database that we have that analyze the database that we have that analyze the database that we have that like tracks our new customers and where like tracks our new customers and where like tracks our new customers and where these customers are coming from. I want these customers are coming from. I want these customers are coming from. I want you to analyze it and I want you to come you to analyze it and I want you to come you to analyze it and I want you to come up with a useful insight based on all of up with a useful insight based on all of up with a useful insight based on all of this data. And AI is really good at this data. And AI is really good at this data. And AI is really good at analyzing data and then one day it'll analyzing data and then one day it'll analyzing data and then one day it'll just surprise you. Be like, "Hey, I just surprise you. Be like, "Hey, I just surprise you. Be like, "Hey, I think you should do this because of think you should do this because of think you should do this because of this, this, and this, and this. Here this, this, and this, and this. Here this, this, and this, and this. Here someone, you know, eight people someone, you know, eight people someone, you know, eight people commented on your videos that they want commented on your videos that they want commented on your videos that they want this feature. Like, you should build this feature. Like, you should build this feature. Like, you should build it." And then since it has access to it." And then since it has access to it." And then since it has access to your uh linear, it's like it'll be like, your uh linear, it's like it'll be like, your uh linear, it's like it'll be like, "Oh, Saul on your team isn't that busy "Oh, Saul on your team isn't that busy "Oh, Saul on your team isn't that busy and based on his previous tasks, I think and based on his previous tasks, I think and based on his previous tasks, I think he could create this." You know, like he could create this." You know, like he could create this." You know, like it'll it it'll it it'll it you know, the IQ of an AI agent is you know, the IQ of an AI agent is you know, the IQ of an AI agent is getting insanely high, you know, like getting insanely high, you know, like getting insanely high, you know, like Opus 4.5 I think it's like 130 that that Opus 4.5 I think it's like 130 that that Opus 4.5 I think it's like 130 that that of a IQ of 130. If you give it all of of a IQ of 130. If you give it all of of a IQ of 130. If you give it all of your data and you say analyze it, act as your data and you say analyze it, act as your data and you say analyze it, act as a a a um act as a um act as a um act as a chief operating officer and just analyze chief operating officer and just analyze chief operating officer and just analyze it and come up with one useful it and come up with one useful it and come up with one useful um idea every single day and prepare it um idea every single day and prepare it um idea every single day and prepare it in a concise one-page report and include in a concise one-page report and include in a concise one-page report and include hyperlinks to like relevant links, that hyperlinks to like relevant links, that hyperlinks to like relevant links, that can be incredibly useful. And so, you can be incredibly useful. And so, you can be incredibly useful. And so, you know, like while I'm drinking my coffee know, like while I'm drinking my coffee know, like while I'm drinking my coffee in the morning, I can just read this in the morning, I can just read this in the morning, I can just read this report that an AI agent prepares. You report that an AI agent prepares. You report that an AI agent prepares. You don't have to use it, right? Some of the don't have to use it, right? Some of the don't have to use it, right? Some of the ideas might You might be like, oh, I ideas might You might be like, oh, I ideas might You might be like, oh, I already had that idea or but like already had that idea or but like already had that idea or but like sometimes it'll be incredibly sometimes it'll be incredibly sometimes it'll be incredibly insightful. And so, yeah, to answer your insightful. And so, yeah, to answer your insightful. And so, yeah, to answer your question, like yes, it is incredibly question, like yes, it is incredibly question, like yes, it is incredibly useful to create workflows like this. useful to create workflows like this. useful to create workflows like this. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, as you were speaking, &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, as you were speaking, &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, as you were speaking, I'm like coming up with And I remember I'm like coming up with And I remember I'm like coming up with And I remember this happened the last time I was on this happened the last time I was on this happened the last time I was on &gt;&gt; I think we'll get there. Like I In this &gt;&gt; I think we'll get there. Like I In this &gt;&gt; I think we'll get there. Like I In this video, we're going you know, the next video, we're going you know, the next video, we're going you know, the next step of this is we'll create an agent step of this is we'll create an agent step of this is we'll create an agent and we we'll create one together. Like and we we'll create one together. Like and we we'll create one together. Like we can come up with an idea and I'll we can come up with an idea and I'll we can come up with an idea and I'll show you exactly how to set up a cron show you exactly how to set up a cron show you exactly how to set up a cron job, which is just an automation, and job, which is just an automation, and job, which is just an automation, and then we can test it and we can actually then we can test it and we can actually then we can test it and we can actually see if it's valuable or not. So, see if it's valuable or not. So, see if it's valuable or not. So, yeah, yeah, I think I think that'll be yeah, yeah, I think I think that'll be yeah, yeah, I think I think that'll be really fun. Um here, can I just finish really fun. Um here, can I just finish really fun. Um here, can I just finish this up real quick? So, I just wanted to this up real quick? So, I just wanted to this up real quick? So, I just wanted to get to one other point here get to one other point here get to one other point here um um um around AI agents that run tools in a around AI agents that run tools in a around AI agents that run tools in a loop, right? We covered AI model, we loop, right? We covered AI model, we loop, right? We covered AI model, we covered tools, we covered loop, right? covered tools, we covered loop, right? covered tools, we covered loop, right? And I just kind of wanted to tactically And I just kind of wanted to tactically And I just kind of wanted to tactically show you this is from show you this is from show you this is from 2025. You know, I'm pretty sure it's up 2025. You know, I'm pretty sure it's up 2025. You know, I'm pretty sure it's up to 7 hours now. But look at this curve to 7 hours now. But look at this curve to 7 hours now. But look at this curve of of this is the time horizon of of of this is the time horizon of of of this is the time horizon of software engineering tasks software engineering tasks software engineering tasks um that LLMs can complete 50% of the um that LLMs can complete 50% of the um that LLMs can complete 50% of the time. So, this is So, GPT-5, when it time. So, this is So, GPT-5, when it time. So, this is So, GPT-5, when it came out in 2025, could do tasks that came out in 2025, could do tasks that came out in 2025, could do tasks that were over 2 hours. We're up to 7 hours were over 2 hours. We're up to 7 hours were over 2 hours. We're up to 7 hours now in 2026, and this is only going to now in 2026, and this is only going to now in 2026, and this is only going to increase. And you know, and by the end increase. And you know, and by the end increase. And you know, and by the end of the year, I said this earlier, we'll of the year, I said this earlier, we'll of the year, I said this earlier, we'll be measuring AI agents in days, not be measuring AI agents in days, not be measuring AI agents in days, not hours. We'll be like, okay, that you hours. We'll be like, okay, that you hours. We'll be like, okay, that you know, AI last month it could work for 4 know, AI last month it could work for 4 know, AI last month it could work for 4 days, now it can work for 2 weeks. Um days, now it can work for 2 weeks. Um days, now it can work for 2 weeks. Um and that's coming. And so, if we get and that's coming. And so, if we get and that's coming. And so, if we get back to our original goal, right? Of we back to our original goal, right? Of we back to our original goal, right? Of we want to build a skilled AI agent that want to build a skilled AI agent that want to build a skilled AI agent that can help you with work. In order for can help you with work. In order for can help you with work. In order for agents to run most tools, you need to agents to run most tools, you need to agents to run most tools, you need to give the agent access to a computer. You give the agent access to a computer. You give the agent access to a computer. You brought up a Mac Mini. I said you brought up a Mac Mini. I said you brought up a Mac Mini. I said you actually don't necessarily need a Mac actually don't necessarily need a Mac actually don't necessarily need a Mac Mini. You could use a MacBook Pro or you Mini. You could use a MacBook Pro or you Mini. You could use a MacBook Pro or you can use a sandbox. can use a sandbox. can use a sandbox. Um Um Um just a hosting service that runs these just a hosting service that runs these just a hosting service that runs these agents in the cloud, right? Um and for agents in the cloud, right? Um and for agents in the cloud, right? Um and for coding, you can use Cloud Code. For co- coding, you can use Cloud Code. For co- coding, you can use Cloud Code. For co- you for work, you can use Co-work. You you for work, you can use Co-work. You you for work, you can use Co-work. You can use Open Claw. I didn't include can use Open Claw. I didn't include can use Open Claw. I didn't include Perplexity Computer, Manifold, and there Perplexity Computer, Manifold, and there Perplexity Computer, Manifold, and there are some others and there will be many are some others and there will be many are some others and there will be many more. more. more. Um for the sake of this, I like to use Um for the sake of this, I like to use Um for the sake of this, I like to use Open Claw. So, I'm going to show you how Open Claw. So, I'm going to show you how Open Claw. So, I'm going to show you how to get set up on Open Claw. Um do you do to get set up on Open Claw. Um do you do to get set up on Open Claw. Um do you do you want to hop into this or do you do you want to hop into this or do you do you want to hop into this or do you do you have any questions? Okay. you have any questions? Okay. you have any questions? Okay. &gt;&gt; I'm excited. I'm like, let's do it. &gt;&gt; I'm excited. I'm like, let's do it. &gt;&gt; I'm excited. I'm like, let's do it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's create it. So, for this, I'm &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's create it. So, for this, I'm &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's create it. So, for this, I'm going to use So, you can use Hostinger. going to use So, you can use Hostinger. going to use So, you can use Hostinger. You can use Chorus, which is what I use, You can use Chorus, which is what I use, You can use Chorus, which is what I use, chorus.com. You can use chorus.com. You can use chorus.com. You can use Um you can create a VPS directly on AWS. Um you can create a VPS directly on AWS. Um you can create a VPS directly on AWS. There's many services that you can use There's many services that you can use There's many services that you can use that allow you to spin up an agent on um that allow you to spin up an agent on um that allow you to spin up an agent on um on on on um on the web. And so, um on the web. And so, um on the web. And so, this is a brand new agent that I created this is a brand new agent that I created this is a brand new agent that I created right before you and I'll show you the right before you and I'll show you the right before you and I'll show you the process of creating an agent. Um you can process of creating an agent. Um you can process of creating an agent. Um you can just literally create new agent and you just literally create new agent and you just literally create new agent and you can just click like salesperson. And can just click like salesperson. And can just click like salesperson. And then, you can go through and just then, you can go through and just then, you can go through and just connect it to all of your things, right? connect it to all of your things, right? connect it to all of your things, right? And you go through this process. When I And you go through this process. When I And you go through this process. When I hit done, it does take 2 minutes to hit done, it does take 2 minutes to hit done, it does take 2 minutes to because it needs to spin up a virtual because it needs to spin up a virtual because it needs to spin up a virtual computer and I don't really want to wait computer and I don't really want to wait computer and I don't really want to wait for that. So, I've already gone through for that. So, I've already gone through for that. So, I've already gone through this and I have it set up. this and I have it set up. this and I have it set up. Um let me see here. Yeah. So, this is Um let me see here. Yeah. So, this is Um let me see here. Yeah. So, this is just this Riley's Open Claw agent. I just this Riley's Open Claw agent. I just this Riley's Open Claw agent. I haven't edited or added any integrations haven't edited or added any integrations haven't edited or added any integrations or skills yet. So, after you go through or skills yet. So, after you go through or skills yet. So, after you go through the process, if you don't set up the process, if you don't set up the process, if you don't set up everything, this is what you get. You everything, this is what you get. You everything, this is what you get. You get an AI agent with a computer. And so, get an AI agent with a computer. And so, get an AI agent with a computer. And so, all this is is just like an AI chat um all this is is just like an AI chat um all this is is just like an AI chat um running Open Claw. And here we see all running Open Claw. And here we see all running Open Claw. And here we see all of the files that Open Claw starts out of the files that Open Claw starts out of the files that Open Claw starts out with. What separates with. What separates with. What separates &gt;&gt; Just to be clear, Riley, so just uh so &gt;&gt; Just to be clear, Riley, so just uh so &gt;&gt; Just to be clear, Riley, so just uh so people can follow along. This is people can follow along. This is people can follow along. This is This is almost like the sandbox. Like This is almost like the sandbox. Like This is almost like the sandbox. Like this is the virtual computers like this is the virtual computers like this is the virtual computers like running it. That's why you're using a running it. That's why you're using a running it. That's why you're using a hosting uh or Chorus. Like explain that hosting uh or Chorus. Like explain that hosting uh or Chorus. Like explain that part of it. part of it. part of it. &gt;&gt; Yes. When you Let's say you you bought &gt;&gt; Yes. When you Let's say you you bought &gt;&gt; Yes. When you Let's say you you bought into all the hype that all the into all the hype that all the into all the hype that all the influencers were talking about and you influencers were talking about and you influencers were talking about and you went out and bought a Mac mini. And then went out and bought a Mac mini. And then went out and bought a Mac mini. And then you brought it home and you set it up you brought it home and you set it up you brought it home and you set it up and then you went to Open Claw's website and then you went to Open Claw's website and then you went to Open Claw's website and you installed Open Claw. What it and you installed Open Claw. What it and you installed Open Claw. What it would do is it would create a directory would do is it would create a directory would do is it would create a directory on your computer that looks identical to on your computer that looks identical to on your computer that looks identical to this. this. this. Um and you would have these certain Um and you would have these certain Um and you would have these certain files files files uh that make up your agent's personality uh that make up your agent's personality uh that make up your agent's personality and you would be it's pretty easy to set and you would be it's pretty easy to set and you would be it's pretty easy to set up skills. But, the reason like some of up skills. But, the reason like some of up skills. But, the reason like some of these hosting services are better is these hosting services are better is these hosting services are better is like it's super easy to just set up like it's super easy to just set up like it's super easy to just set up skills. Like you can go to the skills skills. Like you can go to the skills skills. Like you can go to the skills tab and you can go to like the tab and you can go to like the tab and you can go to like the marketplace and you And so, like these marketplace and you And so, like these marketplace and you And so, like these skills skills skills are basically packaged abilities for are basically packaged abilities for are basically packaged abilities for your AI agent that you can just enable. your AI agent that you can just enable. your AI agent that you can just enable. And your AI agent will actually is like And your AI agent will actually is like And your AI agent will actually is like consciously aware of what skills are consciously aware of what skills are consciously aware of what skills are available. Like it can go check popular available. Like it can go check popular available. Like it can go check popular marketplaces of skills and it can marketplaces of skills and it can marketplaces of skills and it can install them just by Like you can just install them just by Like you can just install them just by Like you can just be like, "Hey, do you want me to do it be like, "Hey, do you want me to do it be like, "Hey, do you want me to do it to install the 11 Labs skill so I can to install the 11 Labs skill so I can to install the 11 Labs skill so I can speak to you?" And then you can just be speak to you?" And then you can just be speak to you?" And then you can just be like, "Yes." And then it will just do like, "Yes." And then it will just do like, "Yes." And then it will just do this automatically. Um And so, this This this automatically. Um And so, this This this automatically. Um And so, this This is just a very easy way to spin up an is just a very easy way to spin up an is just a very easy way to spin up an Open Claw and then see all of its files Open Claw and then see all of its files Open Claw and then see all of its files and uh basically easily connect it to and uh basically easily connect it to and uh basically easily connect it to all of your stuff. You know, and so all of your stuff. You know, and so all of your stuff. You know, and so that's what this is. This is a computer that's what this is. This is a computer that's what this is. This is a computer that runs 24/7 unless you delete your that runs 24/7 unless you delete your that runs 24/7 unless you delete your agent. I'm pretty sure, yeah. You can agent. I'm pretty sure, yeah. You can agent. I'm pretty sure, yeah. You can like delete your agent right here. And like delete your agent right here. And like delete your agent right here. And um unless you delete your agent, this um unless you delete your agent, this um unless you delete your agent, this will run 24/7 and it will be as if you will run 24/7 and it will be as if you will run 24/7 and it will be as if you have a physical computer running. It's have a physical computer running. It's have a physical computer running. It's just running in the cloud. just running in the cloud. just running in the cloud. &gt;&gt; Okay, su- super cool. And And you know &gt;&gt; Okay, su- super cool. And And you know &gt;&gt; Okay, su- super cool. And And you know what? I love the way that you explained what? I love the way that you explained what? I love the way that you explained it where the skills, it's almost like it where the skills, it's almost like it where the skills, it's almost like you're giving your agent abilities. you're giving your agent abilities. you're giving your agent abilities. And so the question that instantly comes And so the question that instantly comes And so the question that instantly comes to mind for me, to mind for me, to mind for me, is there such thing as giving my AI is there such thing as giving my AI is there such thing as giving my AI agent too many skills? Like too many agent too many skills? Like too many agent too many skills? Like too many abilities. Is that a problem that abilities. Is that a problem that abilities. Is that a problem that people, especially in the beginning, people, especially in the beginning, people, especially in the beginning, kind of stumble into where like it can kind of stumble into where like it can kind of stumble into where like it can it can almost do too much or too little? it can almost do too much or too little? it can almost do too much or too little? Share Share that perspective. Share Share that perspective. Share Share that perspective. &gt;&gt; Yes. So, this is a great question and &gt;&gt; Yes. So, this is a great question and &gt;&gt; Yes. So, this is a great question and I'm glad you asked it because people's I'm glad you asked it because people's I'm glad you asked it because people's first instinct when they set up Open first instinct when they set up Open first instinct when they set up Open Claw just should just They just So Claw just should just They just So Claw just should just They just So there's like, "What skills can I add?" there's like, "What skills can I add?" there's like, "What skills can I add?" And they just start adding skills like And they just start adding skills like And they just start adding skills like willy-nilly going crazy. willy-nilly going crazy. willy-nilly going crazy. &gt;&gt; That's what I would do. Yeah. &gt;&gt; That's what I would do. Yeah. &gt;&gt; That's what I would do. Yeah. &gt;&gt; think Right. No, no. And I That's what I &gt;&gt; think Right. No, no. And I That's what I &gt;&gt; think Right. No, no. And I That's what I did first, too. I did it twice. I made did first, too. I did it twice. I made did first, too. I did it twice. I made the same mistake twice and I had to cut the same mistake twice and I had to cut the same mistake twice and I had to cut the entire agent because it had like 80 the entire agent because it had like 80 the entire agent because it had like 80 skills. And um skills. And um skills. And um if you think about it, just think about if you think about it, just think about if you think about it, just think about an employee, right? If you were to hire an employee, right? If you were to hire an employee, right? If you were to hire an employee and you know, I'm way more an employee and you know, I'm way more an employee and you know, I'm way more comfortable hiring an employee that says comfortable hiring an employee that says comfortable hiring an employee that says they're really good at two things and they're really good at two things and they're really good at two things and they can achieve a specific goal, right? they can achieve a specific goal, right? they can achieve a specific goal, right? And And I'm just like, "Yes, I want to And And I'm just like, "Yes, I want to And And I'm just like, "Yes, I want to hire this employee because they can hire this employee because they can hire this employee because they can predictably help me in X, Y, and Z predictably help me in X, Y, and Z predictably help me in X, Y, and Z because they're good at A, B, or C." because they're good at A, B, or C." because they're good at A, B, or C." Right? As soon as you get that employee Right? As soon as you get that employee Right? As soon as you get that employee who's like, "Oh, yeah, I can do this. I who's like, "Oh, yeah, I can do this. I who's like, "Oh, yeah, I can do this. I can do this. I can do this. I can do can do this. I can do this. I can do can do this. I can do this. I can do this. Oh, we can help you with this." this. Oh, we can help you with this." this. Oh, we can help you with this." Right? It gets scattered. And then the Right? It gets scattered. And then the Right? It gets scattered. And then the agent, because all of that information agent, because all of that information agent, because all of that information is stored on their computer. They're is stored on their computer. They're is stored on their computer. They're just files. You know, we can actually just files. You know, we can actually just files. You know, we can actually click into the skills tab right here. click into the skills tab right here. click into the skills tab right here. Like you can go into the skills tab. Like you can go into the skills tab. Like you can go into the skills tab. This is just a representation of files This is just a representation of files This is just a representation of files that are running on your computer. that are running on your computer. that are running on your computer. Skills are just markdown files in the Skills are just markdown files in the Skills are just markdown files in the skills folder. This is the same for skills folder. This is the same for skills folder. This is the same for Claude. This is the same for Open Claw. Claude. This is the same for Open Claw. Claude. This is the same for Open Claw. Here, right? We see home, right? This is Here, right? We see home, right? This is Here, right? We see home, right? This is on your computer. You see skills. And so on your computer. You see skills. And so on your computer. You see skills. And so as soon as you go and download like 30 as soon as you go and download like 30 as soon as you go and download like 30 skills to your computer, right now your skills to your computer, right now your skills to your computer, right now your agent, anytime your agent wants to do a agent, anytime your agent wants to do a agent, anytime your agent wants to do a task, it analyzes what skills it has task, it analyzes what skills it has task, it analyzes what skills it has access to and it only uses the relevant access to and it only uses the relevant access to and it only uses the relevant one when it needs to. If you have too one when it needs to. If you have too one when it needs to. If you have too many skills, it's going to use the wrong many skills, it's going to use the wrong many skills, it's going to use the wrong skill skill skill uh at a higher frequency. And so, I uh at a higher frequency. And so, I uh at a higher frequency. And so, I found a sweet spot between like 7 and found a sweet spot between like 7 and found a sweet spot between like 7 and and up to 15 to 20 skills. Anything and up to 15 to 20 skills. Anything and up to 15 to 20 skills. Anything above 20 skills, I think you get a steep above 20 skills, I think you get a steep above 20 skills, I think you get a steep drop-off and it's not nearly as good. drop-off and it's not nearly as good. drop-off and it's not nearly as good. And so, that's why I actually have And so, that's why I actually have And so, that's why I actually have multiple agents. And so, here on the multiple agents. And so, here on the multiple agents. And so, here on the left here, these Zompa, I don't know left here, these Zompa, I don't know left here, these Zompa, I don't know where I came up with the name Zompa. where I came up with the name Zompa. where I came up with the name Zompa. This is my personal agent that I use This is my personal agent that I use This is my personal agent that I use through iMessage. And so, the coolest through iMessage. And so, the coolest through iMessage. And so, the coolest thing that OpenClaw did is if you go thing that OpenClaw did is if you go thing that OpenClaw did is if you go into connections and go into into connections and go into into connections and go into communications, you can see here that communications, you can see here that communications, you can see here that you can just text it. Um or you can go you can just text it. Um or you can go you can just text it. Um or you can go into Telegram and you can add it to into Telegram and you can add it to into Telegram and you can add it to Telegram. Uh or you can go into Slack, Telegram. Uh or you can go into Slack, Telegram. Uh or you can go into Slack, you can add it to your Slack. And so, you can add it to your Slack. And so, you can add it to your Slack. And so, that's what's happening right now is that's what's happening right now is that's what's happening right now is people are putting these useful agents people are putting these useful agents people are putting these useful agents that control a computer into where you that control a computer into where you that control a computer into where you already message other humans. And so, already message other humans. And so, already message other humans. And so, now you can just like add them to group now you can just like add them to group now you can just like add them to group chats. You know, I chats. You know, I chats. You know, I that technology hasn't been fully that technology hasn't been fully that technology hasn't been fully figured out. Like, it's not perfect yet figured out. Like, it's not perfect yet figured out. Like, it's not perfect yet for creating group chats, but that's for creating group chats, but that's for creating group chats, but that's coming. coming. coming. &gt;&gt; To your point, it's like a a super &gt;&gt; To your point, it's like a a super &gt;&gt; To your point, it's like a a super powerful powerful powerful uh like assistant in that way. uh like assistant in that way. uh like assistant in that way. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And then even &gt;&gt; And then even &gt;&gt; And then even &gt;&gt; Okay, let me &gt;&gt; Okay, let me &gt;&gt; Okay, let me &gt;&gt; I'm and even just Well, go ahead. &gt;&gt; I'm and even just Well, go ahead. &gt;&gt; I'm and even just Well, go ahead. &gt;&gt; No, I would love to kind of You were &gt;&gt; No, I would love to kind of You were &gt;&gt; No, I would love to kind of You were talking about prompting earlier and I talking about prompting earlier and I talking about prompting earlier and I would love to kind of talk about what's would love to kind of talk about what's would love to kind of talk about what's next in terms of like prompting and it next in terms of like prompting and it next in terms of like prompting and it has to do with these files right here. has to do with these files right here. has to do with these files right here. Um Um Um and so, and so, and so, like this is really cool. So, I have like this is really cool. So, I have like this is really cool. So, I have You've never used OpenClaw, right? You've never used OpenClaw, right? You've never used OpenClaw, right? So, what separates OpenClaw from So, what separates OpenClaw from So, what separates OpenClaw from Let's close this out. Let's close out Let's close this out. Let's close out Let's close this out. Let's close out everything that's not relevant, right? everything that's not relevant, right? everything that's not relevant, right? All we have here is just an AI chat that All we have here is just an AI chat that All we have here is just an AI chat that has access to files, right? It has has access to files, right? It has has access to files, right? It has access to these files. And so, it says, access to these files. And so, it says, access to these files. And so, it says, "Hey Riley, uh what do you want uh this "Hey Riley, uh what do you want uh this "Hey Riley, uh what do you want uh this thing to help you with, right?" It'll thing to help you with, right?" It'll thing to help you with, right?" It'll just say something at the beginning. And just say something at the beginning. And just say something at the beginning. And I'm going to say, "Hey, I'm going to say, "Hey, I'm going to say, "Hey, um please um please um please um um um Like you can actually start off So, Like you can actually start off So, Like you can actually start off So, let's think about what we want this let's think about what we want this let's think about what we want this agent to do. Hey, I want Hey, your new agent to do. Hey, I want Hey, your new agent to do. Hey, I want Hey, your new name is name is name is um um um CJ. CJ. CJ. And I want you to be uh to help me And I want you to be uh to help me And I want you to be uh to help me grow my YouTube. grow my YouTube. grow my YouTube. And so, let me show you something here. And so, let me show you something here. And so, let me show you something here. So, when you message this Open Claw So, when you message this Open Claw So, when you message this Open Claw agent agent agent So, I have this open over here. So, I have this open over here. So, I have this open over here. Oh. Oh, yeah. So, I guess the onboarding Oh. Oh, yeah. So, I guess the onboarding Oh. Oh, yeah. So, I guess the onboarding changed for this. So, here it just changed for this. So, here it just changed for this. So, here it just suggested skills that we can use. So, suggested skills that we can use. So, suggested skills that we can use. So, I'm going to do YouTube search, YouTube I'm going to do YouTube search, YouTube I'm going to do YouTube search, YouTube competitor analyst, trends spotter. So, competitor analyst, trends spotter. So, competitor analyst, trends spotter. So, you can see here Open Claw just kind of you can see here Open Claw just kind of you can see here Open Claw just kind of like came up with skills that would be like came up with skills that would be like came up with skills that would be useful for me. useful for me. useful for me. And now it's setting them up, which is And now it's setting them up, which is And now it's setting them up, which is pretty cool. pretty cool. pretty cool. &gt;&gt; So, it's like walking you through It's &gt;&gt; So, it's like walking you through It's &gt;&gt; So, it's like walking you through It's almost like handhold like step-by-step almost like handhold like step-by-step almost like handhold like step-by-step through the process of getting you through the process of getting you through the process of getting you onboarded. onboarded. onboarded. &gt;&gt; Yeah, and it's it's um &gt;&gt; Yeah, and it's it's um &gt;&gt; Yeah, and it's it's um Open Claw did this first, and that's why Open Claw did this first, and that's why Open Claw did this first, and that's why it's was the fastest-growing software it's was the fastest-growing software it's was the fastest-growing software ever created. Oh, service is overloaded. ever created. Oh, service is overloaded. ever created. Oh, service is overloaded. I guess it's getting a lot of usage. Um I guess it's getting a lot of usage. Um I guess it's getting a lot of usage. Um here, we can just create a new chat here, we can just create a new chat here, we can just create a new chat here. Let's create a new chat. We don't here. Let's create a new chat. We don't here. Let's create a new chat. We don't want to be on the onboarding. I want you want to be on the onboarding. I want you want to be on the onboarding. I want you to um to um to um edit your um edit your um edit your um your soul.md your soul.md your soul.md file such that file such that file such that um soul.md file and other necessary um soul.md file and other necessary um soul.md file and other necessary files. All right, I like to say this at files. All right, I like to say this at files. All right, I like to say this at the beginning, files. So that you are the beginning, files. So that you are the beginning, files. So that you are obsessed obsessed obsessed with helping me grow my YouTube channel. with helping me grow my YouTube channel. with helping me grow my YouTube channel. Right? Here, it's like we're telling Right? Here, it's like we're telling Right? Here, it's like we're telling &gt;&gt; Step one is like you're just stating &gt;&gt; Step one is like you're just stating &gt;&gt; Step one is like you're just stating your goal. Just plainly simply stating your goal. Just plainly simply stating your goal. Just plainly simply stating your goal. your goal. your goal. &gt;&gt; 100% The first thing that you should do &gt;&gt; 100% The first thing that you should do &gt;&gt; 100% The first thing that you should do with your agent when you start off, with your agent when you start off, with your agent when you start off, right? So, right now it's like now let right? So, right now it's like now let right? So, right now it's like now let me update soul.md and identity file. me update soul.md and identity file. me update soul.md and identity file. Let's take a look at this beforehand. Let's take a look at this beforehand. Let's take a look at this beforehand. Hopefully, it doesn't change first. This Hopefully, it doesn't change first. This Hopefully, it doesn't change first. This is open claw, right? Open claw is open claw, right? Open claw is open claw, right? Open claw Open claw created these files called Open claw created these files called Open claw created these files called soul.md. So, as you use your agent, it soul.md. So, as you use your agent, it soul.md. So, as you use your agent, it will automatically update these files, will automatically update these files, will automatically update these files, right? It'll update the soul.md file right? It'll update the soul.md file right? It'll update the soul.md file and the soul.md file. So, we can and the soul.md file. So, we can and the soul.md file. So, we can actually see here. We can click on actually see here. We can click on actually see here. We can click on identity. identity. identity. Your name is Olga. And I can say no, Your name is Olga. And I can say no, Your name is Olga. And I can say no, make your name CJ, right? You can pick make your name CJ, right? You can pick make your name CJ, right? You can pick its name. And this is useful when you its name. And this is useful when you its name. And this is useful when you have multiple agents and it starts have multiple agents and it starts have multiple agents and it starts messaging you on texting here. messaging you on texting here. messaging you on texting here. But you can see here it's actually like But you can see here it's actually like But you can see here it's actually like making changes to the different files. making changes to the different files. making changes to the different files. And you can see like here's the And you can see like here's the And you can see like here's the identity, identity, identity, the user.md. the user.md. the user.md. It knows my name is Riley Brown. And It knows my name is Riley Brown. And It knows my name is Riley Brown. And when I first set it up, it sets up with when I first set it up, it sets up with when I first set it up, it sets up with my email. And so, it actually went in to my email. And so, it actually went in to my email. And so, it actually went in to my integrations. Actually learned about my integrations. Actually learned about my integrations. Actually learned about me just based on my email. me just based on my email. me just based on my email. name CJ. My account is and then we can name CJ. My account is and then we can name CJ. My account is and then we can actually just go to YouTube real quick actually just go to YouTube real quick actually just go to YouTube real quick and we can snag the URL or we can tell and we can snag the URL or we can tell and we can snag the URL or we can tell it to look it up, but I can just go it to look it up, but I can just go it to look it up, but I can just go Riley Brown and uh Riley Brown and uh Riley Brown and uh &gt;&gt; As you do it, what comes to mind? It is &gt;&gt; As you do it, what comes to mind? It is &gt;&gt; As you do it, what comes to mind? It is like having It's like onboarding an like having It's like onboarding an like having It's like onboarding an employee. I think if you had like an employee. I think if you had like an employee. I think if you had like an employee joining your organization or employee joining your organization or employee joining your organization or your team at work, like all of the your team at work, like all of the your team at work, like all of the things that you would have to share so things that you would have to share so things that you would have to share so that they could then go and do their that they could then go and do their that they could then go and do their job. job. job. &gt;&gt; Yes. And &gt;&gt; Yes. And &gt;&gt; Yes. And And you're always doing So, when you And you're always doing So, when you And you're always doing So, when you asked earlier you said like, is prompt asked earlier you said like, is prompt asked earlier you said like, is prompt engineering a real engineering a real engineering a real profession? And I would say no. You profession? And I would say no. You profession? And I would say no. You know, and um know, and um know, and um What it's uh someone came up, I think it What it's uh someone came up, I think it What it's uh someone came up, I think it was Andre Karpathy. He started talking was Andre Karpathy. He started talking was Andre Karpathy. He started talking about how it's context engineering. It's about how it's context engineering. It's about how it's context engineering. It's not prompt engineering, it's context not prompt engineering, it's context not prompt engineering, it's context engineering. And so your goal whenever engineering. And so your goal whenever engineering. And so your goal whenever you're onboarding an agent or working you're onboarding an agent or working you're onboarding an agent or working with an agent, you want it to be aware with an agent, you want it to be aware with an agent, you want it to be aware of context. You want to guide it to the of context. You want to guide it to the of context. You want to guide it to the right context. And let me show you what right context. And let me show you what right context. And let me show you what I mean by this. I mean by this. I mean by this. I think, you know, we're onboarding this I think, you know, we're onboarding this I think, you know, we're onboarding this guy to help me grow my YouTube, right? guy to help me grow my YouTube, right? guy to help me grow my YouTube, right? I've grown from 40K subs to 200K subs uh I've grown from 40K subs to 200K subs uh I've grown from 40K subs to 200K subs uh last year. This year I want to go I want last year. This year I want to go I want last year. This year I want to go I want to get to 500K, let's say. Um to get to 500K, let's say. Um to get to 500K, let's say. Um if I'm onboarding this person, I want if I'm onboarding this person, I want if I'm onboarding this person, I want them to understand my goals, right? In them to understand my goals, right? In them to understand my goals, right? In in order for it to suggest good videos in order for it to suggest good videos in order for it to suggest good videos to make, it should know my last 10 to make, it should know my last 10 to make, it should know my last 10 videos. It should know the transcript. videos. It should know the transcript. videos. It should know the transcript. It should know these things. Well, guess It should know these things. Well, guess It should know these things. Well, guess what? All of that is built into Open what? All of that is built into Open what? All of that is built into Open Claw like Open Claw. And so when you use Claw like Open Claw. And so when you use Claw like Open Claw. And so when you use like Chorus on Chorus, they have like a like Chorus on Chorus, they have like a like Chorus on Chorus, they have like a skill here. This super data allows you skill here. This super data allows you skill here. This super data allows you to just find any link on YouTube and to just find any link on YouTube and to just find any link on YouTube and immediately convert it into a immediately convert it into a immediately convert it into a transcript. And so I can say, "Please transcript. And so I can say, "Please transcript. And so I can say, "Please look at my channel. Please look at my look at my channel. Please look at my look at my channel. Please look at my last uh 10 videos last uh 10 videos last uh 10 videos and summarize and summarize and summarize my my my um um um my interests, my interests, my interests, my teaching style, my teaching style, my teaching style, and my hooks. You know, this will take a and my hooks. You know, this will take a and my hooks. You know, this will take a little bit longer, right? Cuz it has to little bit longer, right? Cuz it has to little bit longer, right? Cuz it has to do all of this these tasks. And like I do all of this these tasks. And like I do all of this these tasks. And like I said, you know, if we go back to um if I said, you know, if we go back to um if I said, you know, if we go back to um if I go back to this slide right here, right? go back to this slide right here, right? go back to this slide right here, right? You know, soon it's going to be hours You know, soon it's going to be hours You know, soon it's going to be hours that this agent can just work for you. I that this agent can just work for you. I that this agent can just work for you. I mean, this will take 10 minutes, but mean, this will take 10 minutes, but mean, this will take 10 minutes, but like soon you'll be able to give it way like soon you'll be able to give it way like soon you'll be able to give it way longer tasks. Um okay, summarize my longer tasks. Um okay, summarize my longer tasks. Um okay, summarize my interests, teaching style, and anything interests, teaching style, and anything interests, teaching style, and anything that would be relevant uh to you, uh that would be relevant uh to you, uh that would be relevant uh to you, uh relevant to you relevant to you relevant to you um for starting as my assistant. um for starting as my assistant. um for starting as my assistant. Right? Right? Right? &gt;&gt; So one one thing one thing that &gt;&gt; So one one thing one thing that &gt;&gt; So one one thing one thing that immediately comes to mind cuz I immediately comes to mind cuz I immediately comes to mind cuz I literally Riley, I literally did this I literally Riley, I literally did this I literally Riley, I literally did this I want to say 2 weeks ago. Um cuz I was want to say 2 weeks ago. Um cuz I was want to say 2 weeks ago. Um cuz I was trying to get set up on Claude. And I trying to get set up on Claude. And I trying to get set up on Claude. And I wanted to create I wanted to create like wanted to create I wanted to create like wanted to create I wanted to create like a project which had this context on me. a project which had this context on me. a project which had this context on me. And so I had to go into my YouTube And so I had to go into my YouTube And so I had to go into my YouTube channel, get the most popular videos, channel, get the most popular videos, channel, get the most popular videos, figure out a way to get the transcript. figure out a way to get the transcript. figure out a way to get the transcript. I then had to upload the transcripts I then had to upload the transcripts I then had to upload the transcripts like PDFs one by one into Claude's like like PDFs one by one into Claude's like like PDFs one by one into Claude's like back end so it could it had this back end so it could it had this back end so it could it had this context. If I'm not mistaken, you just context. If I'm not mistaken, you just context. If I'm not mistaken, you just you put super data as one of the skills you put super data as one of the skills you put super data as one of the skills and then you just put the link to your and then you just put the link to your and then you just put the link to your channel channel channel and it's able to go and do that work and it's able to go and do that work and it's able to go and do that work itself. itself. itself. &gt;&gt; Yes, [snorts] it would have found it &gt;&gt; Yes, [snorts] it would have found it &gt;&gt; Yes, [snorts] it would have found it regardless. I could have said, "Hey, my regardless. I could have said, "Hey, my regardless. I could have said, "Hey, my name is Riley Brown. I make content on name is Riley Brown. I make content on name is Riley Brown. I make content on AI." Like it would have gone and AI." Like it would have gone and AI." Like it would have gone and searched. It would have figured out a searched. It would have figured out a searched. It would have figured out a way to find that information. way to find that information. way to find that information. Um Um Um Yeah, like look, it's like saying like Yeah, like look, it's like saying like Yeah, like look, it's like saying like now let me pull transcripts from a few now let me pull transcripts from a few now let me pull transcripts from a few ones and I'll analyze it. And you see ones and I'll analyze it. And you see ones and I'll analyze it. And you see it's just kind of going at its own it's just kind of going at its own it's just kind of going at its own thing. Like it's still working. And thing. Like it's still working. And thing. Like it's still working. And what's cool about this what's cool about this what's cool about this um um um what's cool about this is soon, you know what's cool about this is soon, you know what's cool about this is soon, you know how like we're adding skills and then how like we're adding skills and then how like we're adding skills and then using it? Soon, these AI models, you'll using it? Soon, these AI models, you'll using it? Soon, these AI models, you'll give it a long task and in the same give it a long task and in the same give it a long task and in the same response, it'll add the skills it needs response, it'll add the skills it needs response, it'll add the skills it needs and then it will use them in the same and then it will use them in the same and then it will use them in the same like run. So it'll it'll get a skill and like run. So it'll it'll get a skill and like run. So it'll it'll get a skill and use it in the same run. So like you use it in the same run. So like you use it in the same run. So like you might give it a long task and you might might give it a long task and you might might give it a long task and you might come back to like a fully completed come back to like a fully completed come back to like a fully completed document of whatever you're trying to do document of whatever you're trying to do document of whatever you're trying to do and you'll find out that it gained three and you'll find out that it gained three and you'll find out that it gained three skills in that process. skills in that process. skills in that process. Um which is which is pretty interesting. Um which is which is pretty interesting. Um which is which is pretty interesting. &gt;&gt; So it's almost like it's it's over time, &gt;&gt; So it's almost like it's it's over time, &gt;&gt; So it's almost like it's it's over time, it's just going to get more and more it's just going to get more and more it's just going to get more and more autonomous. And I and I think about what autonomous. And I and I think about what autonomous. And I and I think about what you showed in the beginning in that you showed in the beginning in that you showed in the beginning in that diagram, right? Where you have like the diagram, right? Where you have like the diagram, right? Where you have like the input. It feels like a year ago when I input. It feels like a year ago when I input. It feels like a year ago when I was using Chat GPT or Claude, I had to was using Chat GPT or Claude, I had to was using Chat GPT or Claude, I had to put so much input and so much context put so much input and so much context put so much input and so much context and like give it all of these things so and like give it all of these things so and like give it all of these things so it could give me the output it could give me the output it could give me the output I wanted. It feels like increasingly I wanted. It feels like increasingly I wanted. It feels like increasingly over time, we're getting to the point over time, we're getting to the point over time, we're getting to the point where you just state the outcome that where you just state the outcome that where you just state the outcome that you want, which is like I want to grow you want, which is like I want to grow you want, which is like I want to grow my YouTube, it will make sure that it my YouTube, it will make sure that it my YouTube, it will make sure that it has everything it needs and the context has everything it needs and the context has everything it needs and the context and transcripts and skills in order to and transcripts and skills in order to and transcripts and skills in order to achieve that outcome. achieve that outcome. achieve that outcome. &gt;&gt; Yes, and your job now, while it's still &gt;&gt; Yes, and your job now, while it's still &gt;&gt; Yes, and your job now, while it's still not perfect, right? It's not superhuman not perfect, right? It's not superhuman not perfect, right? It's not superhuman intelligence, it doesn't just have intelligence, it doesn't just have intelligence, it doesn't just have control over everything, is you just control over everything, is you just control over everything, is you just want to be able to monitor its outputs want to be able to monitor its outputs want to be able to monitor its outputs and be like, okay, what context would and be like, okay, what context would and be like, okay, what context would have been more useful? And what you can have been more useful? And what you can have been more useful? And what you can do the reason so these skills are almost do the reason so these skills are almost do the reason so these skills are almost like recipes or you can think of them as like recipes or you can think of them as like recipes or you can think of them as just standard operating procedures. You just standard operating procedures. You just standard operating procedures. You know, I have an SOP for everything in my know, I have an SOP for everything in my know, I have an SOP for everything in my content pipeline, like the way my editor content pipeline, like the way my editor content pipeline, like the way my editor edits my videos, edits my videos, edits my videos, there's a standard operating procedure there's a standard operating procedure there's a standard operating procedure and you can figure out where the agent and you can figure out where the agent and you can figure out where the agent commonly makes mistakes and then you can commonly makes mistakes and then you can commonly makes mistakes and then you can go in and just change the skill file. go in and just change the skill file. go in and just change the skill file. Yes, I can just automatically install Yes, I can just automatically install Yes, I can just automatically install these, but I can also come in here and these, but I can also come in here and these, but I can also come in here and edit the skill directly, right? You can edit the skill directly, right? You can edit the skill directly, right? You can you can literally edit the skill. And so you can literally edit the skill. And so you can literally edit the skill. And so you might just put you know, you can you might just put you know, you can you might just put you know, you can create your own skill and make it a um create your own skill and make it a um create your own skill and make it a um and make it um a standard operating and make it um a standard operating and make it um a standard operating procedure and then when you notice the procedure and then when you notice the procedure and then when you notice the AI make mistakes, you just include it in AI make mistakes, you just include it in AI make mistakes, you just include it in the skill so that it doesn't make a the skill so that it doesn't make a the skill so that it doesn't make a mistake in the future. And so the game mistake in the future. And so the game mistake in the future. And so the game is not only stating the outcome, but is not only stating the outcome, but is not only stating the outcome, but it's also evaluating the outcome based it's also evaluating the outcome based it's also evaluating the outcome based on what you wanted, right? Which is on what you wanted, right? Which is on what you wanted, right? Which is called evals. You know, a lot of there's called evals. You know, a lot of there's called evals. You know, a lot of there's a lot of companies that a lot of companies that a lot of companies that um all they do is they focus on evals, um all they do is they focus on evals, um all they do is they focus on evals, like evaluating how good your output is like evaluating how good your output is like evaluating how good your output is and depending on that, you're just kind and depending on that, you're just kind and depending on that, you're just kind of changing the prompting or the skill. of changing the prompting or the skill. of changing the prompting or the skill. And so And so And so or the skill file. So that's the game. or the skill file. So that's the game. or the skill file. So that's the game. It's like, what do you want? What did It's like, what do you want? What did It's like, what do you want? What did you get? How do you improve the the the you get? How do you improve the the the you get? How do you improve the the the prompt or or the system so that it gets prompt or or the system so that it gets prompt or or the system so that it gets closer to what you want? closer to what you want? closer to what you want? &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. You know, as it's as it's working You know, as it's as it's working You know, as it's as it's working through this because I know that through this because I know that through this because I know that &gt;&gt; done, I believe. &gt;&gt; done, I believe. &gt;&gt; done, I believe. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; Um Yeah, so here it just it created So Yeah, so here it just it created So Yeah, so here it just it created So again, this is this is all really good. again, this is this is all really good. again, this is this is all really good. So as you can see here, you have the So as you can see here, you have the So as you can see here, you have the home file and if we click on this, you home file and if we click on this, you home file and if we click on this, you see that the sub file here is memory, see that the sub file here is memory, see that the sub file here is memory, and then it just logged this on 4 2. So, and then it just logged this on 4 2. So, and then it just logged this on 4 2. So, when the agent deems that it is when the agent deems that it is when the agent deems that it is important to log a memory, it just logs important to log a memory, it just logs important to log a memory, it just logs the memory, right? We're talking to this the memory, right? We're talking to this the memory, right? We're talking to this agent, and then it just creates a file agent, and then it just creates a file agent, and then it just creates a file in the computer that it's running in, in the computer that it's running in, in the computer that it's running in, right? And you can see here, it's like right? And you can see here, it's like right? And you can see here, it's like session start, channel analytics, um and session start, channel analytics, um and session start, channel analytics, um and it's like hook patterns, bold claim it's like hook patterns, bold claim it's like hook patterns, bold claim proof pattern, cuz it analyzed all of my proof pattern, cuz it analyzed all of my proof pattern, cuz it analyzed all of my um um um my It analyzed 10 transcripts. It pulled my It analyzed 10 transcripts. It pulled my It analyzed 10 transcripts. It pulled 10 transcripts, these videos right here, 10 transcripts, these videos right here, 10 transcripts, these videos right here, and these are all of my recent um uh and these are all of my recent um uh and these are all of my recent um uh videos. And then I can say, "Please make videos. And then I can say, "Please make videos. And then I can say, "Please make this a website uh with a public link I this a website uh with a public link I this a website uh with a public link I can send public link I can send uh to can send public link I can send uh to can send public link I can send uh to friends friends friends um um um with with with um um um with with with uh hooks written in full of my top five uh hooks written in full of my top five uh hooks written in full of my top five videos from this. Create a report." videos from this. Create a report." videos from this. Create a report." &gt;&gt; You &gt;&gt; You &gt;&gt; You &gt;&gt; And so, &gt;&gt; And so, &gt;&gt; And so, &gt;&gt; as it's doing that, you cuz you &gt;&gt; as it's doing that, you cuz you &gt;&gt; as it's doing that, you cuz you mentioned memory, like the significance mentioned memory, like the significance mentioned memory, like the significance of memory. of memory. of memory. Can you explain, first of all, what Can you explain, first of all, what Can you explain, first of all, what memory is, and then as we get further memory is, and then as we get further memory is, and then as we get further along the process, like we get deeper in along the process, like we get deeper in along the process, like we get deeper in the process, the process, the process, what is the impact, like what is the what is the impact, like what is the what is the impact, like what is the the the impact, to be honest, of it the the impact, to be honest, of it the the impact, to be honest, of it having memory? having memory? having memory? &gt;&gt; So, what we talked about why Open Claw &gt;&gt; So, what we talked about why Open Claw &gt;&gt; So, what we talked about why Open Claw was super useful, and the first thing was super useful, and the first thing was super useful, and the first thing was the fact that it made it super easy was the fact that it made it super easy was the fact that it made it super easy to for you to connect it to to for you to connect it to to for you to connect it to um like Intercom and and Telegram, etc., um like Intercom and and Telegram, etc., um like Intercom and and Telegram, etc., and all of your emails, and basically and all of your emails, and basically and all of your emails, and basically everything that you already use. And everything that you already use. And everything that you already use. And then they made it super easy to install then they made it super easy to install then they made it super easy to install skills. skills. skills. The third thing that it did is they had The third thing that it did is they had The third thing that it did is they had it automatically just log um it automatically just log um it automatically just log um log memory files. And so, if you go into log memory files. And so, if you go into log memory files. And so, if you go into the files, you see a file, like we see the files, you see a file, like we see the files, you see a file, like we see here, right? The top one is just memory. here, right? The top one is just memory. here, right? The top one is just memory. It has a memory folder. When it does It has a memory folder. When it does It has a memory folder. When it does something important that like maybe it's something important that like maybe it's something important that like maybe it's the like based on its system prompt of the like based on its system prompt of the like based on its system prompt of OpenClaw, it'll just log memories. The OpenClaw, it'll just log memories. The OpenClaw, it'll just log memories. The reason that's important is you may ask reason that's important is you may ask reason that's important is you may ask your agent to do a task 3 months from your agent to do a task 3 months from your agent to do a task 3 months from now. And what it can do is it can just now. And what it can do is it can just now. And what it can do is it can just search the memory, right? It can just go search the memory, right? It can just go search the memory, right? It can just go back to the memory files and it can back to the memory files and it can back to the memory files and it can actually figure out what you've done actually figure out what you've done actually figure out what you've done previously. And that can actually help previously. And that can actually help previously. And that can actually help it, right? It'll just log its own it, right? It'll just log its own it, right? It'll just log its own insights. Or, you know, and and part of insights. Or, you know, and and part of insights. Or, you know, and and part of being a good prompter or being good with being a good prompter or being good with being a good prompter or being good with AI agents right now is um AI agents right now is um AI agents right now is um is basically is basically is basically if something is important, you can say if something is important, you can say if something is important, you can say like I want you to always remember this. like I want you to always remember this. like I want you to always remember this. Please always remember this. And so, it Please always remember this. And so, it Please always remember this. And so, it can it'll either log it in the skills can it'll either log it in the skills can it'll either log it in the skills file if it if you have a specific skill file if it if you have a specific skill file if it if you have a specific skill it can attach a memory to, it'll do it can attach a memory to, it'll do it can attach a memory to, it'll do that, or it'll just log these memory that, or it'll just log these memory that, or it'll just log these memory files, which it will check um often. And files, which it will check um often. And files, which it will check um often. And as AI models get better, it'll actually as AI models get better, it'll actually as AI models get better, it'll actually get better and better at using memory. get better and better at using memory. get better and better at using memory. And so, And so, And so, an AI model that just kind of remembers an AI model that just kind of remembers an AI model that just kind of remembers things is way more useful than one that things is way more useful than one that things is way more useful than one that doesn't. Does that make sense? doesn't. Does that make sense? doesn't. Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; Yeah. And it's also &gt;&gt; Yeah. And it's also &gt;&gt; Yeah. And it's also also what comes to mind for me, also what comes to mind for me, also what comes to mind for me, as you continue to use the agent, it's as you continue to use the agent, it's as you continue to use the agent, it's going to get more useful for your going to get more useful for your going to get more useful for your company cuz it's going to remember company cuz it's going to remember company cuz it's going to remember certain pieces of data and information certain pieces of data and information certain pieces of data and information and then be able to like hearken on that and then be able to like hearken on that and then be able to like hearken on that in the future. in the future. in the future. &gt;&gt; Yes, 100%. Here, it's done with the &gt;&gt; Yes, 100%. Here, it's done with the &gt;&gt; Yes, 100%. Here, it's done with the website. So, we can click on this. Boom. website. So, we can click on this. Boom. website. So, we can click on this. Boom. So, look at this. So, I told it to So, look at this. So, I told it to So, look at this. So, I told it to create this report, right? And, you create this report, right? And, you create this report, right? And, you know, it's know, it's know, it's it's just top five videos with opening it's just top five videos with opening it's just top five videos with opening hooks. So, I gave OpenA OpenClaw blender hooks. So, I gave OpenA OpenClaw blender hooks. So, I gave OpenA OpenClaw blender skills and look, it probably skills and look, it probably skills and look, it probably automatically embedded the link into it. automatically embedded the link into it. automatically embedded the link into it. Yep. There you go. So, like you can just Yep. There you go. So, like you can just Yep. There you go. So, like you can just click on it. You have the links. Here it click on it. You have the links. Here it click on it. You have the links. Here it has the exact hook that I used. Today has the exact hook that I used. Today has the exact hook that I used. Today we're going to dive into the most viral we're going to dive into the most viral we're going to dive into the most viral AI tools. Open claw. Yep, this is the AI tools. Open claw. Yep, this is the AI tools. Open claw. Yep, this is the exact hook, right? It has the amount of exact hook, right? It has the amount of exact hook, right? It has the amount of views, the likes, 15 minutes. views, the likes, 15 minutes. views, the likes, 15 minutes. One integration I'm I'm working on, it's One integration I'm I'm working on, it's One integration I'm I'm working on, it's actually hard to set up, is your YouTube actually hard to set up, is your YouTube actually hard to set up, is your YouTube analytics platform, which actually has analytics platform, which actually has analytics platform, which actually has all of the retention data. So, you know all of the retention data. So, you know all of the retention data. So, you know how like Mr. Beast relentlessly analyzes how like Mr. Beast relentlessly analyzes how like Mr. Beast relentlessly analyzes your retention, his retention, and sees your retention, his retention, and sees your retention, his retention, and sees where people drop off. I'm sure you do where people drop off. I'm sure you do where people drop off. I'm sure you do the same. Like, your intros are for your the same. Like, your intros are for your the same. Like, your intros are for your podcast are excellent, and you probably podcast are excellent, and you probably podcast are excellent, and you probably found that like when you do an intro found that like when you do an intro found that like when you do an intro like this, you have better retention. like this, you have better retention. like this, you have better retention. When you have an intro like this, you When you have an intro like this, you When you have an intro like this, you might get worse retention. Your AI agent might get worse retention. Your AI agent might get worse retention. Your AI agent will actually be able to just analyze will actually be able to just analyze will actually be able to just analyze all of that data. And so, if you give it all of that data. And so, if you give it all of that data. And so, if you give it a long enough time horizon to work, you a long enough time horizon to work, you a long enough time horizon to work, you know, and maybe you want to give it 3 know, and maybe you want to give it 3 know, and maybe you want to give it 3 hours to um and we'll talk about hours to um and we'll talk about hours to um and we'll talk about creating these super long workflows in a creating these super long workflows in a creating these super long workflows in a bit. Um you can have it analyze. Be bit. Um you can have it analyze. Be bit. Um you can have it analyze. Be like, "Okay, find Look at all of my like, "Okay, find Look at all of my like, "Okay, find Look at all of my videos I made in the last 6 months. videos I made in the last 6 months. videos I made in the last 6 months. Analyze the hook and the retention, and Analyze the hook and the retention, and Analyze the hook and the retention, and figure out where like what videos were figure out where like what videos were figure out where like what videos were the best, what videos were the worst." the best, what videos were the worst." the best, what videos were the worst." And it will give you a great It'll And it will give you a great It'll And it will give you a great It'll surprise you. It'll give you a really surprise you. It'll give you a really surprise you. It'll give you a really great response. The problem is is that great response. The problem is is that great response. The problem is is that integration right now is a little bit integration right now is a little bit integration right now is a little bit hard to set up, but um hard to set up, but um hard to set up, but um uh I figured out how to make it easier, uh I figured out how to make it easier, uh I figured out how to make it easier, so so so I'll be talking about that in the I'll be talking about that in the I'll be talking about that in the future. Um but like here, hook patterns future. Um but like here, hook patterns future. Um but like here, hook patterns that work. Bold claim plus live proof. that work. Bold claim plus live proof. that work. Bold claim plus live proof. Everyone's doing it wrong. Replace Everyone's doing it wrong. Replace Everyone's doing it wrong. Replace expensive thing. I built X without Y. Um expensive thing. I built X without Y. Um expensive thing. I built X without Y. Um And then here it has teaching style, and And then here it has teaching style, and And then here it has teaching style, and like this is just a website. And like I like this is just a website. And like I like this is just a website. And like I could literally send you this this link could literally send you this this link could literally send you this this link right here, and it will just work. Um right here, and it will just work. Um right here, and it will just work. Um and so, these get stored I think these and so, these get stored I think these and so, these get stored I think these get stored HTML file. Um yeah, so this get stored HTML file. Um yeah, so this get stored HTML file. Um yeah, so this is just in your public folder. And is just in your public folder. And is just in your public folder. And again, all of your apps will just go in again, all of your apps will just go in again, all of your apps will just go in this public folder, and you can open this public folder, and you can open this public folder, and you can open them up at any time. You just click on them up at any time. You just click on them up at any time. You just click on it. Um and so, it. Um and so, it. Um and so, the same way you can have the same way you can have the same way you can have uh little apps on a real your real uh little apps on a real your real uh little apps on a real your real computer, right? I go to my dock, I have computer, right? I go to my dock, I have computer, right? I go to my dock, I have all these apps running. I can have all these apps running. I can have all these apps running. I can have little apps in my virtual computer that little apps in my virtual computer that little apps in my virtual computer that my agent can create, which is super fun. my agent can create, which is super fun. my agent can create, which is super fun. And this is just a single file, but this And this is just a single file, but this And this is just a single file, but this is super useful. is super useful. is super useful. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, I'm I'm curious now, &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, I'm I'm curious now, &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, I'm I'm curious now, Riley, because um Riley, because um Riley, because um and obviously you can share as much as and obviously you can share as much as and obviously you can share as much as you want, but you want, but you want, but looking at your channel in the last 5 looking at your channel in the last 5 looking at your channel in the last 5 I'd say the last 5 to 6 weeks, there's I'd say the last 5 to 6 weeks, there's I'd say the last 5 to 6 weeks, there's been like a spike even in the been like a spike even in the been like a spike even in the performance of your videos. performance of your videos. performance of your videos. How much have you been using OpenClaw How much have you been using OpenClaw How much have you been using OpenClaw and like insights from these agents and like insights from these agents and like insights from these agents to actually help inform what videos to actually help inform what videos to actually help inform what videos you're creating and I don't know, the you're creating and I don't know, the you're creating and I don't know, the scripting and the thumbnails and the scripting and the thumbnails and the scripting and the thumbnails and the packaging. Like how much is packaging. Like how much is packaging. Like how much is OpenClaw responsible for that OpenClaw responsible for that OpenClaw responsible for that performance? performance? performance? &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; Um how much is it responsible for the how much is it responsible for the how much is it responsible for the performance? You know, I maybe it's a performance? You know, I maybe it's a performance? You know, I maybe it's a 10% increase in um quality of video. So, 10% increase in um quality of video. So, 10% increase in um quality of video. So, I do have OpenClaw writes on my hooks. I do have OpenClaw writes on my hooks. I do have OpenClaw writes on my hooks. The way that I I think of my video, I The way that I I think of my video, I The way that I I think of my video, I think of my content, my content's pretty think of my content, my content's pretty think of my content, my content's pretty raw. I like to talk, I like to go on raw. I like to talk, I like to go on raw. I like to talk, I like to go on tangents, I like to show my screen. Uh tangents, I like to show my screen. Uh tangents, I like to show my screen. Uh so, I decide what the most valuable so, I decide what the most valuable so, I decide what the most valuable thing I can share is, but actually I get thing I can share is, but actually I get thing I can share is, but actually I get a lot of those insights from my YouTube a lot of those insights from my YouTube a lot of those insights from my YouTube comment analyzer. I actually just comment analyzer. I actually just comment analyzer. I actually just realized it's probably more important realized it's probably more important realized it's probably more important than I think, cuz like you said or um than I think, cuz like you said or um than I think, cuz like you said or um like I like I said earlier, I do have like I like I said earlier, I do have like I like I said earlier, I do have that automation that goes every week that automation that goes every week that automation that goes every week that tells me exactly what people are that tells me exactly what people are that tells me exactly what people are asking questions on, and that's actually asking questions on, and that's actually asking questions on, and that's actually how I came up with um this specialized how I came up with um this specialized how I came up with um this specialized agents. Because people were like, "Oh, I agents. Because people were like, "Oh, I agents. Because people were like, "Oh, I added too many skills. Like how do I How added too many skills. Like how do I How added too many skills. Like how do I How do I manage the amount of skills?" And do I manage the amount of skills?" And do I manage the amount of skills?" And so, I made a video dedicated to that. so, I made a video dedicated to that. so, I made a video dedicated to that. Boom, 100K views. So, actually more. Boom, 100K views. So, actually more. Boom, 100K views. So, actually more. It's It really helps my decision-making, It's It really helps my decision-making, It's It really helps my decision-making, but what I'll do is I'll outline the but what I'll do is I'll outline the but what I'll do is I'll outline the whole video that I'm going to make, and whole video that I'm going to make, and whole video that I'm going to make, and then I'll film the whole video, and then then I'll film the whole video, and then then I'll film the whole video, and then I'll film the intro, and I'll you And I'll film the intro, and I'll you And I'll film the intro, and I'll you And now I have a workflow that like I feed now I have a workflow that like I feed now I have a workflow that like I feed it the transcript of my of the like the it the transcript of my of the like the it the transcript of my of the like the body of like, you know, the 40 minutes body of like, you know, the 40 minutes body of like, you know, the 40 minutes that I filmed for my video, and I say, that I filmed for my video, and I say, that I filmed for my video, and I say, "Come up with an intro." It'll analyze "Come up with an intro." It'll analyze "Come up with an intro." It'll analyze all of my best performing intros, and all of my best performing intros, and all of my best performing intros, and then it will just write the intro. Maybe then it will just write the intro. Maybe then it will just write the intro. Maybe I'll make a few tweaks, and then I'll I'll make a few tweaks, and then I'll I'll make a few tweaks, and then I'll just film it on my teleprompter. And I just film it on my teleprompter. And I just film it on my teleprompter. And I I'm actually talking to you using a I'm actually talking to you using a I'm actually talking to you using a teleprompter right now. And so, yeah, teleprompter right now. And so, yeah, teleprompter right now. And so, yeah, maybe it's actually like maybe it's actually like maybe it's actually like pretty important, and I didn't even pretty important, and I didn't even pretty important, and I didn't even realize it. realize it. realize it. &gt;&gt; Um that's fascinating. &gt;&gt; Um that's fascinating. &gt;&gt; Um that's fascinating. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; That's fascinating. &gt;&gt; That's fascinating. &gt;&gt; That's fascinating. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; Um Yeah, what else do I want to show? Okay, Yeah, what else do I want to show? Okay, Yeah, what else do I want to show? Okay, um if you don't mind, I would love to um if you don't mind, I would love to um if you don't mind, I would love to kind of go over cron jobs, because this kind of go over cron jobs, because this kind of go over cron jobs, because this is part This is, I think, one of the is part This is, I think, one of the is part This is, I think, one of the most important things. Um most important things. Um most important things. Um And also, actually, first, let me show And also, actually, first, let me show And also, actually, first, let me show you something. So, what we can do here you something. So, what we can do here you something. So, what we can do here is, let's say you use Telegram. So, this is, let's say you use Telegram. So, this is, let's say you use Telegram. So, this is Telegram right here. is Telegram right here. is Telegram right here. And um And um And um all you do, all you do, all you do, uh if you want to like add a new uh if you want to like add a new uh if you want to like add a new account, account, account, right? This process is going to get a right? This process is going to get a right? This process is going to get a lot easier, I think. I think Telegram's lot easier, I think. I think Telegram's lot easier, I think. I think Telegram's just going to kind of add it. Right? just going to kind of add it. Right? just going to kind of add it. Right? They have this weird feature where you They have this weird feature where you They have this weird feature where you have to go to BotFather, and you have to have to go to BotFather, and you have to have to go to BotFather, and you have to hit like new bot, and then it'll um and hit like new bot, and then it'll um and hit like new bot, and then it'll um and then you name it, right? I'll just say then you name it, right? I'll just say then you name it, right? I'll just say um you don't actually like um you don't actually like um you don't actually like you can just say like uh CJ, and then it you can just say like uh CJ, and then it you can just say like uh CJ, and then it You have to give it a name for a bot, You have to give it a name for a bot, You have to give it a name for a bot, like I'll call this like YouTube like I'll call this like YouTube like I'll call this like YouTube assistant guy assistant guy assistant guy um bot. um bot. um bot. And so, that's just an example of a way And so, that's just an example of a way And so, that's just an example of a way to connect it to Telegram. And so, we to connect it to Telegram. And so, we to connect it to Telegram. And so, we can just immediately connect it to can just immediately connect it to can just immediately connect it to Telegram. The agent will then say, Telegram. The agent will then say, Telegram. The agent will then say, "Okay, let's get started," and it will "Okay, let's get started," and it will "Okay, let's get started," and it will actually just configure it. You can say, actually just configure it. You can say, actually just configure it. You can say, "Hi, are you uh live?" "Hi, are you uh live?" "Hi, are you uh live?" Um See? CJ's already typing, right? And Um See? CJ's already typing, right? And Um See? CJ's already typing, right? And um you say, "Yep, alive and beautiful. um you say, "Yep, alive and beautiful. um you say, "Yep, alive and beautiful. What's up, Riley?" It already knows me. What's up, Riley?" It already knows me. What's up, Riley?" It already knows me. So, this is a channel that I already So, this is a channel that I already So, this is a channel that I already use. The agent is alive in Telegram. use. The agent is alive in Telegram. use. The agent is alive in Telegram. &gt;&gt; So, if you if you if you had it &gt;&gt; So, if you if you if you had it &gt;&gt; So, if you if you if you had it installed on your phone, like Telegram, installed on your phone, like Telegram, installed on your phone, like Telegram, and you go into the app, you could see and you go into the app, you could see and you go into the app, you could see conversations, or even in like a group conversations, or even in like a group conversations, or even in like a group chat. You would be able to see this chat. You would be able to see this chat. You would be able to see this agent that you've set up, like its agent that you've set up, like its agent that you've set up, like its responses, like a conversation. responses, like a conversation. responses, like a conversation. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, yeah. It This is my agent. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, yeah. It This is my agent. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, yeah. It This is my agent. And so, I can say like, "Hey, um And so, I can say like, "Hey, um And so, I can say like, "Hey, um like I could like I could like I could and so like we could whatever we do and so like we could whatever we do and so like we could whatever we do here, right? We can go to skills. I here, right? We can go to skills. I here, right? We can go to skills. I actually don't know if we connected. actually don't know if we connected. actually don't know if we connected. Yeah, I didn't connect my um what's Yeah, I didn't connect my um what's Yeah, I didn't connect my um what's really important for me is connecting really important for me is connecting really important for me is connecting notion, right? Look at how easy setting notion, right? Look at how easy setting notion, right? Look at how easy setting up notion is. up notion is. up notion is. Boom. This is my studio team. Boom, Boom. This is my studio team. Boom, Boom. This is my studio team. Boom, done, right? If we create a new chat and done, right? If we create a new chat and done, right? If we create a new chat and there's skill available. So here based there's skill available. So here based there's skill available. So here based on the connections, it has recommended on the connections, it has recommended on the connections, it has recommended skills for those connections. And so you skills for those connections. And so you skills for those connections. And so you can just hit install, right? And so now can just hit install, right? And so now can just hit install, right? And so now it installed the it installed the it installed the Here it installed the Google skill. Um Here it installed the Google skill. Um Here it installed the Google skill. Um here we have the notion skill. So we can here we have the notion skill. So we can here we have the notion skill. So we can just immediately use notion. And so if just immediately use notion. And so if just immediately use notion. And so if we go to the main chat actually let's go we go to the main chat actually let's go we go to the main chat actually let's go to this chat right here. Um to this chat right here. Um to this chat right here. Um like like like one thing that you can do if you want to one thing that you can do if you want to one thing that you can do if you want to like reset your chat. This is when you like reset your chat. This is when you like reset your chat. This is when you get kind of deeper into kind of the get kind of deeper into kind of the get kind of deeper into kind of the slash commands. You can like reset your slash commands. You can like reset your slash commands. You can like reset your agent, right? There's a lot of things agent, right? There's a lot of things agent, right? There's a lot of things that you can learn. Um now what we can that you can learn. Um now what we can that you can learn. Um now what we can do is we can say do is we can say do is we can say um I'm going to say first of all, do you um I'm going to say first of all, do you um I'm going to say first of all, do you have access to notion? I always like to have access to notion? I always like to have access to notion? I always like to check. Sometimes it takes a little bit check. Sometimes it takes a little bit check. Sometimes it takes a little bit longer to like set up the skill. Uh I longer to like set up the skill. Uh I longer to like set up the skill. Uh I can say I just added the integration can say I just added the integration can say I just added the integration and skill. and skill. and skill. &gt;&gt; Can you share like &gt;&gt; Can you share like &gt;&gt; Can you share like what are examples of how you're using it what are examples of how you're using it what are examples of how you're using it with notion? Like what's the what's the with notion? Like what's the what's the with notion? Like what's the what's the value of that integration? value of that integration? value of that integration? &gt;&gt; So &gt;&gt; So &gt;&gt; So again, my notion again, my notion again, my notion um we can bring up notion real quick. So um we can bring up notion real quick. So um we can bring up notion real quick. So um um um here here here &gt;&gt; It's like your content database. &gt;&gt; It's like your content database. &gt;&gt; It's like your content database. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we have a content database, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we have a content database, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we have a content database, right? On my table, if it shows the ones that On my table, if it shows the ones that On my table, if it shows the ones that are like it's just all of my content are like it's just all of my content are like it's just all of my content that I've ever created. And I even in that I've ever created. And I even in that I've ever created. And I even in here I have all the comments. So first here I have all the comments. So first here I have all the comments. So first of all, it can actually just like add of all, it can actually just like add of all, it can actually just like add stuff to notion here. So let's say hmm, stuff to notion here. So let's say hmm, stuff to notion here. So let's say hmm, not seeing a notion skill. Interesting. not seeing a notion skill. Interesting. not seeing a notion skill. Interesting. Um um added added added Sometimes it takes a little bit to Sometimes it takes a little bit to Sometimes it takes a little bit to install. I just added Notion um skills. install. I just added Notion um skills. install. I just added Notion um skills. Maybe we can search Notion Marketplace. Maybe we can search Notion Marketplace. Maybe we can search Notion Marketplace. &gt;&gt; It's actually it's helpful for people to &gt;&gt; It's actually it's helpful for people to &gt;&gt; It's actually it's helpful for people to see this. see this. see this. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. Um and and you just want to make sure Um and and you just want to make sure Um and and you just want to make sure that it just has access to stuff. Like that it just has access to stuff. Like that it just has access to stuff. Like when you add Notion, you want to make when you add Notion, you want to make when you add Notion, you want to make sure that it has access to Notion. I sure that it has access to Notion. I sure that it has access to Notion. I just added Notion. just added Notion. just added Notion. Um Um Um &gt;&gt; And again, it's like strikingly similar &gt;&gt; And again, it's like strikingly similar &gt;&gt; And again, it's like strikingly similar to like having an employee. You know, to like having an employee. You know, to like having an employee. You know, you think you've given them access to a you think you've given them access to a you think you've given them access to a Google Doc or an email or like an Google Doc or an email or like an Google Doc or an email or like an account that they would need, but then account that they would need, but then account that they would need, but then they don't have it. And so you have to they don't have it. And so you have to they don't have it. And so you have to Like that process actually feels very Like that process actually feels very Like that process actually feels very similar of like onboarding an employee. similar of like onboarding an employee. similar of like onboarding an employee. &gt;&gt; Yes, exactly. It's It's very similar. &gt;&gt; Yes, exactly. It's It's very similar. &gt;&gt; Yes, exactly. It's It's very similar. And so I'm going to say, "Can you please And so I'm going to say, "Can you please And so I'm going to say, "Can you please look at" and we can go to You can just look at" and we can go to You can just look at" and we can go to You can just test this out. So this is the Riley test this out. So this is the Riley test this out. So this is the Riley content database. I could give it this content database. I could give it this content database. I could give it this exact link, but it will just go find it. exact link, but it will just go find it. exact link, but it will just go find it. Riley content database, tell me what Riley content database, tell me what Riley content database, tell me what videos I've used recently. Um videos I've used recently. Um videos I've used recently. Um or I've used or and then I can just do I or I've used or and then I can just do I or I've used or and then I can just do I I've I've I've made. I don't know why I said used. So in here. So So in here. So So in here. So what all software companies are doing what all software companies are doing what all software companies are doing right now and what Notion is Notion's right now and what Notion is Notion's right now and what Notion is Notion's becoming an AI-first company. And that becoming an AI-first company. And that becoming an AI-first company. And that doesn't mean like they're adding AI to doesn't mean like they're adding AI to doesn't mean like they're adding AI to their app necessarily, which they are, their app necessarily, which they are, their app necessarily, which they are, but they're also making it readable by but they're also making it readable by but they're also making it readable by any AI agent. So take a look at this, any AI agent. So take a look at this, any AI agent. So take a look at this, right? right? right? Um Um Um you know, here we have like all of the you know, here we have like all of the you know, here we have like all of the content that I've done, right? This is content that I've done, right? This is content that I've done, right? This is already useful. And I can say already useful. And I can say already useful. And I can say um please um please um please So I could say ple- um I have an idea uh So I could say ple- um I have an idea uh So I could say ple- um I have an idea uh for a video. I'm going to make a video for a video. I'm going to make a video for a video. I'm going to make a video on making an AI agent um piano on making an AI agent um piano on making an AI agent um piano instructor. instructor. instructor. Add this to my Notion and make the intro Add this to my Notion and make the intro Add this to my Notion and make the intro for it. Uh make the intro for it based for it. Uh make the intro for it based for it. Uh make the intro for it based on my on my on my uh long-form videos and based on what uh long-form videos and based on what uh long-form videos and based on what you know about me, you know about me, you know about me, know about me in memory. And what you know about me in memory. And what you know about me in memory. And what you can do here, can do here, can do here, um you can actually at mention this is um you can actually at mention this is um you can actually at mention this is kind of more advanced, but like you can kind of more advanced, but like you can kind of more advanced, but like you can just at mention a folder. And so it'll just at mention a folder. And so it'll just at mention a folder. And so it'll actually look in the memory folder. You actually look in the memory folder. You actually look in the memory folder. You don't have to do that. That's more if don't have to do that. That's more if don't have to do that. That's more if you like create markdown files cuz you you like create markdown files cuz you you like create markdown files cuz you can just add folders. Like this is just can just add folders. Like this is just can just add folders. Like this is just a full-on computer, right? I can go into a full-on computer, right? I can go into a full-on computer, right? I can go into uh Sorry, I'm going on in in some uh Sorry, I'm going on in in some uh Sorry, I'm going on in in some different directions, but I just want to different directions, but I just want to different directions, but I just want to make make make I just kind of want to show people that I just kind of want to show people that I just kind of want to show people that like this is like a full-on computer like this is like a full-on computer like this is like a full-on computer that you can just like add things to. So that you can just like add things to. So that you can just like add things to. So like let's say I these screenshots, like let's say I these screenshots, like let's say I these screenshots, let's say these are important. You just let's say these are important. You just let's say these are important. You just drag them in. drag them in. drag them in. And so now you have a computer and you And so now you have a computer and you And so now you have a computer and you can tell the agent to analyze all of can tell the agent to analyze all of can tell the agent to analyze all of your photos and and um rename them based your photos and and um rename them based your photos and and um rename them based on what they are. You know, you can tell on what they are. You know, you can tell on what they are. You know, you can tell the agent to do that. Um but yeah, this the agent to do that. Um but yeah, this the agent to do that. Um but yeah, this is just kind of a segue. It's like this is just kind of a segue. It's like this is just kind of a segue. It's like this is just a full-on computer. Um is just a full-on computer. Um is just a full-on computer. Um but yeah, now it's just going to control but yeah, now it's just going to control but yeah, now it's just going to control notion. And so we can actually probably notion. And so we can actually probably notion. And so we can actually probably see it happen live. I actually don't see it happen live. I actually don't see it happen live. I actually don't know where it's going to add it. know where it's going to add it. know where it's going to add it. Um Um Um but the point is is it can control but the point is is it can control but the point is is it can control your notion. Okay, let me add this to your notion. Okay, let me add this to your notion. Okay, let me add this to notion and write the intro. notion and write the intro. notion and write the intro. Let's see where it adds it. Let's see where it adds it. Let's see where it adds it. &gt;&gt; You know, as it's doing this, the &gt;&gt; You know, as it's doing this, the &gt;&gt; You know, as it's doing this, the question that comes to mind, can you question that comes to mind, can you question that comes to mind, can you actually have these different agents actually have these different agents actually have these different agents interact with one another? So as an interact with one another? So as an interact with one another? So as an example, you have your comment analyzer example, you have your comment analyzer example, you have your comment analyzer on YouTube. Can that agent then almost on YouTube. Can that agent then almost on YouTube. Can that agent then almost like correspond with I don't know, my like correspond with I don't know, my like correspond with I don't know, my content planner for Instagram. Maybe I content planner for Instagram. Maybe I content planner for Instagram. Maybe I want to take a comment that I got on want to take a comment that I got on want to take a comment that I got on YouTube and use that as the basis to YouTube and use that as the basis to YouTube and use that as the basis to create a video that I'm going to post as create a video that I'm going to post as create a video that I'm going to post as a reel on Instagram. Like is there that a reel on Instagram. Like is there that a reel on Instagram. Like is there that level of integration yet between these level of integration yet between these level of integration yet between these different agents. different agents. different agents. &gt;&gt; Yes, and there's many ways to do this. &gt;&gt; Yes, and there's many ways to do this. &gt;&gt; Yes, and there's many ways to do this. First of all, I'll I'll get off this, First of all, I'll I'll get off this, First of all, I'll I'll get off this, but like you can see here, it created but like you can see here, it created but like you can see here, it created this Notion doc, right? Look at this. this Notion doc, right? Look at this. this Notion doc, right? Look at this. I said, AI P piano instructor. It took I said, AI P piano instructor. It took I said, AI P piano instructor. It took all of the things that it knows about all of the things that it knows about all of the things that it knows about me, about my content. And this is the me, about my content. And this is the me, about my content. And this is the exact, you know, obviously this is kind exact, you know, obviously this is kind exact, you know, obviously this is kind of a joke video idea. I'm not going to of a joke video idea. I'm not going to of a joke video idea. I'm not going to make this AI piano instructor, but it's make this AI piano instructor, but it's make this AI piano instructor, but it's like most people are using AI to write like most people are using AI to write like most people are using AI to write emails and summarize documents. emails and summarize documents. emails and summarize documents. Meanwhile, I just built an AI agent that Meanwhile, I just built an AI agent that Meanwhile, I just built an AI agent that can actually teach you how to play can actually teach you how to play can actually teach you how to play piano. It's like the exact vo- like it piano. It's like the exact vo- like it piano. It's like the exact vo- like it is my voice. It knows my how to make is my voice. It knows my how to make is my voice. It knows my how to make intros for me better than I do at this intros for me better than I do at this intros for me better than I do at this point. Um so, okay, that's kind of the point. Um so, okay, that's kind of the point. Um so, okay, that's kind of the first part, right? And it just gave me a first part, right? And it just gave me a first part, right? And it just gave me a link, view in Notion. And it allows me link, view in Notion. And it allows me link, view in Notion. And it allows me to just view it in Notion immediately, to just view it in Notion immediately, to just view it in Notion immediately, which is pretty cool. Um which is pretty cool. Um which is pretty cool. Um to answer your question. Your question to answer your question. Your question to answer your question. Your question was how to get these two communicate. was how to get these two communicate. was how to get these two communicate. In terms of how getting these agents, so In terms of how getting these agents, so In terms of how getting these agents, so like you just asked like like you just asked like like you just asked like if you want your YouTube analyzer agent if you want your YouTube analyzer agent if you want your YouTube analyzer agent and your Instagram and your Instagram and your Instagram &gt;&gt; Like content creator agent. &gt;&gt; Like content creator agent. &gt;&gt; Like content creator agent. &gt;&gt; content scripting agent. &gt;&gt; content scripting agent. &gt;&gt; content scripting agent. &gt;&gt; Yes, I would make those all one agent, &gt;&gt; Yes, I would make those all one agent, &gt;&gt; Yes, I would make those all one agent, first of all. So, I would make them the first of all. So, I would make them the first of all. So, I would make them the same agent with different skills and same agent with different skills and same agent with different skills and like each of these would be different like each of these would be different like each of these would be different tasks and different cron jobs, which tasks and different cron jobs, which tasks and different cron jobs, which we'll get to in just a second. we'll get to in just a second. we'll get to in just a second. Um Um Um So, if you make them the same agent, So, if you make them the same agent, So, if you make them the same agent, it'll just share the same memory, which it'll just share the same memory, which it'll just share the same memory, which is really cool. Like like it'll add is really cool. Like like it'll add is really cool. Like like it'll add things to the same memory, it'll update things to the same memory, it'll update things to the same memory, it'll update its soul.md file its soul.md file its soul.md file and it'll say, these are the list of and it'll say, these are the list of and it'll say, these are the list of things that I commonly do for Riley. Um things that I commonly do for Riley. Um things that I commonly do for Riley. Um and it will just go off and do them, and it will just go off and do them, and it will just go off and do them, which is really cool. Um which is really cool. Um which is really cool. Um and so, that's one way to do it. But if and so, that's one way to do it. But if and so, that's one way to do it. But if you have literally have separate agents, you have literally have separate agents, you have literally have separate agents, the thing that you can do is you can the thing that you can do is you can the thing that you can do is you can have them share a notebook. And so, in have them share a notebook. And so, in have them share a notebook. And so, in Notion, like you could make your agent Notion, like you could make your agent Notion, like you could make your agent log everything in Notion. Like so like log everything in Notion. Like so like log everything in Notion. Like so like let's say whatever your findings are, let's say whatever your findings are, let's say whatever your findings are, right? Let's say it generates a report, right? Let's say it generates a report, right? Let's say it generates a report, you can say, please upload this to you can say, please upload this to you can say, please upload this to Notion and put it in this database. You Notion and put it in this database. You Notion and put it in this database. You could have another agent that also could have another agent that also could have another agent that also stores things in the Notion database and stores things in the Notion database and stores things in the Notion database and it'll mark which agent is which, right? it'll mark which agent is which, right? it'll mark which agent is which, right? It'd say make sure to say to put CJ in It'd say make sure to say to put CJ in It'd say make sure to say to put CJ in for all of your entries. And so if you for all of your entries. And so if you for all of your entries. And so if you do that and you give your agents a do that and you give your agents a do that and you give your agents a shared notebook like on Notion, they shared notebook like on Notion, they shared notebook like on Notion, they both can use it and then they both learn both can use it and then they both learn both can use it and then they both learn from each other. And so that's how I'm from each other. And so that's how I'm from each other. And so that's how I'm seeing companies. I've talked to a lot seeing companies. I've talked to a lot seeing companies. I've talked to a lot of companies and trying to figure out of companies and trying to figure out of companies and trying to figure out how they do it. They have agents, how they do it. They have agents, how they do it. They have agents, different agents that share the same different agents that share the same different agents that share the same always check that always check that always check that every day and it will add relevant every day and it will add relevant every day and it will add relevant information to their computer as memory. information to their computer as memory. information to their computer as memory. Does that make sense? Does that make sense? Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; Yeah. And you know, to to build on that &gt;&gt; Yeah. And you know, to to build on that &gt;&gt; Yeah. And you know, to to build on that point because you said the way that you point because you said the way that you point because you said the way that you would do it, you would just all have it would do it, you would just all have it would do it, you would just all have it within one agent so that they have the within one agent so that they have the within one agent so that they have the same memory. And so do you you think same memory. And so do you you think same memory. And so do you you think about them almost these respective about them almost these respective about them almost these respective agents as like verticals? Like a company agents as like verticals? Like a company agents as like verticals? Like a company would have their content agent. And that would have their content agent. And that would have their content agent. And that would be working on it could be working would be working on it could be working would be working on it could be working on Instagram, TikTok, LinkedIn, YouTube, on Instagram, TikTok, LinkedIn, YouTube, on Instagram, TikTok, LinkedIn, YouTube, but it's like the content vertical. Then but it's like the content vertical. Then but it's like the content vertical. Then you might have, I don't know, the you might have, I don't know, the you might have, I don't know, the customer support agent. Is is that I customer support agent. Is is that I customer support agent. Is is that I guess in your companies and even for you guess in your companies and even for you guess in your companies and even for you personally, is that kind of how you personally, is that kind of how you personally, is that kind of how you separate the different agents in your separate the different agents in your separate the different agents in your mind? mind? mind? &gt;&gt; Yes. I I think I think &gt;&gt; Yes. I I think I think &gt;&gt; Yes. I I think I think I do separate them by vertical or or um I do separate them by vertical or or um I do separate them by vertical or or um I separate them by like I separate them by like I separate them by like what what context is useful to the what what context is useful to the what what context is useful to the agent, right? If agent, right? If agent, right? If if I have an Instagram agent, I think it if I have an Instagram agent, I think it if I have an Instagram agent, I think it would be very relevant to have shared would be very relevant to have shared would be very relevant to have shared context with anything about YouTube. And context with anything about YouTube. And context with anything about YouTube. And I would and or Twitter or anything, I would and or Twitter or anything, I would and or Twitter or anything, right? Because like you've probably right? Because like you've probably right? Because like you've probably figured this out that like what you do figured this out that like what you do figured this out that like what you do on YouTube, you can probably clip or on YouTube, you can probably clip or on YouTube, you can probably clip or take a graphic from and you can put it take a graphic from and you can put it take a graphic from and you can put it on Instagram. And so that those are that on Instagram. And so that those are that on Instagram. And so that those are that context is very relevant, right? I run a context is very relevant, right? I run a context is very relevant, right? I run a company company company and I [clears throat] have like I run a and I [clears throat] have like I run a and I [clears throat] have like I run a software company and I have a software company and I have a software company and I have a um um um and I run content. I use content to help and I run content. I use content to help and I run content. I use content to help the business, but sometimes something the business, but sometimes something the business, but sometimes something like customer support is not relevant to like customer support is not relevant to like customer support is not relevant to my Instagram, right? So, those agents my Instagram, right? So, those agents my Instagram, right? So, those agents would probably be separate, right? That would probably be separate, right? That would probably be separate, right? That context would only confuse the customer context would only confuse the customer context would only confuse the customer support agent. What's important for the support agent. What's important for the support agent. What's important for the customer support agent is it has all of customer support agent is it has all of customer support agent is it has all of the necessary information on how to help the necessary information on how to help the necessary information on how to help people when they submit a request on people when they submit a request on people when they submit a request on like how do I fix my app or you know, like how do I fix my app or you know, like how do I fix my app or you know, like how do I deploy my application? like how do I deploy my application? like how do I deploy my application? Right? You want to make sure that the Right? You want to make sure that the Right? You want to make sure that the information it has access to is relevant information it has access to is relevant information it has access to is relevant to that specific goal. And to that specific goal. And to that specific goal. And yeah, and like you want to think about yeah, and like you want to think about yeah, and like you want to think about you want to have you want to have you want to have if your agent has multiple goals, you if your agent has multiple goals, you if your agent has multiple goals, you want to make sure that they're aligned, want to make sure that they're aligned, want to make sure that they're aligned, right? Like if if you have a content right? Like if if you have a content right? Like if if you have a content creator agent, you might have five creator agent, you might have five creator agent, you might have five goals. Grow YouTube, grow LinkedIn, grow goals. Grow YouTube, grow LinkedIn, grow goals. Grow YouTube, grow LinkedIn, grow Twitter, you know, those kind of move in Twitter, you know, those kind of move in Twitter, you know, those kind of move in unison. If you're growing on Instagram, unison. If you're growing on Instagram, unison. If you're growing on Instagram, it's probably more useful to grow on it's probably more useful to grow on it's probably more useful to grow on TikTok. So, you want kind of these like TikTok. So, you want kind of these like TikTok. So, you want kind of these like aligned aligned aligned goals for your agent. And if they have goals for your agent. And if they have goals for your agent. And if they have completely separate goals where they're completely separate goals where they're completely separate goals where they're just like independent of each other, just like independent of each other, just like independent of each other, should probably be a separate agent, in should probably be a separate agent, in should probably be a separate agent, in my opinion. my opinion. my opinion. &gt;&gt; That's really valuable in terms of how &gt;&gt; That's really valuable in terms of how &gt;&gt; That's really valuable in terms of how to almost define and plan out your to almost define and plan out your to almost define and plan out your agents. It's like shared context, shared agents. It's like shared context, shared agents. It's like shared context, shared goals. goals. goals. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes, exactly. You got it. Yes, exactly. You got it. Yes, exactly. You got it. And then yeah, it's just like making And then yeah, it's just like making And then yeah, it's just like making sure that like the things that your sure that like the things that your sure that like the things that your agent does are useful for that goal. And agent does are useful for that goal. And agent does are useful for that goal. And so, I think to kind of so, I think to kind of so, I think to kind of the one thing I do want to talk about the one thing I do want to talk about the one thing I do want to talk about before we go is I do want to talk about before we go is I do want to talk about before we go is I do want to talk about cron jobs. So, like here we have no cron cron jobs. So, like here we have no cron cron jobs. So, like here we have no cron jobs. Cron job you can think of as an jobs. Cron job you can think of as an jobs. Cron job you can think of as an automation trigger, right? This is just automation trigger, right? This is just automation trigger, right? This is just like any N or Zapier except you're like any N or Zapier except you're like any N or Zapier except you're triggering an agent to work. So, triggering an agent to work. So, triggering an agent to work. So, like we like that example earlier, I'm like we like that example earlier, I'm like we like that example earlier, I'm going to say going to say going to say okay, I want you okay, say okay, now okay, I want you okay, say okay, now okay, I want you okay, say okay, now that you have access to Supa data, that you have access to Supa data, that you have access to Supa data, Notion, and Notion, and Notion, and Supa data, Notion, and Supa data, Notion, and Supa data, Notion, and um my email. um my email. um my email. I want you to generate I want you to generate I want you to generate a report every morning. I'll zoom in a report every morning. I'll zoom in a report every morning. I'll zoom in here just so people can see a little bit here just so people can see a little bit here just so people can see a little bit better. better. better. Uh generate a report every morning that Uh generate a report every morning that Uh generate a report every morning that helps me helps me helps me come up with ideas for YouTube. come up with ideas for YouTube. come up with ideas for YouTube. Be creative. Be creative. Be creative. Generate a report. Generate a report. Generate a report. Um Um Um Look at YouTube comments Look at YouTube comments Look at YouTube comments if you need to. And that's part of super if you need to. And that's part of super if you need to. And that's part of super data or serp. There's another skill in data or serp. There's another skill in data or serp. There's another skill in here. If we go to marketplace, here. If we go to marketplace, here. If we go to marketplace, um here we have the serp API, um which um here we have the serp API, um which um here we have the serp API, um which will actually allow us to get YouTube will actually allow us to get YouTube will actually allow us to get YouTube comments. And again, these are all comments. And again, these are all comments. And again, these are all important things to know. It's like what important things to know. It's like what important things to know. It's like what tool and this is just an API. And we tool and this is just an API. And we tool and this is just an API. And we don't need to talk about what an API is, don't need to talk about what an API is, don't need to talk about what an API is, but like learning what an API is will but like learning what an API is will but like learning what an API is will allow you to get relevant context. So, allow you to get relevant context. So, allow you to get relevant context. So, all of this is relevant. Um all of this is relevant. Um all of this is relevant. Um if you need. Um please send me a report, if you need. Um please send me a report, if you need. Um please send me a report, a a a um markdown file, and public um markdown file, and public um markdown file, and public uh link. Um uh link. Um uh link. Um markdown file stored in markdown file stored in markdown file stored in documents. And right, we can uh mention documents. And right, we can uh mention documents. And right, we can uh mention documents. documents. documents. Um I like to just kind of um uh and public link uh and public link uh and public link uh of this report. uh of this report. uh of this report. Please create Please create Please create &gt;&gt; And to be clear, most of the context &gt;&gt; And to be clear, most of the context &gt;&gt; And to be clear, most of the context it's using to generate this report is it's using to generate this report is it's using to generate this report is just the fact that it knows your just the fact that it knows your just the fact that it knows your channel. Like it just has the link to channel. Like it just has the link to channel. Like it just has the link to your channel and I guess it has the your channel and I guess it has the your channel and I guess it has the access to your Notion. access to your Notion. access to your Notion. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, yeah. And and that's likely &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, yeah. And and that's likely &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, yeah. And and that's likely all it needs, right? If it had access to all it needs, right? If it had access to all it needs, right? If it had access to my Notion, it would know who I am and it my Notion, it would know who I am and it my Notion, it would know who I am and it would be able to find that information. would be able to find that information. would be able to find that information. And you'd be surprised like what it's And you'd be surprised like what it's And you'd be surprised like what it's able to like connect the dots. Like able to like connect the dots. Like able to like connect the dots. Like it'll fill in the blank. So, like all I it'll fill in the blank. So, like all I it'll fill in the blank. So, like all I It probably would have got it just with It probably would have got it just with It probably would have got it just with me connecting my email. Like it would me connecting my email. Like it would me connecting my email. Like it would have been like, "Okay, his name is Riley have been like, "Okay, his name is Riley have been like, "Okay, his name is Riley Brown. Like I'll look him up on YouTube. Brown. Like I'll look him up on YouTube. Brown. Like I'll look him up on YouTube. Okay, this is his YouTube channel. Okay, Okay, this is his YouTube channel. Okay, Okay, this is his YouTube channel. Okay, like and based on the YouTube channel, like and based on the YouTube channel, like and based on the YouTube channel, it'll just gather its interests." You it'll just gather its interests." You it'll just gather its interests." You know, if I were to say like, "Hey, I know, if I were to say like, "Hey, I know, if I were to say like, "Hey, I want you to write a script like me." It want you to write a script like me." It want you to write a script like me." It probably would have just figured out probably would have just figured out probably would have just figured out like, "Okay, it's Riley Brown. Here's like, "Okay, it's Riley Brown. Here's like, "Okay, it's Riley Brown. Here's his YouTube channel. Let's go check it his YouTube channel. Let's go check it his YouTube channel. Let's go check it out." And then it probably would have out." And then it probably would have out." And then it probably would have been if At this point, it probably would been if At this point, it probably would been if At this point, it probably would have come back to me and been like, have come back to me and been like, have come back to me and been like, "Hey, um "Hey, um "Hey, um it would be super useful if you gave me it would be super useful if you gave me it would be super useful if you gave me access to the YouTube transcripts. You access to the YouTube transcripts. You access to the YouTube transcripts. You should download the Super Data API uh should download the Super Data API uh should download the Super Data API uh skill." And it would just do that. skill." And it would just do that. skill." And it would just do that. &gt;&gt; I And I And in my mind, it's like the &gt;&gt; I And I And in my mind, it's like the &gt;&gt; I And I And in my mind, it's like the I'm so glad that you shared it in the I'm so glad that you shared it in the I'm so glad that you shared it in the beginning. It's the loop. That it's like beginning. It's the loop. That it's like beginning. It's the loop. That it's like using that loop to get to those using that loop to get to those using that loop to get to those insights. And it's interesting because insights. And it's interesting because insights. And it's interesting because what I thought coming into the what I thought coming into the what I thought coming into the conversation is is that you would need a conversation is is that you would need a conversation is is that you would need a weekend or weeks in order to set this up weekend or weeks in order to set this up weekend or weeks in order to set this up to the point that it could have valuable to the point that it could have valuable to the point that it could have valuable outputs and like outcomes for someone outputs and like outcomes for someone outputs and like outcomes for someone that's listening at home. But it sounds that's listening at home. But it sounds that's listening at home. But it sounds like I I don't know how how long would like I I don't know how how long would like I I don't know how how long would we even estimate we even estimate we even estimate it would take for someone to get set up it would take for someone to get set up it would take for someone to get set up within a vertical, like one workflow, within a vertical, like one workflow, within a vertical, like one workflow, and they could actually start generating and they could actually start generating and they could actually start generating like valuable, helpful outcomes. like valuable, helpful outcomes. like valuable, helpful outcomes. &gt;&gt; I mean, &gt;&gt; I mean, &gt;&gt; I mean, how many minutes? I mean, how long have how many minutes? I mean, how long have how many minutes? I mean, how long have we been doing this for? And I've been we been doing this for? And I've been we been doing this for? And I've been talking for most of it. Um And so, you talking for most of it. Um And so, you talking for most of it. Um And so, you you say useful in there. And remember you say useful in there. And remember you say useful in there. And remember what we talk what I what I talk about. what we talk what I what I talk about. what we talk what I what I talk about. It's like you should never expect the AI It's like you should never expect the AI It's like you should never expect the AI agent to just create something useful agent to just create something useful agent to just create something useful for you because what's useful for me for you because what's useful for me for you because what's useful for me might not be useful for you. Maybe might not be useful for you. Maybe might not be useful for you. Maybe you're just starting out on YouTube. you're just starting out on YouTube. you're just starting out on YouTube. Maybe you don't have 200,000 followers Maybe you don't have 200,000 followers Maybe you don't have 200,000 followers like me, and you might need it to do like me, and you might need it to do like me, and you might need it to do something slightly different. But the something slightly different. But the something slightly different. But the point is is like, "Okay, in this time, point is is like, "Okay, in this time, point is is like, "Okay, in this time, it we connected it to all the relevant it we connected it to all the relevant it we connected it to all the relevant information, and now we gave it a cron information, and now we gave it a cron information, and now we gave it a cron job, right? It can now do things." So, job, right? It can now do things." So, job, right? It can now do things." So, like every day, it is going like you can like every day, it is going like you can like every day, it is going like you can see the full prompt here, right? You're see the full prompt here, right? You're see the full prompt here, right? You're a CJ Riley Brown's YouTube growth a CJ Riley Brown's YouTube growth a CJ Riley Brown's YouTube growth strategist. But like you don't even need strategist. But like you don't even need strategist. But like you don't even need to look at this. to look at this. to look at this. Um Um Um Let me zoom out here for a sec. Um Let me zoom out here for a sec. Um Let me zoom out here for a sec. Um Yeah, we we created this and this will Yeah, we we created this and this will Yeah, we we created this and this will run every single day and what we can do run every single day and what we can do run every single day and what we can do is we can test it. And I'm just going to is we can test it. And I'm just going to is we can test it. And I'm just going to test it right now. We can hit run. test it right now. We can hit run. test it right now. We can hit run. All of your cron jobs will start a new All of your cron jobs will start a new All of your cron jobs will start a new thread and it will be thread cron. So thread and it will be thread cron. So thread and it will be thread cron. So here we can um it's it's initiating and here we can um it's it's initiating and here we can um it's it's initiating and it'll get started in just a second. But it'll get started in just a second. But it'll get started in just a second. But basically basically basically it will start doing this task and you it will start doing this task and you it will start doing this task and you can play it however many times you want. can play it however many times you want. can play it however many times you want. And so the goal is And so the goal is And so the goal is if it's not super useful immediately, if it's not super useful immediately, if it's not super useful immediately, what you do is you can run it. It'll what you do is you can run it. It'll what you do is you can run it. It'll generate the full report, you can look generate the full report, you can look generate the full report, you can look at it and be like, "Okay, I you know, at it and be like, "Okay, I you know, at it and be like, "Okay, I you know, please edit the cron job or the it just please edit the cron job or the it just please edit the cron job or the it just you can say edit the cron job to make it you can say edit the cron job to make it you can say edit the cron job to make it so that the report is more like this." so that the report is more like this." so that the report is more like this." And then the agent be like, "Okay, I I I And then the agent be like, "Okay, I I I And then the agent be like, "Okay, I I I just changed the cron job. It's now more just changed the cron job. It's now more just changed the cron job. It's now more like this." like this." like this." And then you can go back to run, you can And then you can go back to run, you can And then you can go back to run, you can run it again, you can look at it, you run it again, you can look at it, you run it again, you can look at it, you can be like, "Yes, this is useful. Keep can be like, "Yes, this is useful. Keep can be like, "Yes, this is useful. Keep doing this every day." And what I like doing this every day." And what I like doing this every day." And what I like to do is I just like to set up a bunch to do is I just like to set up a bunch to do is I just like to set up a bunch of like automations like this where the of like automations like this where the of like automations like this where the agent will go off and do things. And agent will go off and do things. And agent will go off and do things. And every single time I I read one, I say every single time I I read one, I say every single time I I read one, I say like, "Hey, from now on I want it to be like, "Hey, from now on I want it to be like, "Hey, from now on I want it to be like this." Just like a new an employee like this." Just like a new an employee like this." Just like a new an employee that's receptive and good at kind of um that's receptive and good at kind of um that's receptive and good at kind of um adapting, the next time it creates this adapting, the next time it creates this adapting, the next time it creates this report, it will do that thing. And so report, it will do that thing. And so report, it will do that thing. And so that's that's that's the name of the game here in my opinion. the name of the game here in my opinion. the name of the game here in my opinion. It's just like It's just like It's just like giving it giving it giving it do having it do something and say, "Yes, do having it do something and say, "Yes, do having it do something and say, "Yes, that's good." or "No, you can do better. that's good." or "No, you can do better. that's good." or "No, you can do better. Do it like this." Do it like this." Do it like this." &gt;&gt; And so when you when you say do it like &gt;&gt; And so when you when you say do it like &gt;&gt; And so when you when you say do it like this, an example would be I want a this, an example would be I want a this, an example would be I want a summary at the I want this report in the summary at the I want this report in the summary at the I want this report in the format of like a summary on the at the format of like a summary on the at the format of like a summary on the at the top and then bullet points underneath top and then bullet points underneath top and then bullet points underneath and I want it to only be on one page and I want it to only be on one page and I want it to only be on one page maximum. Like that level of feedback. Is maximum. Like that level of feedback. Is maximum. Like that level of feedback. Is is that what you're you mean? is that what you're you mean? is that what you're you mean? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. 100% and another thing that you can do 100% and another thing that you can do 100% and another thing that you can do if you've ever hired someone to make a if you've ever hired someone to make a if you've ever hired someone to make a report like this, report like this, report like this, um um um you can just upload the PDF straight to you can just upload the PDF straight to you can just upload the PDF straight to the computer and then and then tell the the computer and then and then tell the the computer and then and then tell the or you can upload it straight to the or you can upload it straight to the or you can upload it straight to the chat and be like, I want it to look like chat and be like, I want it to look like chat and be like, I want it to look like this. And what it will do is, in the this. And what it will do is, in the this. And what it will do is, in the skills folder, right? In the If we go to skills folder, right? In the If we go to skills folder, right? In the If we go to the files folder and we go into skills, the files folder and we go into skills, the files folder and we go into skills, if you like click into, let's say, if you like click into, let's say, if you like click into, let's say, YouTube competitor analysis, YouTube competitor analysis, YouTube competitor analysis, here, this is just a skill.md file. But here, this is just a skill.md file. But here, this is just a skill.md file. But what you can also do in the same what you can also do in the same what you can also do in the same in this folder that has the skill.md in this folder that has the skill.md in this folder that has the skill.md file, you can add a folder and that you file, you can add a folder and that you file, you can add a folder and that you could put like references. And then in could put like references. And then in could put like references. And then in the skill, you could say, "Please look the skill, you could say, "Please look the skill, you could say, "Please look at the references whenever you use this at the references whenever you use this at the references whenever you use this skill." And it will just generate it skill." And it will just generate it skill." And it will just generate it exactly like whatever is in the exactly like whatever is in the exactly like whatever is in the references. You know what I mean? Like references. You know what I mean? Like references. You know what I mean? Like you can give it an example and put it in you can give it an example and put it in you can give it an example and put it in the skill so that it always looks a the skill so that it always looks a the skill so that it always looks a certain way. Um which which I think is certain way. Um which which I think is certain way. Um which which I think is really really useful. But you can see really really useful. But you can see really really useful. But you can see here that the the the cron job here that the the the cron job here that the the the cron job automatically started. This one is going automatically started. This one is going automatically started. This one is going to take a while, right? It's still to take a while, right? It's still to take a while, right? It's still going, but as soon as it's done, I can going, but as soon as it's done, I can going, but as soon as it's done, I can evaluate it and then tell the agent how evaluate it and then tell the agent how evaluate it and then tell the agent how to improve it in the future. to improve it in the future. to improve it in the future. &gt;&gt; Interesting. So you're you're creating &gt;&gt; Interesting. So you're you're creating &gt;&gt; Interesting. So you're you're creating the automation, you're then having it the automation, you're then having it the automation, you're then having it fulfill the task, and then once you get fulfill the task, and then once you get fulfill the task, and then once you get the output, you're giving it feedback on the output, you're giving it feedback on the output, you're giving it feedback on the cron job so that it can improve it the cron job so that it can improve it the cron job so that it can improve it for the next iteration. for the next iteration. for the next iteration. &gt;&gt; Yes. And here you can see, &gt;&gt; Yes. And here you can see, &gt;&gt; Yes. And here you can see, Open-interpreter just dropped a big Open-interpreter just dropped a big Open-interpreter just dropped a big release release release with task flows. I don't even know what with task flows. I don't even know what with task flows. I don't even know what this is. This is super useful. Like this is. This is super useful. Like this is. This is super useful. Like uh apparently Open-interpreter had a new uh apparently Open-interpreter had a new uh apparently Open-interpreter had a new release and it's grabbing more details. release and it's grabbing more details. release and it's grabbing more details. It'll get back to me when it's done. It'll get back to me when it's done. It'll get back to me when it's done. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, before we get out of here, You know, before we get out of here, You know, before we get out of here, with these cron jobs, with these cron jobs, with these cron jobs, how wacky and almost customized how wacky and almost customized how wacky and almost customized can I make it? If I wanted to instruct can I make it? If I wanted to instruct can I make it? If I wanted to instruct it that like after you create this it that like after you create this it that like after you create this report, I want you to send me an email report, I want you to send me an email report, I want you to send me an email at 9:00 a.m. every morning with the at 9:00 a.m. every morning with the at 9:00 a.m. every morning with the report like attached in that email so I report like attached in that email so I report like attached in that email so I can review it when I wake up. Like can can review it when I wake up. Like can can review it when I wake up. Like can you get to that level of granularity? you get to that level of granularity? you get to that level of granularity? &gt;&gt; You can go 10 times &gt;&gt; You can go 10 times &gt;&gt; You can go 10 times above that. You know, you know, going above that. You know, you know, going above that. You know, you know, going back to this right here, like you back to this right here, like you back to this right here, like you basically want it to like generate the basically want it to like generate the basically want it to like generate the report and then send you an email. It report and then send you an email. It report and then send you an email. It can absolutely do that. And then it can absolutely do that. And then it can absolutely do that. And then it could generate a report, send an email, could generate a report, send an email, could generate a report, send an email, and then it can send an email to and then it can send an email to and then it can send an email to everyone at your company. everyone at your company. everyone at your company. Um Um Um you can absolutely do that. you can absolutely do that. you can absolutely do that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know what, even as you were &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know what, even as you were &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know what, even as you were talking, kind of where I've landed with talking, kind of where I've landed with talking, kind of where I've landed with all of this Riley, and and I'm not as all of this Riley, and and I'm not as all of this Riley, and and I'm not as experienced as you, experienced as you, experienced as you, is is is we almost we just have to start thinking we almost we just have to start thinking we almost we just have to start thinking about these AI agents and its about these AI agents and its about these AI agents and its capabilities as like an employee. And capabilities as like an employee. And capabilities as like an employee. And anything it feels like anything that an anything it feels like anything that an anything it feels like anything that an employee could do, employee could do, employee could do, it's getting to the point where the AI it's getting to the point where the AI it's getting to the point where the AI has the capability to do that in a has the capability to do that in a has the capability to do that in a pretty autonomous pretty autonomous pretty autonomous fashion. fashion. fashion. If that's the case, I'm just curious cuz If that's the case, I'm just curious cuz If that's the case, I'm just curious cuz I know that you're an optimistic I know that you're an optimistic I know that you're an optimistic &gt;&gt; guy. &gt;&gt; guy. &gt;&gt; guy. &gt;&gt; And we hear so much of like the dooms &gt;&gt; And we hear so much of like the dooms &gt;&gt; And we hear so much of like the dooms day scenarios with AI. day scenarios with AI. day scenarios with AI. What do you think that that means What do you think that that means What do you think that that means for people that today in 2026, we're for people that today in 2026, we're for people that today in 2026, we're already at a point, and it's early like already at a point, and it's early like already at a point, and it's early like you mentioned, you mentioned, you mentioned, where where where it feels like open claw can handle much it feels like open claw can handle much it feels like open claw can handle much of the capabilities of just like an of the capabilities of just like an of the capabilities of just like an employee, but it just runs itself and it employee, but it just runs itself and it employee, but it just runs itself and it can run for longer and longer amounts of can run for longer and longer amounts of can run for longer and longer amounts of time. &gt;&gt; What are the What are the implications &gt;&gt; What are the What are the implications &gt;&gt; What are the What are the implications of it of it running for a really long of it of it running for a really long of it of it running for a really long period of time? Um period of time? Um period of time? Um I would say I would say I would say &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; I would say that of course there you &gt;&gt; I would say that of course there you &gt;&gt; I would say that of course there you know, I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I know, I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I know, I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I majority optimist. It's important to majority optimist. It's important to majority optimist. It's important to never like put myself into a bucket never like put myself into a bucket never like put myself into a bucket either optimist or pessimist. I think either optimist or pessimist. I think either optimist or pessimist. I think it's good to kind of be like 70/30, it's good to kind of be like 70/30, it's good to kind of be like 70/30, right? You want to be a realist, right? right? You want to be a realist, right? right? You want to be a realist, right? You don't want to just kind of like You don't want to just kind of like You don't want to just kind of like you know, close your eyes to bad news you know, close your eyes to bad news you know, close your eyes to bad news and and uh bad and and uh bad and and uh bad uh like when things are bad. And I will uh like when things are bad. And I will uh like when things are bad. And I will say in the short term there will be many say in the short term there will be many say in the short term there will be many people losing their jobs to this. people losing their jobs to this. people losing their jobs to this. I think the people who learn this will I think the people who learn this will I think the people who learn this will be better to weather the storm. I think be better to weather the storm. I think be better to weather the storm. I think if many CEOs will be pressured to if many CEOs will be pressured to if many CEOs will be pressured to replace a lot of their work and save replace a lot of their work and save replace a lot of their work and save money, right? When when new technology money, right? When when new technology money, right? When when new technology comes out and CEOs can save money, they comes out and CEOs can save money, they comes out and CEOs can save money, they will do it, right? Because they're or will do it, right? Because they're or will do it, right? Because they're or else their competitors will do it and else their competitors will do it and else their competitors will do it and then they'll put them out of business, then they'll put them out of business, then they'll put them out of business, right? It's kind of they're pressured in right? It's kind of they're pressured in right? It's kind of they're pressured in doing it. And so if you can prove to the doing it. And so if you can prove to the doing it. And so if you can prove to the company you work at that you are able to company you work at that you are able to company you work at that you are able to think clearly and create agentic think clearly and create agentic think clearly and create agentic workflows for the company that can help workflows for the company that can help workflows for the company that can help the company, um it's usually the I think the company, um it's usually the I think the company, um it's usually the I think you'll be way better off. you'll be way better off. you'll be way better off. Um and I also think that many people, Um and I also think that many people, Um and I also think that many people, many really smart people who might be many really smart people who might be many really smart people who might be making 500k at Meta, you know, they making 500k at Meta, you know, they making 500k at Meta, you know, they might be making a ton of money at might be making a ton of money at might be making a ton of money at Google, will be laid off. And I think a Google, will be laid off. And I think a Google, will be laid off. And I think a lot of these people will start lot of these people will start lot of these people will start companies. And I think it will be a lot companies. And I think it will be a lot companies. And I think it will be a lot easier to actually start companies and easier to actually start companies and easier to actually start companies and uh as a team of two or three and get the uh as a team of two or three and get the uh as a team of two or three and get the work done of of a team of 20 in the past work done of of a team of 20 in the past work done of of a team of 20 in the past because these and if you have like a because these and if you have like a because these and if you have like a little bit of startup capital and you're little bit of startup capital and you're little bit of startup capital and you're able to front the the costs for the um able to front the the costs for the um able to front the the costs for the um the tokens, I think you'll be able to do the tokens, I think you'll be able to do the tokens, I think you'll be able to do a ton with a few people. So I think a ton with a few people. So I think a ton with a few people. So I think we're going to see a bunch of we're going to see a bunch of we're going to see a bunch of a rise in smaller like startup companies a rise in smaller like startup companies a rise in smaller like startup companies that are like a handful of people. And I that are like a handful of people. And I that are like a handful of people. And I think this is really fun and I think think this is really fun and I think think this is really fun and I think those people like you want to be very those people like you want to be very those people like you want to be very high in openness. You want to be high in openness. You want to be high in openness. You want to be like it's it's helpful to be smarter and like it's it's helpful to be smarter and like it's it's helpful to be smarter and it's helpful to just be if you're really it's helpful to just be if you're really it's helpful to just be if you're really good at managing a lot of people at the good at managing a lot of people at the good at managing a lot of people at the same time, you're probably going to be same time, you're probably going to be same time, you're probably going to be good at managing a lot of AIs at the good at managing a lot of AIs at the good at managing a lot of AIs at the same time. So I think getting really same time. So I think getting really same time. So I think getting really good at stating outcomes that you want, good at stating outcomes that you want, good at stating outcomes that you want, um delegating to AI agents and like you um delegating to AI agents and like you um delegating to AI agents and like you said, going through these evaluation said, going through these evaluation said, going through these evaluation processes and making sure that it's not processes and making sure that it's not processes and making sure that it's not just AI slop. Um and they're actual just AI slop. Um and they're actual just AI slop. Um and they're actual things that they can help. Um if you things that they can help. Um if you things that they can help. Um if you want to create an agent that handles want to create an agent that handles want to create an agent that handles email, like you should probably test email, like you should probably test email, like you should probably test that a lot, especially if there's that a lot, especially if there's that a lot, especially if there's clients on the other side or potential clients on the other side or potential clients on the other side or potential clients that you can close the deal. You clients that you can close the deal. You clients that you can close the deal. You want to make sure that these workflows want to make sure that these workflows want to make sure that these workflows are set up in a way where it's really are set up in a way where it's really are set up in a way where it's really high quality. And so, I would really high quality. And so, I would really high quality. And so, I would really focus on that. Building agents that are focus on that. Building agents that are focus on that. Building agents that are really high quality, getting in a loop, really high quality, getting in a loop, really high quality, getting in a loop, improving them, making them better. And improving them, making them better. And improving them, making them better. And to do that, you need to really to do that, you need to really to do that, you need to really understand a certain niche or industry. understand a certain niche or industry. understand a certain niche or industry. You know, I really understand YouTube You know, I really understand YouTube You know, I really understand YouTube and content creation. So, I'm able to and content creation. So, I'm able to and content creation. So, I'm able to create really good agents. Someone who create really good agents. Someone who create really good agents. Someone who has no idea how to create a hook for Tik has no idea how to create a hook for Tik has no idea how to create a hook for Tik Tok or YouTube, they're not going to be Tok or YouTube, they're not going to be Tok or YouTube, they're not going to be as good at creating an agent for content as good at creating an agent for content as good at creating an agent for content creation. So, you kind of want to learn creation. So, you kind of want to learn creation. So, you kind of want to learn a a little bit about a lot of a a little bit about a lot of a a little bit about a lot of um uh um uh um uh any area that's useful any area that's useful any area that's useful or any area that you're trying to create or any area that you're trying to create or any area that you're trying to create agents for, you do kind of want to be a agents for, you do kind of want to be a agents for, you do kind of want to be a domain expert or else you don't know domain expert or else you don't know domain expert or else you don't know what AI slop is. You you know what I what AI slop is. You you know what I what AI slop is. You you know what I mean? mean? mean? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm I'm so glad that you made that &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm I'm so glad that you made that &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm I'm so glad that you made that point. Which is like point. Which is like point. Which is like your your career isn't wasted. Like the your your career isn't wasted. Like the your your career isn't wasted. Like the fact that you have this level of fact that you have this level of fact that you have this level of expertise. Cuz I think sometimes that's expertise. Cuz I think sometimes that's expertise. Cuz I think sometimes that's how it's presented with this AI stuff. how it's presented with this AI stuff. how it's presented with this AI stuff. It's like, "Oh, it just replaces you and It's like, "Oh, it just replaces you and It's like, "Oh, it just replaces you and it's over." It's like, "No, your it's over." It's like, "No, your it's over." It's like, "No, your expertise is still valuable. You're just expertise is still valuable. You're just expertise is still valuable. You're just using it in collaboration with the AI." using it in collaboration with the AI." using it in collaboration with the AI." And And And one one thing that I think um one one thing that I think um one one thing that I think um I'm such a big believer in, Riley, is I'm such a big believer in, Riley, is I'm such a big believer in, Riley, is just getting to action. And like that just getting to action. And like that just getting to action. And like that first action step as quickly as first action step as quickly as first action step as quickly as possible. possible. possible. Because for the person listening at home Because for the person listening at home Because for the person listening at home and also for myself, it's like you start and also for myself, it's like you start and also for myself, it's like you start building momentum when you take that building momentum when you take that building momentum when you take that first action step. And so, first action step. And so, first action step. And so, Riley, if you almost had to give someone Riley, if you almost had to give someone Riley, if you almost had to give someone like now that you've watched this you've like now that you've watched this you've like now that you've watched this you've seen this conversation and you have all seen this conversation and you have all seen this conversation and you have all of these ideas and use cases, of these ideas and use cases, of these ideas and use cases, immediately after watching this video, immediately after watching this video, immediately after watching this video, what is the thing that you would advise what is the thing that you would advise what is the thing that you would advise or suggest that someone listening at or suggest that someone listening at or suggest that someone listening at home goes and does? home goes and does? home goes and does? &gt;&gt; Good question. So, what can someone What &gt;&gt; Good question. So, what can someone What &gt;&gt; Good question. So, what can someone What should someone do first, right? should someone do first, right? should someone do first, right? Uh if you're getting started with AI Uh if you're getting started with AI Uh if you're getting started with AI agents, the first thing that you should agents, the first thing that you should agents, the first thing that you should do is automate one single task, right? do is automate one single task, right? do is automate one single task, right? Pick one thing that's annoying to you Pick one thing that's annoying to you Pick one thing that's annoying to you and solve it with AI. Make it faster or and solve it with AI. Make it faster or and solve it with AI. Make it faster or better. You know, add a research step or better. You know, add a research step or better. You know, add a research step or add an automation step. There's a lot of add an automation step. There's a lot of add an automation step. There's a lot of things that you know, like the one thing things that you know, like the one thing things that you know, like the one thing that I did that gave me immediate that I did that gave me immediate that I did that gave me immediate uh value is I automated having a social uh value is I automated having a social uh value is I automated having a social media manager, right? When a company media manager, right? When a company media manager, right? When a company reaches out to me, they offer me money reaches out to me, they offer me money reaches out to me, they offer me money for a brand deal or or etc., the first for a brand deal or or etc., the first for a brand deal or or etc., the first thing that the agent does is the agent thing that the agent does is the agent thing that the agent does is the agent will analyze who that company is, and it will analyze who that company is, and it will analyze who that company is, and it will take a look and see like is it a will take a look and see like is it a will take a look and see like is it a legitimate company or is it not? It'll legitimate company or is it not? It'll legitimate company or is it not? It'll analyze the video of the companies that analyze the video of the companies that analyze the video of the companies that I've worked with in the past to see if I've worked with in the past to see if I've worked with in the past to see if it's the type of company I want to work it's the type of company I want to work it's the type of company I want to work with, and then if it is, it'll just with, and then if it is, it'll just with, and then if it is, it'll just respond with and say like hey, like what respond with and say like hey, like what respond with and say like hey, like what are your rates? I try to get them to are your rates? I try to get them to are your rates? I try to get them to share their budget, and it knows exactly share their budget, and it knows exactly share their budget, and it knows exactly how much I charge. And so, basically, it how much I charge. And so, basically, it how much I charge. And so, basically, it I've created a uh three separate cron I've created a uh three separate cron I've created a uh three separate cron jobs. Every day, the agent will go jobs. Every day, the agent will go jobs. Every day, the agent will go through and analyze it and send all of through and analyze it and send all of through and analyze it and send all of the emails that it needs to the emails that it needs to the emails that it needs to um based on the entire inbox, and it um based on the entire inbox, and it um based on the entire inbox, and it will archive a lot of the ones that like will archive a lot of the ones that like will archive a lot of the ones that like aren't that good. And then it sends me a aren't that good. And then it sends me a aren't that good. And then it sends me a little brief that says like um okay, little brief that says like um okay, little brief that says like um okay, these companies don't seem to be ones these companies don't seem to be ones these companies don't seem to be ones that you'd be interested in, and then that you'd be interested in, and then that you'd be interested in, and then and it'll say like here are the ones and it'll say like here are the ones and it'll say like here are the ones that I've talked to. And then if it's that I've talked to. And then if it's that I've talked to. And then if it's not super confident, it'll write a draft not super confident, it'll write a draft not super confident, it'll write a draft for me and say like hey, like do you for me and say like hey, like do you for me and say like hey, like do you want to send If you want to send this, want to send If you want to send this, want to send If you want to send this, here's a link to the draft in um here's a link to the draft in um here's a link to the draft in um in in in Gmail, and it will send me a link to it, Gmail, and it will send me a link to it, Gmail, and it will send me a link to it, and then I'll go in and send the draft. and then I'll go in and send the draft. and then I'll go in and send the draft. And so, that's one example of something And so, that's one example of something And so, that's one example of something that's really, really useful. That one that's really, really useful. That one that's really, really useful. That one took me 3 days, three full probably 10 took me 3 days, three full probably 10 took me 3 days, three full probably 10 plus hours to set up because plus hours to set up because plus hours to set up because as I mean, think about it. I mean, as I mean, think about it. I mean, as I mean, think about it. I mean, that's that's a pretty hard task to get that's that's a pretty hard task to get that's that's a pretty hard task to get anyone to do and there's a ton of rules. anyone to do and there's a ton of rules. anyone to do and there's a ton of rules. So, I mean, I had to make a fake email So, I mean, I had to make a fake email So, I mean, I had to make a fake email to send in fake requests uh to get to to send in fake requests uh to get to to send in fake requests uh to get to test to test it and sometimes you do you test to test it and sometimes you do you test to test it and sometimes you do you have to do that. You have to like create have to do that. You have to like create have to do that. You have to like create a little testing environment where you a little testing environment where you a little testing environment where you can actually test the agent and I had to can actually test the agent and I had to can actually test the agent and I had to set up a separate email for it so I set up a separate email for it so I set up a separate email for it so I could send it fake emails and then I could send it fake emails and then I could send it fake emails and then I would go to the cron job and I would would go to the cron job and I would would go to the cron job and I would just hit run to see how it would do it just hit run to see how it would do it just hit run to see how it would do it and then after and then after and then after many hours, I got to a point where I'm many hours, I got to a point where I'm many hours, I got to a point where I'm like, yeah, 80 95% of the time this like, yeah, 80 95% of the time this like, yeah, 80 95% of the time this thing says the right thing. thing says the right thing. thing says the right thing. &gt;&gt; You You said 80-90% of the time and I &gt;&gt; You You said 80-90% of the time and I &gt;&gt; You You said 80-90% of the time and I actually think cuz what you just shared actually think cuz what you just shared actually think cuz what you just shared is is so valuable. But the I think about is is so valuable. But the I think about is is so valuable. But the I think about the unintended consequences. the unintended consequences. the unintended consequences. Like the I've I've heard use cases of Like the I've I've heard use cases of Like the I've I've heard use cases of oh, it deleted this sheet or this piece oh, it deleted this sheet or this piece oh, it deleted this sheet or this piece of data that I needed or it sent this of data that I needed or it sent this of data that I needed or it sent this email. I didn't want it to send this email. I didn't want it to send this email. I didn't want it to send this email. Can you share like your email. Can you share like your email. Can you share like your experience of unintended consequences experience of unintended consequences experience of unintended consequences using these agents because they're using these agents because they're using these agents because they're autonomous? autonomous? autonomous? And then also how you've like reduced And then also how you've like reduced And then also how you've like reduced that that that instant those instances over time. instant those instances over time. instant those instances over time. &gt;&gt; Yes. Um so, first thing, um &gt;&gt; Yes. Um so, first thing, um &gt;&gt; Yes. Um so, first thing, um like I said, create a safe environment like I said, create a safe environment like I said, create a safe environment to do it. Like you would I like when I to do it. Like you would I like when I to do it. Like you would I like when I was first testing Notion, I created like was first testing Notion, I created like was first testing Notion, I created like a new Notion database with like fake a new Notion database with like fake a new Notion database with like fake data. Um what I did is you can actually data. Um what I did is you can actually data. Um what I did is you can actually ask the agent to duplicate a Notion So, ask the agent to duplicate a Notion So, ask the agent to duplicate a Notion So, if you wanted if you wanted if you wanted cuz cuz cuz the reason I started doing this is one the reason I started doing this is one the reason I started doing this is one time when I was using Notion I my agent time when I was using Notion I my agent time when I was using Notion I my agent deleted the file that I was working on deleted the file that I was working on deleted the file that I was working on and I couldn't figure out how to bring and I couldn't figure out how to bring and I couldn't figure out how to bring it back. And actually like it didn't it back. And actually like it didn't it back. And actually like it didn't update. I would have it would have been update. I would have it would have been update. I would have it would have been super annoying to bring it back so I had super annoying to bring it back so I had super annoying to bring it back so I had to start over and that was really to start over and that was really to start over and that was really frustrating. And so, and that was a frustrating. And so, and that was a frustrating. And so, and that was a human error. I forget what my error was. human error. I forget what my error was. human error. I forget what my error was. But then now whenever I'm setting up an But then now whenever I'm setting up an But then now whenever I'm setting up an automation, what I'll do is I'll just automation, what I'll do is I'll just automation, what I'll do is I'll just say, "Hey, can you duplicate this say, "Hey, can you duplicate this say, "Hey, can you duplicate this database and put it in a different team database and put it in a different team database and put it in a different team space?" And then I'll just test the space?" And then I'll just test the space?" And then I'll just test the agent there. agent there. agent there. Um and so, I would advise you to try Um and so, I would advise you to try Um and so, I would advise you to try wherever you can create like a dummy wherever you can create like a dummy wherever you can create like a dummy email or a dummy database on notion or a email or a dummy database on notion or a email or a dummy database on notion or a dummy Google um Drive folder to test to dummy Google um Drive folder to test to dummy Google um Drive folder to test to see how these workflows work so that if see how these workflows work so that if see how these workflows work so that if you if it does make a mistake, it you if it does make a mistake, it you if it does make a mistake, it doesn't matter, right? It's all fake. doesn't matter, right? It's all fake. doesn't matter, right? It's all fake. Like it's it's just dummy data or maybe Like it's it's just dummy data or maybe Like it's it's just dummy data or maybe it's just a duplicate of a folder. it's just a duplicate of a folder. it's just a duplicate of a folder. And then when things go wrong, which And then when things go wrong, which And then when things go wrong, which things will go wrong every once in a things will go wrong every once in a things will go wrong every once in a while. But like things go wrong with while. But like things go wrong with while. But like things go wrong with human employees as well, you know, like human employees as well, you know, like human employees as well, you know, like they make a mistake and it costs company they make a mistake and it costs company they make a mistake and it costs company time. It's just part of doing business time. It's just part of doing business time. It's just part of doing business with humans or agents. And so with humans or agents. And so with humans or agents. And so I think I think I think I think the best thing to do is just to I think the best thing to do is just to I think the best thing to do is just to really get clear about what you want. really get clear about what you want. really get clear about what you want. And you can even specify in your And you can even specify in your And you can even specify in your instructions in your skills or if you're instructions in your skills or if you're instructions in your skills or if you're typing a prompt, like literally just typing a prompt, like literally just typing a prompt, like literally just um um um just say like don't do these things. And just say like don't do these things. And just say like don't do these things. And if you catch the mistakes that it does, if you catch the mistakes that it does, if you catch the mistakes that it does, what you can do you'll you'll start to what you can do you'll you'll start to what you can do you'll you'll start to learn what to tell it not to do, which learn what to tell it not to do, which learn what to tell it not to do, which is really important. And so is really important. And so is really important. And so to kind of to kind of to kind of like to conclude here, like the more you like to conclude here, like the more you like to conclude here, like the more you work with agents, work with agents, work with agents, uh the better you get at working with uh the better you get at working with uh the better you get at working with them. There's no list of rules. Part of them. There's no list of rules. Part of them. There's no list of rules. Part of this is just kind of interacting with this is just kind of interacting with this is just kind of interacting with agents, making sure they get better, and agents, making sure they get better, and agents, making sure they get better, and then over time you're just going to get then over time you're just going to get then over time you're just going to get better at better at better at um um um over time you're just going to get over time you're just going to get over time you're just going to get better at telling them what not to do, better at telling them what not to do, better at telling them what not to do, what to do, how to give them what to do, how to give them what to do, how to give them instructions. So it's something that you instructions. So it's something that you instructions. So it's something that you learn as you do it, not necessarily just learn as you do it, not necessarily just learn as you do it, not necessarily just like following a rule book, which is why like following a rule book, which is why like following a rule book, which is why it's the most fun skill to learn right it's the most fun skill to learn right it's the most fun skill to learn right now in my opinion. now in my opinion. now in my opinion. &gt;&gt; Yeah. By the sounds of it, Riley, and &gt;&gt; Yeah. By the sounds of it, Riley, and &gt;&gt; Yeah. By the sounds of it, Riley, and thank you so much for all the thank you so much for all the thank you so much for all the information you've shared, it's like it information you've shared, it's like it information you've shared, it's like it feels like a conversation like this gets feels like a conversation like this gets feels like a conversation like this gets you started, and it shows you what's you started, and it shows you what's you started, and it shows you what's possible, and some of the use cases, and possible, and some of the use cases, and possible, and some of the use cases, and how to get set up. But then it's really how to get set up. But then it's really how to get set up. But then it's really a case of you just have to spend time a case of you just have to spend time a case of you just have to spend time actually building, and trying, and actually building, and trying, and actually building, and trying, and iterating, and it fails, and then you iterating, and it fails, and then you iterating, and it fails, and then you iterate again, and then maybe it makes a iterate again, and then maybe it makes a iterate again, and then maybe it makes a mistake and like deletes something, and mistake and like deletes something, and mistake and like deletes something, and you correct off that. That feels like you correct off that. That feels like you correct off that. That feels like the the process of how you get to a the the process of how you get to a the the process of how you get to a place where this is actually valuable. place where this is actually valuable. place where this is actually valuable. &gt;&gt; 100% Yes, I I I couldn't agree more. &gt;&gt; 100% Yes, I I I couldn't agree more. &gt;&gt; 100% Yes, I I I couldn't agree more. Yeah, it Yeah, it Yeah, it um um um yeah, 100%. yeah, 100%. yeah, 100%. &gt;&gt; Yeah, before we get out of here, Riley, &gt;&gt; Yeah, before we get out of here, Riley, &gt;&gt; Yeah, before we get out of here, Riley, is there anything I think about the last is there anything I think about the last is there anything I think about the last time that you and I recorded hundreds of time that you and I recorded hundreds of time that you and I recorded hundreds of thousands of people, over 200,000 people thousands of people, over 200,000 people thousands of people, over 200,000 people found out about Vibe Coding and what was found out about Vibe Coding and what was found out about Vibe Coding and what was possible there for the first time. possible there for the first time. possible there for the first time. Knowing obviously we don't know where Knowing obviously we don't know where Knowing obviously we don't know where this conversation will go, but is there this conversation will go, but is there this conversation will go, but is there anything that you want to say before we anything that you want to say before we anything that you want to say before we get out of here? get out of here? get out of here? &gt;&gt; You know, one thing I did remember about &gt;&gt; You know, one thing I did remember about &gt;&gt; You know, one thing I did remember about our last conversation, I promised our last conversation, I promised our last conversation, I promised everyone, I said, "Hey, if you make an everyone, I said, "Hey, if you make an everyone, I said, "Hey, if you make an app on any software, doesn't matter app on any software, doesn't matter app on any software, doesn't matter which one, and you shared it on Twitter, which one, and you shared it on Twitter, which one, and you shared it on Twitter, I'll give you a retweet." I'll give you a retweet." I'll give you a retweet." Um Um Um and just tag me or tag you in it. Um and just tag me or tag you in it. Um and just tag me or tag you in it. Um I think I'll let's do the same thing. I I think I'll let's do the same thing. I I think I'll let's do the same thing. I think think think I want to challenge you guys to do one I want to challenge you guys to do one I want to challenge you guys to do one specific agent workflow, and you can specific agent workflow, and you can specific agent workflow, and you can either screenshot like a cron job, or either screenshot like a cron job, or either screenshot like a cron job, or you can screenshot the input, you can you can screenshot the input, you can you can screenshot the input, you can just put the input and the output and just put the input and the output and just put the input and the output and say like I created an agent that solves say like I created an agent that solves say like I created an agent that solves this problem, and it saves me x amount this problem, and it saves me x amount this problem, and it saves me x amount of money or x amount of dollars. I think of money or x amount of dollars. I think of money or x amount of dollars. I think it would be really useful and fun if you it would be really useful and fun if you it would be really useful and fun if you guys posted that on X or something. guys posted that on X or something. guys posted that on X or something. That's where I learn the most about AI. That's where I learn the most about AI. That's where I learn the most about AI. If you guys are on X, um just tag me in If you guys are on X, um just tag me in If you guys are on X, um just tag me in that and I'll I'll give it a retweet if that and I'll I'll give it a retweet if that and I'll I'll give it a retweet if it's a good it's a good it's a good uh workflow. I think that would be fun. uh workflow. I think that would be fun. uh workflow. I think that would be fun. We did that last time. We did that last time. We did that last time. &gt;&gt; That's awesome. Riley, you're a star, &gt;&gt; That's awesome. Riley, you're a star, &gt;&gt; That's awesome. Riley, you're a star, mate. Thank you so much. mate. Thank you so much. mate. Thank you so much. &gt;&gt; Of course. This was fun. Appreciate it. &gt;&gt; Of course. This was fun. Appreciate it. &gt;&gt; Of course. This was fun. Appreciate it. &gt;&gt; This was awesome. So, if you enjoyed &gt;&gt; This was awesome. So, if you enjoyed &gt;&gt; This was awesome. So, if you enjoyed this conversation and you want to hear this conversation and you want to hear this conversation and you want to hear even more stories like this, then just even more stories like this, then just even more stories like this, then just click here. And also, my team is going click here. And also, my team is going click here. And also, my team is going to put some more videos that you can to put some more videos that you can to put some more videos that you can watch here. Thank you.
