I'm about to take you from a complete I'm about to take you from a complete I'm about to take you from a complete beginner to a pro cloud code user. Even beginner to a pro cloud code user. Even beginner to a pro cloud code user. Even if you've never touched the tool before, if you've never touched the tool before, if you've never touched the tool before, by the end of this video, you'll be able by the end of this video, you'll be able by the end of this video, you'll be able to build automations, websites, apps, to build automations, websites, apps, to build automations, websites, apps, [music] whatever you want. You'll even [music] whatever you want. You'll even [music] whatever you want. You'll even have your very own AI executive have your very own AI executive have your very own AI executive assistant. So, I have put a ton of time assistant. So, I have put a ton of time assistant. So, I have put a ton of time into making sure that this course is as into making sure that this course is as into making sure that this course is as comprehensive as possible, and I've laid comprehensive as possible, and I've laid comprehensive as possible, and I've laid it out in the exact order that I would it out in the exact order that I would it out in the exact order that I would have wanted to learn Cloud Code if I was have wanted to learn Cloud Code if I was have wanted to learn Cloud Code if I was starting over. So, we've got 24 starting over. So, we've got 24 starting over. So, we've got 24 different chapters that are covered in different chapters that are covered in different chapters that are covered in this course. Let's take a quick look. this course. Let's take a quick look. this course. Let's take a quick look. I'm going to start off by telling you I'm going to start off by telling you I'm going to start off by telling you guys about the shift in the Agentic AI guys about the shift in the Agentic AI guys about the shift in the Agentic AI market and why you should be learning market and why you should be learning market and why you should be learning Claude Code. I'm going to help you guys Claude Code. I'm going to help you guys Claude Code. I'm going to help you guys get set up. We're going to go over the get set up. We're going to go over the get set up. We're going to go over the cloud code operations. We're going to cloud code operations. We're going to cloud code operations. We're going to talk about tokens and context when it talk about tokens and context when it talk about tokens and context when it comes to just dealing with AI in comes to just dealing with AI in comes to just dealing with AI in general. We're going to talk about general. We're going to talk about general. We're going to talk about cloud.md. You're going to build your cloud.md. You're going to build your cloud.md. You're going to build your first workflows. We're going to deploy first workflows. We're going to deploy first workflows. We're going to deploy those automations so that they actually those automations so that they actually those automations so that they actually can run 24/7. We'll talk about project can run 24/7. We'll talk about project can run 24/7. We'll talk about project architecture, the built-in commands, architecture, the built-in commands, architecture, the built-in commands, rag, building and deploying websites, rag, building and deploying websites, rag, building and deploying websites, APIs, and MCPs. We'll take a look at the APIs, and MCPs. We'll take a look at the APIs, and MCPs. We'll take a look at the Google CLI. I'll help you guys build Google CLI. I'll help you guys build Google CLI. I'll help you guys build your very own executive assistant. Then your very own executive assistant. Then your very own executive assistant. Then we're going to deep dive into skills, we're going to deep dive into skills, we're going to deep dive into skills, sub agents, agent teams, browser sub agents, agent teams, browser sub agents, agent teams, browser automations, permissions, context automations, permissions, context automations, permissions, context management, GitHub work trees. We've got management, GitHub work trees. We've got management, GitHub work trees. We've got some fun hacks for you guys and fun some fun hacks for you guys and fun some fun hacks for you guys and fun things that you can do with cloud code. things that you can do with cloud code. things that you can do with cloud code. And then finally talking about how you And then finally talking about how you And then finally talking about how you can actually monetize this new can actually monetize this new can actually monetize this new knowledge. So I don't want to waste any knowledge. So I don't want to waste any knowledge. So I don't want to waste any time. Let's just get straight into the time. Let's just get straight into the time. Let's just get straight into the course. All right. All right. So, before I have All right. All right. So, before I have All right. All right. So, before I have you guys open up Cloud Code and we start you guys open up Cloud Code and we start you guys open up Cloud Code and we start getting our hands dirty, I just wanted getting our hands dirty, I just wanted getting our hands dirty, I just wanted to sort of talk about the actual space to sort of talk about the actual space to sort of talk about the actual space and what this shift means and why it's and what this shift means and why it's and what this shift means and why it's so important. So, that's what we're so important. So, that's what we're so important. So, that's what we're going to be covering in this section. going to be covering in this section. going to be covering in this section. Check it out. Aentic workflows are not just [music] a Aentic workflows are not just [music] a Aentic workflows are not just [music] a trend. They're the future of the AI trend. They're the future of the AI trend. They're the future of the AI industry. More and more companies are industry. More and more companies are industry. More and more companies are making the shift to agentic workflows. making the shift to agentic workflows. making the shift to agentic workflows. And this is just getting started because And this is just getting started because And this is just getting started because it's estimated that the AI agentic it's estimated that the AI agentic it's estimated that the AI agentic market is going from about $7 billion market is going from about $7 billion market is going from about $7 billion this year to around 93 billion in the this year to around 93 billion in the this year to around 93 billion in the next couple of years. So, I can tell you next couple of years. So, I can tell you next couple of years. So, I can tell you right now that knowing how to build aic right now that knowing how to build aic right now that knowing how to build aic workflows is going to be one of the most workflows is going to be one of the most workflows is going to be one of the most valuable skills that you can have. So, valuable skills that you can have. So, valuable skills that you can have. So, in this video, I'm going to break down in this video, I'm going to break down in this video, I'm going to break down why you should be building aic workflows why you should be building aic workflows why you should be building aic workflows and then I'm going to actually build one and then I'm going to actually build one and then I'm going to actually build one live in front of you so you can see live in front of you so you can see live in front of you so you can see exactly how it works. And by the end, exactly how it works. And by the end, exactly how it works. And by the end, I'll show you how to actually sell these I'll show you how to actually sell these I'll show you how to actually sell these if you want to make some money with your if you want to make some money with your if you want to make some money with your skills. So, let's get into it. So, skills. So, let's get into it. So, skills. So, let's get into it. So, before we build anything, I want to show before we build anything, I want to show before we build anything, I want to show you why this all matters because it's you why this all matters because it's you why this all matters because it's not just hype. This is real money moving not just hype. This is real money moving not just hype. This is real money moving into real technology. Right now, the into real technology. Right now, the into real technology. Right now, the Aentic AI market is sitting at around $8 Aentic AI market is sitting at around $8 Aentic AI market is sitting at around $8 billion. By 2030, that's expected to hit billion. By 2030, that's expected to hit billion. By 2030, that's expected to hit 40 to 50 billion. That's not just a 40 to 50 billion. That's not just a 40 to 50 billion. That's not just a small jump. That's an entire industry small jump. That's an entire industry small jump. That's an entire industry being built in front of our eyes. And being built in front of our eyes. And being built in front of our eyes. And it's not just projections. About 25% of it's not just projections. About 25% of it's not just projections. About 25% of enterprises are already deploying enterprises are already deploying enterprises are already deploying Agentic pilots this year. And by 2027, Agentic pilots this year. And by 2027, Agentic pilots this year. And by 2027, that number will jump to 50%. So half of that number will jump to 50%. So half of that number will jump to 50%. So half of major companies will be running some major companies will be running some major companies will be running some version of Agentic Workflows within the version of Agentic Workflows within the version of Agentic Workflows within the next 2 years. And with that comes next 2 years. And with that comes next 2 years. And with that comes massive budget allocations, new security massive budget allocations, new security massive budget allocations, new security requirements, and a ton of new requirements, and a ton of new requirements, and a ton of new opportunities for people who know how to opportunities for people who know how to opportunities for people who know how to build these systems. So why is this build these systems. So why is this build these systems. So why is this happening now? What's driving the shift? happening now? What's driving the shift? happening now? What's driving the shift? It comes down to pretty much one thing It comes down to pretty much one thing It comes down to pretty much one thing which is companies are starting to hit which is companies are starting to hit which is companies are starting to hit that ceiling of what traditional that ceiling of what traditional that ceiling of what traditional automation can do and they're starting automation can do and they're starting automation can do and they're starting to realize they could move a lot faster to realize they could move a lot faster to realize they could move a lot faster with more agentic workflows. If you've with more agentic workflows. If you've with more agentic workflows. If you've been building workflows in tools like been building workflows in tools like been building workflows in tools like end to end or Zapier, you know the end to end or Zapier, you know the end to end or Zapier, you know the drill. You map out every step. You drill. You map out every step. You drill. You map out every step. You connect the different nodes or blocks. connect the different nodes or blocks. connect the different nodes or blocks. You handle the edge cases yourself and You handle the edge cases yourself and You handle the edge cases yourself and it works until it breaks because it works until it breaks because it works until it breaks because traditional workflows will break when traditional workflows will break when traditional workflows will break when they hit something unexpected. And when they hit something unexpected. And when they hit something unexpected. And when that happens, someone has to usually go that happens, someone has to usually go that happens, someone has to usually go in manually and fix that. And that's in manually and fix that. And that's in manually and fix that. And that's maintenance. That's time. That's maintenance. That's time. That's maintenance. That's time. That's ultimately money. Now, I do want to be ultimately money. Now, I do want to be ultimately money. Now, I do want to be real with you here because there's a lot real with you here because there's a lot real with you here because there's a lot of noise online about a dentic workflows of noise online about a dentic workflows of noise online about a dentic workflows that makes it sound like they're just that makes it sound like they're just that makes it sound like they're just completely magic and they fix themselves completely magic and they fix themselves completely magic and they fix themselves forever. And that is partially true, but forever. And that is partially true, but forever. And that is partially true, but only in a specific context, at least only in a specific context, at least only in a specific context, at least [music] right now. Cuz when you're [music] right now. Cuz when you're [music] right now. Cuz when you're actively working in a tool like Claude actively working in a tool like Claude actively working in a tool like Claude Code and you trigger a workflow yourself Code and you trigger a workflow yourself Code and you trigger a workflow yourself and say, "Hey, go research these and say, "Hey, go research these and say, "Hey, go research these competitors and build me a report." The competitors and build me a report." The competitors and build me a report." The agent is sitting right there with you. agent is sitting right there with you. agent is sitting right there with you. So, if something breaks, the agent can So, if something breaks, the agent can So, if something breaks, the agent can catch it mid-run. It can adjust its catch it mid-run. It can adjust its catch it mid-run. It can adjust its approach. It can update its tools and approach. It can update its tools and approach. It can update its tools and keep going. That self-healing piece is keep going. That self-healing piece is keep going. That self-healing piece is very, very real and it's incredibly very, very real and it's incredibly very, very real and it's incredibly powerful while you're building and while powerful while you're building and while powerful while you're building and while you're iterating. But once you deploy you're iterating. But once you deploy you're iterating. But once you deploy that workflow to run on its own on a that workflow to run on its own on a that workflow to run on its own on a schedule or triggered by a web hook or schedule or triggered by a web hook or schedule or triggered by a web hook or something like that, that is when you're something like that, that is when you're something like that, that is when you're deploying the code, you're deploying the deploying the code, you're deploying the deploying the code, you're deploying the tools, not the actual agent itself. So tools, not the actual agent itself. So tools, not the actual agent itself. So if you've seen my previous videos where if you've seen my previous videos where if you've seen my previous videos where we've used the WAT framework, we are we've used the WAT framework, we are we've used the WAT framework, we are basically deploying the W workflows and basically deploying the W workflows and basically deploying the W workflows and the T tools, but not the A agent. But the T tools, but not the A agent. But the T tools, but not the A agent. But I'll cover this more in depth later I'll cover this more in depth later I'll cover this more in depth later during the live build if you're during the live build if you're during the live build if you're confused. But what this means is that confused. But what this means is that confused. But what this means is that the self-healing ability ultimately goes the self-healing ability ultimately goes the self-healing ability ultimately goes away when the code is up in the cloud, away when the code is up in the cloud, away when the code is up in the cloud, you know, running automatically. And at you know, running automatically. And at you know, running automatically. And at that point, it does behave more like a that point, it does behave more like a that point, it does behave more like a traditional automation. But that's traditional automation. But that's traditional automation. But that's really a good thing because automations really a good thing because automations really a good thing because automations are predictable. They're deterministic. are predictable. They're deterministic. are predictable. They're deterministic. And those types are the best ones. So And those types are the best ones. So And those types are the best ones. So then where's the real advantage? Really, then where's the real advantage? Really, then where's the real advantage? Really, it sits in how you build. Traditional it sits in how you build. Traditional it sits in how you build. Traditional automation is like building a train automation is like building a train automation is like building a train track by hand. You're laying every rail, track by hand. You're laying every rail, track by hand. You're laying every rail, every switch, every connection all by every switch, every connection all by every switch, every connection all by yourself. Whereas with aentic workflows, yourself. Whereas with aentic workflows, yourself. Whereas with aentic workflows, it's like you're just telling a it's like you're just telling a it's like you're just telling a construction crew, "Hey, I need you to construction crew, "Hey, I need you to construction crew, "Hey, I need you to build a train track from here to there." build a train track from here to there." build a train track from here to there." And then they build it for you. Meaning, And then they build it for you. Meaning, And then they build it for you. Meaning, if they hit a problem during if they hit a problem during if they hit a problem during construction, they would figure it out. construction, they would figure it out. construction, they would figure it out. So you end up with a better train track. So you end up with a better train track. So you end up with a better train track. It's built faster with fewer mistakes It's built faster with fewer mistakes It's built faster with fewer mistakes because the agent handled the edge cases because the agent handled the edge cases because the agent handled the edge cases during the build process that you might during the build process that you might during the build process that you might have missed or not thought of. And then have missed or not thought of. And then have missed or not thought of. And then the idea is you battle test it before the idea is you battle test it before the idea is you battle test it before you ever actually deploy it. So then you you ever actually deploy it. So then you you ever actually deploy it. So then you have a lot of confidence that it will have a lot of confidence that it will have a lot of confidence that it will always work. So in our train analogy, always work. So in our train analogy, always work. So in our train analogy, before we deploy that train track, we before we deploy that train track, we before we deploy that train track, we would have like 10 different types of would have like 10 different types of would have like 10 different types of trains test drive on it. They would be trains test drive on it. They would be trains test drive on it. They would be different weights, different lengths, different weights, different lengths, different weights, different lengths, and maybe different wheels. And we'd and maybe different wheels. And we'd and maybe different wheels. And we'd want to make sure that our track can want to make sure that our track can want to make sure that our track can work for all different types of trains work for all different types of trains work for all different types of trains before we deploy it. And the reason this before we deploy it. And the reason this before we deploy it. And the reason this is actually possible now is because the is actually possible now is because the is actually possible now is because the technology has finally caught up. LM technology has finally caught up. LM technology has finally caught up. LM have gotten really reliable enough to have gotten really reliable enough to have gotten really reliable enough to use in production and we're not just use in production and we're not just use in production and we're not just playing around with chatbots anymore. playing around with chatbots anymore. playing around with chatbots anymore. These models can reason, they can make These models can reason, they can make These models can reason, they can make decisions and they can execute decisions and they can execute decisions and they can execute multi-step tasks with real consistency. multi-step tasks with real consistency. multi-step tasks with real consistency. On top of that, we've got things to use On top of that, we've got things to use On top of that, we've got things to use like skills or MCP or aa. We've also got like skills or MCP or aa. We've also got like skills or MCP or aa. We've also got infrastructure like trigger.dev, modal infrastructure like trigger.dev, modal infrastructure like trigger.dev, modal or versell that make deployment way or versell that make deployment way or versell that make deployment way simpler than it used to be. And most simpler than it used to be. And most simpler than it used to be. And most importantly, we've got tools like cloud importantly, we've got tools like cloud importantly, we've got tools like cloud code that make all of this accessible to code that make all of this accessible to code that make all of this accessible to non-developers. So, we can see that the non-developers. So, we can see that the non-developers. So, we can see that the market is absolutely shifting towards market is absolutely shifting towards market is absolutely shifting towards aic systems and the numbers back it up. aic systems and the numbers back it up. aic systems and the numbers back it up. But here's a question that's probably on But here's a question that's probably on But here's a question that's probably on your mind. Does this mean everything your mind. Does this mean everything your mind. Does this mean everything that I've learned about Naden or that I've learned about Naden or that I've learned about Naden or traditional automation is useless? Not traditional automation is useless? Not traditional automation is useless? Not even close. And let me explain why. The even close. And let me explain why. The even close. And let me explain why. The people who are going to struggle with people who are going to struggle with people who are going to struggle with agentic workflows are the ones who agentic workflows are the ones who agentic workflows are the ones who completely skip those fundamentals and completely skip those fundamentals and completely skip those fundamentals and jump straight into cloud code, tell it jump straight into cloud code, tell it jump straight into cloud code, tell it to build something, and have no idea if to build something, and have no idea if to build something, and have no idea if what is being built is actually good. what is being built is actually good. what is being built is actually good. They probably don't know what a web hook They probably don't know what a web hook They probably don't know what a web hook is or how APIs work. They won't be able is or how APIs work. They won't be able is or how APIs work. They won't be able to spot when the agent made a bad to spot when the agent made a bad to spot when the agent made a bad decision because they've never built the decision because they've never built the decision because they've never built the thing manually themselves. Now, that's thing manually themselves. Now, that's thing manually themselves. Now, that's not to say that a beginner can't learn not to say that a beginner can't learn not to say that a beginner can't learn cloud code. And because you actually cloud code. And because you actually cloud code. And because you actually understand how automations work under understand how automations work under understand how automations work under the hood, you can communicate precisely the hood, you can communicate precisely the hood, you can communicate precisely what you want much clearer. And you'll what you want much clearer. And you'll what you want much clearer. And you'll see once we hop into the live build just see once we hop into the live build just see once we hop into the live build just how important it is to actually be able how important it is to actually be able how important it is to actually be able to communicate really clearly. All to communicate really clearly. All to communicate really clearly. All right, so now you understand why agentic right, so now you understand why agentic right, so now you understand why agentic workflows are such a big deal. Now I'm workflows are such a big deal. Now I'm workflows are such a big deal. Now I'm going to show you how simple it is to going to show you how simple it is to going to show you how simple it is to build an agentic workflow using cloud build an agentic workflow using cloud build an agentic workflow using cloud code. And by the way, if you want to code. And by the way, if you want to code. And by the way, if you want to follow along with what I'm about to follow along with what I'm about to follow along with what I'm about to build, you can grab all the resources build, you can grab all the resources build, you can grab all the resources and files that you need completely for and files that you need completely for and files that you need completely for free in my free school community. The free in my free school community. The free in my free school community. The link for that is down in the link for that is down in the link for that is down in the description. All right, so we're now in description. All right, so we're now in description. All right, so we're now in Visual Studio Code, which is where we're Visual Studio Code, which is where we're Visual Studio Code, which is where we're going to actually use Cloud Code. Visual going to actually use Cloud Code. Visual going to actually use Cloud Code. Visual Studio Code is just an IDE or an Studio Code is just an IDE or an Studio Code is just an IDE or an integrated development environment. And integrated development environment. And integrated development environment. And that's where, like I said, we're going that's where, like I said, we're going that's where, like I said, we're going to be using Cloud Code. So, if you don't to be using Cloud Code. So, if you don't to be using Cloud Code. So, if you don't have this up and running yet, all you have this up and running yet, all you have this up and running yet, all you have to do is go to a browser and type have to do is go to a browser and type have to do is go to a browser and type in Visual Studio Code and download the in Visual Studio Code and download the in Visual Studio Code and download the right one for your operating system. And right one for your operating system. And right one for your operating system. And then once you open that up, it should then once you open that up, it should then once you open that up, it should look like this. The first thing you have look like this. The first thing you have look like this. The first thing you have to do is install the Cloud Code to do is install the Cloud Code to do is install the Cloud Code extension. So, you're going to go over extension. So, you're going to go over extension. So, you're going to go over here to the lefth hand side. You're here to the lefth hand side. You're here to the lefth hand side. You're going to open up extensions. And then going to open up extensions. And then going to open up extensions. And then you will see right here cloud code. Or you will see right here cloud code. Or you will see right here cloud code. Or if you don't, you will search Cloud if you don't, you will search Cloud if you don't, you will search Cloud Code. And once you pull that open, it'll Code. And once you pull that open, it'll Code. And once you pull that open, it'll ask you to install it. And then once you ask you to install it. And then once you ask you to install it. And then once you do, it'll basically just prompt you to do, it'll basically just prompt you to do, it'll basically just prompt you to sign in with your Claude subscription. sign in with your Claude subscription. sign in with your Claude subscription. Now, you do have to be on a paid plan Now, you do have to be on a paid plan Now, you do have to be on a paid plan for Claude in order to access Cloud for Claude in order to access Cloud for Claude in order to access Cloud Code. As you can see on the free Code. As you can see on the free Code. As you can see on the free version, you don't get Claude Code, but version, you don't get Claude Code, but version, you don't get Claude Code, but right here on the paid version, you do. right here on the paid version, you do. right here on the paid version, you do. So, you can start off with the pro plan So, you can start off with the pro plan So, you can start off with the pro plan at 17 bucks a month. And then, if you at 17 bucks a month. And then, if you at 17 bucks a month. And then, if you need to, if you keep hitting limits, you need to, if you keep hitting limits, you need to, if you keep hitting limits, you can upgrade to max, which honestly, you can upgrade to max, which honestly, you can upgrade to max, which honestly, you probably will. I'm on the max plan, and probably will. I'm on the max plan, and probably will. I'm on the max plan, and it is an amazing return on my it is an amazing return on my it is an amazing return on my investment. So, I would just go with the investment. So, I would just go with the investment. So, I would just go with the max. But anyways, you'll get max. But anyways, you'll get max. But anyways, you'll get authenticated, and then it will bring authenticated, and then it will bring authenticated, and then it will bring you back here. And now we can actually you back here. And now we can actually you back here. And now we can actually get going using cloud code and building get going using cloud code and building get going using cloud code and building workflows. So I'm going to close out of workflows. So I'm going to close out of workflows. So I'm going to close out of this screen. And what we're going to do this screen. And what we're going to do this screen. And what we're going to do now is we're going to open up a project. now is we're going to open up a project. now is we're going to open up a project. So on this lefth hand side, I'm going to So on this lefth hand side, I'm going to So on this lefth hand side, I'm going to go up here to explore. And this says you go up here to explore. And this says you go up here to explore. And this says you have not yet opened a folder. Open a have not yet opened a folder. Open a have not yet opened a folder. Open a folder. So essentially when we're in folder. So essentially when we're in folder. So essentially when we're in cloud code, we're going to be working cloud code, we're going to be working cloud code, we're going to be working within a certain folder. And that's kind within a certain folder. And that's kind within a certain folder. And that's kind of the way that I think of like this is of the way that I think of like this is of the way that I think of like this is the project that we're working on. So the project that we're working on. So the project that we're working on. So I'm going to click open folder and I'm I'm going to click open folder and I'm I'm going to click open folder and I'm going to open up a blank project. So you going to open up a blank project. So you going to open up a blank project. So you can see I'm in a folder called can see I'm in a folder called can see I'm in a folder called newsletters demo. And there's nothing in newsletters demo. And there's nothing in newsletters demo. And there's nothing in it. It's completely fresh. I'm going to it. It's completely fresh. I'm going to it. It's completely fresh. I'm going to click select folder. And now we can see click select folder. And now we can see click select folder. And now we can see we're in this project. I'm real quick we're in this project. I'm real quick we're in this project. I'm real quick just going to close out of this and just going to close out of this and just going to close out of this and close out of this just so we have a close out of this just so we have a close out of this just so we have a really clean interface to look at with really clean interface to look at with really clean interface to look at with not much going on and I can explain what not much going on and I can explain what not much going on and I can explain what we're actually about to do. So to make we're actually about to do. So to make we're actually about to do. So to make this as simple as possible in cloud code this as simple as possible in cloud code this as simple as possible in cloud code we have an agent and we have files. we have an agent and we have files. we have an agent and we have files. That's it. The lefth hand side is where That's it. The lefth hand side is where That's it. The lefth hand side is where we see those files. We'll see different we see those files. We'll see different we see those files. We'll see different workflows. We'll see tools. We'll see workflows. We'll see tools. We'll see workflows. We'll see tools. We'll see all these little things. And then on the all these little things. And then on the all these little things. And then on the right hand side we'll have the cloud right hand side we'll have the cloud right hand side we'll have the cloud code agent and that's where we talk to code agent and that's where we talk to code agent and that's where we talk to it. We plan with it. It asks us it. We plan with it. It asks us it. We plan with it. It asks us questions and it actually executes and questions and it actually executes and questions and it actually executes and writes the code or builds the workflow writes the code or builds the workflow writes the code or builds the workflow for us. So, if I switch back into Visual for us. So, if I switch back into Visual for us. So, if I switch back into Visual Studio Code and I double click right Studio Code and I double click right Studio Code and I double click right here and then I open up this button that here and then I open up this button that here and then I open up this button that says Claude Code, this is where we says Claude Code, this is where we says Claude Code, this is where we actually open up the actual Claude Code actually open up the actual Claude Code actually open up the actual Claude Code agent right there. So, I'll close out of agent right there. So, I'll close out of agent right there. So, I'll close out of this. You can see this is kind of what this. You can see this is kind of what this. You can see this is kind of what we're talking about now. Files on this we're talking about now. Files on this we're talking about now. Files on this side. There's nothing there yet. And the side. There's nothing there yet. And the side. There's nothing there yet. And the Claude Code agent right here. Now, what Claude Code agent right here. Now, what Claude Code agent right here. Now, what we have to do next is give Claude Code a we have to do next is give Claude Code a we have to do next is give Claude Code a cla.md file, which is basically just cla.md file, which is basically just cla.md file, which is basically just instructions for this specific project. instructions for this specific project. instructions for this specific project. And you can really just think of this as And you can really just think of this as And you can really just think of this as a system prompt. So that way when we the a system prompt. So that way when we the a system prompt. So that way when we the user send a message to our cloud code user send a message to our cloud code user send a message to our cloud code agent, it doesn't just process what we agent, it doesn't just process what we agent, it doesn't just process what we said and respond to us, but it also said and respond to us, but it also said and respond to us, but it also every time reads the claw.md file. So every time reads the claw.md file. So every time reads the claw.md file. So this is where you're going to put this is where you're going to put this is where you're going to put important things like how the folders important things like how the folders important things like how the folders are laid out. You know where to find are laid out. You know where to find are laid out. You know where to find your different files, what its end goal your different files, what its end goal your different files, what its end goal is, any frameworks that you might be is, any frameworks that you might be is, any frameworks that you might be using. So in this case, what we're going using. So in this case, what we're going using. So in this case, what we're going to be doing is we're going to be using a to be doing is we're going to be using a to be doing is we're going to be using a framework called WAT, which stands for framework called WAT, which stands for framework called WAT, which stands for workflows, agent, and tools. So, real workflows, agent, and tools. So, real workflows, agent, and tools. So, real quick, if you pop over to my free quick, if you pop over to my free quick, if you pop over to my free community and you go to the classroom community and you go to the classroom community and you go to the classroom and then you click on cloud code right and then you click on cloud code right and then you click on cloud code right here, you'll see the watclaw.mmd and you here, you'll see the watclaw.mmd and you here, you'll see the watclaw.mmd and you can go ahead and download this file can go ahead and download this file can go ahead and download this file right here. And once you've downloaded right here. And once you've downloaded right here. And once you've downloaded that file, you can actually just drag it that file, you can actually just drag it that file, you can actually just drag it over here to the lefth hand side and it over here to the lefth hand side and it over here to the lefth hand side and it should pop up as cloud.md. And if you should pop up as cloud.md. And if you should pop up as cloud.md. And if you wanted to, you could read through this wanted to, you could read through this wanted to, you could read through this entire basically system prompt to see entire basically system prompt to see entire basically system prompt to see what I'm telling it about how to build what I'm telling it about how to build what I'm telling it about how to build workflows, how to build tools, how to workflows, how to build tools, how to workflows, how to build tools, how to keep learning and how to, you know, set keep learning and how to, you know, set keep learning and how to, you know, set up its its folders and everything. But up its its folders and everything. But up its its folders and everything. But I'm not going to read that all out right I'm not going to read that all out right I'm not going to read that all out right now. What I'm going to do is just now. What I'm going to do is just now. What I'm going to do is just basically tell Claude Code to set up the basically tell Claude Code to set up the basically tell Claude Code to set up the project. read the claw.mmd file and then project. read the claw.mmd file and then project. read the claw.mmd file and then set up the project and the structure and set up the project and the structure and set up the project and the structure and then we'll start building workflows then we'll start building workflows then we'll start building workflows together. So I'm basically just going to together. So I'm basically just going to together. So I'm basically just going to shoot that off and it's going to go shoot that off and it's going to go shoot that off and it's going to go ahead and read that and get everything ahead and read that and get everything ahead and read that and get everything ready. So we'll see soon on the lefth ready. So we'll see soon on the lefth ready. So we'll see soon on the lefth hand side we've got all our different hand side we've got all our different hand side we've got all our different folders set up. But while it's going folders set up. But while it's going folders set up. But while it's going through and doing that let me just through and doing that let me just through and doing that let me just explain what these different things are. explain what these different things are. explain what these different things are. So agent that is the actual cloud code So agent that is the actual cloud code So agent that is the actual cloud code agent that we just talked to as you saw agent that we just talked to as you saw agent that we just talked to as you saw and the agent utilizes workflows and and the agent utilizes workflows and and the agent utilizes workflows and tools to help us automate things. So the tools to help us automate things. So the tools to help us automate things. So the first thing is workflows. These are first thing is workflows. These are first thing is workflows. These are markdown files which you just saw markdown files which you just saw markdown files which you just saw similar to the cloudMD and it looks like similar to the cloudMD and it looks like similar to the cloudMD and it looks like this. It's basically completely natural this. It's basically completely natural this. It's basically completely natural language. You could read through every language. You could read through every language. You could read through every line and understand exactly what's going line and understand exactly what's going line and understand exactly what's going on. It just uses things like pound signs on. It just uses things like pound signs on. It just uses things like pound signs and, you know, dashes and asterisks to and, you know, dashes and asterisks to and, you know, dashes and asterisks to separate like what's a header and what's separate like what's a header and what's separate like what's a header and what's bold to stress importance for the agent. bold to stress importance for the agent. bold to stress importance for the agent. Workflows are natural language Workflows are natural language Workflows are natural language processes, instructions. So, right now, processes, instructions. So, right now, processes, instructions. So, right now, let's just use an analogy of a recipe. let's just use an analogy of a recipe. let's just use an analogy of a recipe. The workflow is the recipe. So, you'd The workflow is the recipe. So, you'd The workflow is the recipe. So, you'd have a workflow for how to bake a have a workflow for how to bake a have a workflow for how to bake a chocolate cake. And when you want to chocolate cake. And when you want to chocolate cake. And when you want to bake that chocolate cake, it's going to bake that chocolate cake, it's going to bake that chocolate cake, it's going to tell you what to do in certain order. tell you what to do in certain order. tell you what to do in certain order. So, it's going to say, "Preheat the oven So, it's going to say, "Preheat the oven So, it's going to say, "Preheat the oven to this. Boil some water." I don't know to this. Boil some water." I don't know to this. Boil some water." I don't know why you'd boil water for a cake. Crack why you'd boil water for a cake. Crack why you'd boil water for a cake. Crack two eggs in a bowl, you know, measure two eggs in a bowl, you know, measure two eggs in a bowl, you know, measure out a cup of flour, whatever it is. And out a cup of flour, whatever it is. And out a cup of flour, whatever it is. And those are the tools. So, the tools are those are the tools. So, the tools are those are the tools. So, the tools are all of the ingredients, but without the all of the ingredients, but without the all of the ingredients, but without the structure of the workflow, saying use structure of the workflow, saying use structure of the workflow, saying use tool one, then tool 5, then tool 7, then tool one, then tool 5, then tool 7, then tool one, then tool 5, then tool 7, then tool 10. Without the order and the tool 10. Without the order and the tool 10. Without the order and the structure, the tools are useless. So, structure, the tools are useless. So, structure, the tools are useless. So, basically, the workflows tell the agent basically, the workflows tell the agent basically, the workflows tell the agent how to build the tools. And what's how to build the tools. And what's how to build the tools. And what's really cool about both of these is as really cool about both of these is as really cool about both of these is as they're being built and as they're being they're being built and as they're being they're being built and as they're being used, the agent will improve them over used, the agent will improve them over used, the agent will improve them over time if it makes mistakes or if it time if it makes mistakes or if it time if it makes mistakes or if it learns things. So that is why we use the learns things. So that is why we use the learns things. So that is why we use the WAT framework to build our workflows WAT framework to build our workflows WAT framework to build our workflows with cloud code. So now that that's with cloud code. So now that that's with cloud code. So now that that's done, you can see that this is finished done, you can see that this is finished done, you can see that this is finished up and it's basically said, okay, the up and it's basically said, okay, the up and it's basically said, okay, the project is set up. Here's a summary of project is set up. Here's a summary of project is set up. Here's a summary of the structure. Here's what I understand. the structure. Here's what I understand. the structure. Here's what I understand. We're going to be building workflows in We're going to be building workflows in We're going to be building workflows in this project likely around newsletter this project likely around newsletter this project likely around newsletter operations. WAT framework. I will act as operations. WAT framework. I will act as operations. WAT framework. I will act as the agent. I will read workflows. I will the agent. I will read workflows. I will the agent. I will read workflows. I will run tools. I will handle errors and run tools. I will handle errors and run tools. I will handle errors and improve the system. I've got Python improve the system. I've got Python improve the system. I've got Python ready to go. And I'm going to store ready to go. And I'm going to store ready to go. And I'm going to store secrets in thev. So this is where we're secrets in thev. So this is where we're secrets in thev. So this is where we're going to put our API keys rather than going to put our API keys rather than going to put our API keys rather than putting them straight into claw so that putting them straight into claw so that putting them straight into claw so that they could be exposed who knows where. they could be exposed who knows where. they could be exposed who knows where. Okay. So, what I'm going to do is go Okay. So, what I'm going to do is go Okay. So, what I'm going to do is go ahead and do a /cle just to get rid of ahead and do a /cle just to get rid of ahead and do a /cle just to get rid of this conversation and we can start this conversation and we can start this conversation and we can start fresh. And we're going to start to plan fresh. And we're going to start to plan fresh. And we're going to start to plan out this workflow that we want to build. out this workflow that we want to build. out this workflow that we want to build. Before we start planning, I'm going to Before we start planning, I'm going to Before we start planning, I'm going to switch this to plan mode. So, you can switch this to plan mode. So, you can switch this to plan mode. So, you can see we're in bypass permissions. You can see we're in bypass permissions. You can see we're in bypass permissions. You can go to ask before edits. You can go to go to ask before edits. You can go to go to ask before edits. You can go to edit automatically. But I want to go to edit automatically. But I want to go to edit automatically. But I want to go to plan mode. And it's really, really plan mode. And it's really, really plan mode. And it's really, really important, as we talked about earlier, important, as we talked about earlier, important, as we talked about earlier, to be able to communicate clearly what to be able to communicate clearly what to be able to communicate clearly what you want. And the cool thing about Cloud you want. And the cool thing about Cloud you want. And the cool thing about Cloud Code is when we give it a plan, even if Code is when we give it a plan, even if Code is when we give it a plan, even if it's pretty ambiguous, it will come back it's pretty ambiguous, it will come back it's pretty ambiguous, it will come back and say, "Okay, in order for this to be and say, "Okay, in order for this to be and say, "Okay, in order for this to be good, I need to know X, Y, and Z." So, good, I need to know X, Y, and Z." So, good, I need to know X, Y, and Z." So, I'm going to give it a fairly ambiguous I'm going to give it a fairly ambiguous I'm going to give it a fairly ambiguous prompt here. And then you're going to prompt here. And then you're going to prompt here. And then you're going to see it ask us questions and plan out see it ask us questions and plan out see it ask us questions and plan out this workflow for us. Hey Claude, I want this workflow for us. Hey Claude, I want this workflow for us. Hey Claude, I want to build a workflow which will basically to build a workflow which will basically to build a workflow which will basically be a newsletter automation. I want to be be a newsletter automation. I want to be be a newsletter automation. I want to be able to tell you that I need a able to tell you that I need a able to tell you that I need a newsletter about a certain topic and you newsletter about a certain topic and you newsletter about a certain topic and you will do research. You will structure it will do research. You will structure it will do research. You will structure it in HTML. You will make it look pretty in HTML. You will make it look pretty in HTML. You will make it look pretty and you will also create a few and you will also create a few and you will also create a few infographics to go with it. So help me infographics to go with it. So help me infographics to go with it. So help me figure out what text stack to use here figure out what text stack to use here figure out what text stack to use here and what else you might suggest that I and what else you might suggest that I and what else you might suggest that I haven't yet thought of. So I'm going to haven't yet thought of. So I'm going to haven't yet thought of. So I'm going to shoot that off. Now, whether we're in shoot that off. Now, whether we're in shoot that off. Now, whether we're in plan mode or, you know, bypass plan mode or, you know, bypass plan mode or, you know, bypass permissions, what happens is the agent permissions, what happens is the agent permissions, what happens is the agent starts thinking and it starts testing starts thinking and it starts testing starts thinking and it starts testing things out. So, it's thinking, it's things out. So, it's thinking, it's things out. So, it's thinking, it's reading through files, it has this reading through files, it has this reading through files, it has this little thing that will say computing or little thing that will say computing or little thing that will say computing or deciphering or wobbling or whatever it deciphering or wobbling or whatever it deciphering or wobbling or whatever it is, just a bunch of little silly words. is, just a bunch of little silly words. is, just a bunch of little silly words. Um, but that just basically shows you Um, but that just basically shows you Um, but that just basically shows you exactly what it's doing. All right, so exactly what it's doing. All right, so exactly what it's doing. All right, so we're just at the point where it's we're just at the point where it's we're just at the point where it's asking us some questions before it asking us some questions before it asking us some questions before it continues working on the plan. The first continues working on the plan. The first continues working on the plan. The first thing is for research, do you want to thing is for research, do you want to thing is for research, do you want to add an external search API to pull in add an external search API to pull in add an external search API to pull in data? So, what I'm going to do is say, data? So, what I'm going to do is say, data? So, what I'm going to do is say, yeah, sure. Let's just go ahead and do yeah, sure. Let's just go ahead and do yeah, sure. Let's just go ahead and do perplexity. for delivery. It asks us if perplexity. for delivery. It asks us if perplexity. for delivery. It asks us if we want to use Beehive or if we just we want to use Beehive or if we just we want to use Beehive or if we just want to send the HTML file for now. I'm want to send the HTML file for now. I'm want to send the HTML file for now. I'm actually just going to go ahead and say actually just going to go ahead and say actually just going to go ahead and say let's actually just send this over in let's actually just send this over in let's actually just send this over in Gmail. And now it asks us about brand Gmail. And now it asks us about brand Gmail. And now it asks us about brand assets, which is really cool. So, if we assets, which is really cool. So, if we assets, which is really cool. So, if we want to, we can send over some brand want to, we can send over some brand want to, we can send over some brand guidelines or logos and stuff like that guidelines or logos and stuff like that guidelines or logos and stuff like that to make sure that the newsletters are to make sure that the newsletters are to make sure that the newsletters are always formatted and they feel on brand. always formatted and they feel on brand. always formatted and they feel on brand. So, I'm going to go ahead and say yes, I So, I'm going to go ahead and say yes, I So, I'm going to go ahead and say yes, I will provide some brand assets. So, then will provide some brand assets. So, then will provide some brand assets. So, then what happens is it comes back with a what happens is it comes back with a what happens is it comes back with a final plan. Let me just zoom out a final plan. Let me just zoom out a final plan. Let me just zoom out a little bit so we can actually see that a little bit so we can actually see that a little bit so we can actually see that a little bit better. We'll go ahead and little bit better. We'll go ahead and little bit better. We'll go ahead and see what it came up with. So, newsletter see what it came up with. So, newsletter see what it came up with. So, newsletter automation workflow. We want to conduct automation workflow. We want to conduct automation workflow. We want to conduct research, generate HTML with polished research, generate HTML with polished research, generate HTML with polished visual design, create infographics to visual design, create infographics to visual design, create infographics to accompany the content. We've got a accompany the content. We've got a accompany the content. We've got a research layer. We've got the content research layer. We've got the content research layer. We've got the content generation. We got the infographics. So, generation. We got the infographics. So, generation. We got the infographics. So, it says that it could use data stats it says that it could use data stats it says that it could use data stats infographics or it could use SVG. Why infographics or it could use SVG. Why infographics or it could use SVG. Why not image generation? It's too not image generation? It's too not image generation? It's too unpredictable. It can't embed. I'm unpredictable. It can't embed. I'm unpredictable. It can't embed. I'm actually going to go ahead and say that actually going to go ahead and say that actually going to go ahead and say that I wanted to use nanobanana. So, I'm I wanted to use nanobanana. So, I'm I wanted to use nanobanana. So, I'm going to go ahead and type in here for going to go ahead and type in here for going to go ahead and type in here for the infographics. I want you to generate the infographics. I want you to generate the infographics. I want you to generate AI images using nano banana. You can use AI images using nano banana. You can use AI images using nano banana. You can use a platform called key.ai. So this just a platform called key.ai. So this just a platform called key.ai. So this just shows the importance of plan mode and shows the importance of plan mode and shows the importance of plan mode and reading through the plan so that you can reading through the plan so that you can reading through the plan so that you can make sure before it actually starts make sure before it actually starts make sure before it actually starts building everything you like what it's building everything you like what it's building everything you like what it's going to do. Okay. So now that new plan going to do. Okay. So now that new plan going to do. Okay. So now that new plan has been done you can see the text stack has been done you can see the text stack has been done you can see the text stack is going to be research with perplexity. is going to be research with perplexity. is going to be research with perplexity. The content will be written with claude. The content will be written with claude. The content will be written with claude. The infographics will be created with The infographics will be created with The infographics will be created with nano banana. We will write the email in nano banana. We will write the email in nano banana. We will write the email in HTML and then send that via Gmail. And HTML and then send that via Gmail. And HTML and then send that via Gmail. And it even comes up with a section here it even comes up with a section here it even comes up with a section here about things the user likely hasn't about things the user likely hasn't about things the user likely hasn't considered. So things like human review, considered. So things like human review, considered. So things like human review, subject line, metadata, brand subject line, metadata, brand subject line, metadata, brand consistency, all this type of stuff. consistency, all this type of stuff. consistency, all this type of stuff. Now, the last thing that I actually Now, the last thing that I actually Now, the last thing that I actually forgot to give it was my brand assets. forgot to give it was my brand assets. forgot to give it was my brand assets. So, what I'm going to do real quick So, what I'm going to do real quick So, what I'm going to do real quick before we accept or, you know, keep before we accept or, you know, keep before we accept or, you know, keep working on the plan, I'm going to create working on the plan, I'm going to create working on the plan, I'm going to create a new folder over here. I'm going to a new folder over here. I'm going to a new folder over here. I'm going to call this brand_assets. call this brand_assets. call this brand_assets. And you can see I dragged in two things. And you can see I dragged in two things. And you can see I dragged in two things. I dragged in AISPG, which is our logo, I dragged in AISPG, which is our logo, I dragged in AISPG, which is our logo, and I dragged in our brand guidelines. and I dragged in our brand guidelines. and I dragged in our brand guidelines. So, I want the newsletter to be So, I want the newsletter to be So, I want the newsletter to be formatted in this way. So, I'm going to formatted in this way. So, I'm going to formatted in this way. So, I'm going to click on no key planning, and I'm going click on no key planning, and I'm going click on no key planning, and I'm going to tell Claude that it needs to use to tell Claude that it needs to use to tell Claude that it needs to use those two assets. So, what's cool is those two assets. So, what's cool is those two assets. So, what's cool is that I can actually directly tag them. that I can actually directly tag them. that I can actually directly tag them. So I'm saying make sure the whole So I'm saying make sure the whole So I'm saying make sure the whole newsletter is branded based on my logo newsletter is branded based on my logo newsletter is branded based on my logo and brand guidelines. So for logo I'm and brand guidelines. So for logo I'm and brand guidelines. So for logo I'm going to do at and I'm going to type in going to do at and I'm going to type in going to do at and I'm going to type in AIS. You can see that it's going to show AIS. You can see that it's going to show AIS. You can see that it's going to show AIS PNG. And then here I can do at AIS AIS PNG. And then here I can do at AIS AIS PNG. And then here I can do at AIS and I'm going to click on brand and I'm going to click on brand and I'm going to click on brand guidelines. So now it's going to look at guidelines. So now it's going to look at guidelines. So now it's going to look at those exact two things and it's going to those exact two things and it's going to those exact two things and it's going to be able to make sure that the newsletter be able to make sure that the newsletter be able to make sure that the newsletter is branded. Okay. So this time the plan is branded. Okay. So this time the plan is branded. Okay. So this time the plan looks good to go and I'm just going to looks good to go and I'm just going to looks good to go and I'm just going to go ahead and auto accept and I'm going go ahead and auto accept and I'm going go ahead and auto accept and I'm going to turn on bypass permissions. So it's to turn on bypass permissions. So it's to turn on bypass permissions. So it's going to build everything out. It's going to build everything out. It's going to build everything out. It's going to put the different files that we going to put the different files that we going to put the different files that we need and then we should be able to need and then we should be able to need and then we should be able to basically just add our API keys and then basically just add our API keys and then basically just add our API keys and then test it. So, what it's doing now is it test it. So, what it's doing now is it test it. So, what it's doing now is it creates a to-do list. So, this is all of creates a to-do list. So, this is all of creates a to-do list. So, this is all of the things that it has to do and as it the things that it has to do and as it the things that it has to do and as it actually completes them, it crosses them actually completes them, it crosses them actually completes them, it crosses them out. So, it's really cool because you out. So, it's really cool because you out. So, it's really cool because you can work on something else on a can work on something else on a can work on something else on a different screen and just kind of check different screen and just kind of check different screen and just kind of check in on cloud code to see where it's at in on cloud code to see where it's at in on cloud code to see where it's at and if it needs any help. Now, you guys and if it needs any help. Now, you guys and if it needs any help. Now, you guys may be wondering about this bypass may be wondering about this bypass may be wondering about this bypass permissions mode. If you don't see this, permissions mode. If you don't see this, permissions mode. If you don't see this, you just have to go to your settings. In you just have to go to your settings. In you just have to go to your settings. In your settings, search for cloud code. your settings, search for cloud code. your settings, search for cloud code. And then right here, you'll be able to And then right here, you'll be able to And then right here, you'll be able to see allow dangerously skip permissions, see allow dangerously skip permissions, see allow dangerously skip permissions, which turns on allow bypass permissions which turns on allow bypass permissions which turns on allow bypass permissions mode. Okay, so that is finished up. It's mode. Okay, so that is finished up. It's mode. Okay, so that is finished up. It's telling us here's what it built. So it telling us here's what it built. So it telling us here's what it built. So it created two config files which we can created two config files which we can created two config files which we can see right here. It's got newsletter see right here. It's got newsletter see right here. It's got newsletter the colors and the text and the the colors and the text and the the colors and the text and the background and it's got recipients which background and it's got recipients which background and it's got recipients which is where we need to add who this is is where we need to add who this is is where we need to add who this is actually being sent to. So this is where actually being sent to. So this is where actually being sent to. So this is where we would add a huge list of you know our we would add a huge list of you know our we would add a huge list of you know our email list basically. Then it created 1 email list basically. Then it created 1 email list basically. Then it created 1 2 3 4 five different tools. If I open up 2 3 4 five different tools. If I open up 2 3 4 five different tools. If I open up those right here the tools are research, those right here the tools are research, those right here the tools are research, generate infographic, assemble HTML, generate infographic, assemble HTML, generate infographic, assemble HTML, send via Gmail and archive to sheets. send via Gmail and archive to sheets. send via Gmail and archive to sheets. And here is what all of those five tools And here is what all of those five tools And here is what all of those five tools do. And then of course we have the do. And then of course we have the do. And then of course we have the actual workflow right here which is our actual workflow right here which is our actual workflow right here which is our markdown file which basically shows step markdown file which basically shows step markdown file which basically shows step by step how to actually build the by step how to actually build the by step how to actually build the newsletter and what tools to use. And newsletter and what tools to use. And newsletter and what tools to use. And this is the complete natural language this is the complete natural language this is the complete natural language just explaining the process. So now that just explaining the process. So now that just explaining the process. So now that those have all been created the last those have all been created the last those have all been created the last thing that we have to do before we thing that we have to do before we thing that we have to do before we actually test it out is we have to give actually test it out is we have to give actually test it out is we have to give it credentials. So anthropic perplexity it credentials. So anthropic perplexity it credentials. So anthropic perplexity key.ai and then our Gmail. So what I'd key.ai and then our Gmail. So what I'd key.ai and then our Gmail. So what I'd do is I go to Plexity grab my API key. I do is I go to Plexity grab my API key. I do is I go to Plexity grab my API key. I would come into thev and then over here would come into thev and then over here would come into thev and then over here it's created these placeholders. So all it's created these placeholders. So all it's created these placeholders. So all that I have to do is paste in my API key that I have to do is paste in my API key that I have to do is paste in my API key right there and then hit save to make right there and then hit save to make right there and then hit save to make sure that all this saves. So I'm going sure that all this saves. So I'm going sure that all this saves. So I'm going to go ahead and do this now for my other to go ahead and do this now for my other to go ahead and do this now for my other API keys. Okay, so we've done everything API keys. Okay, so we've done everything API keys. Okay, so we've done everything that it told us to do. We've set up all that it told us to do. We've set up all that it told us to do. We've set up all our credentials. At least I hope we our credentials. At least I hope we our credentials. At least I hope we have. If we run into any errors, Cloud have. If we run into any errors, Cloud have. If we run into any errors, Cloud Code should fix it or tell us what to Code should fix it or tell us what to Code should fix it or tell us what to do. What I'm going to do now is just do. What I'm going to do now is just do. What I'm going to do now is just kick off a prompt. Write me a newsletter kick off a prompt. Write me a newsletter kick off a prompt. Write me a newsletter about Aentic AI. So I literally just about Aentic AI. So I literally just about Aentic AI. So I literally just said, write me a newsletter about Aentic said, write me a newsletter about Aentic said, write me a newsletter about Aentic AI. And that's it. What it's doing now AI. And that's it. What it's doing now AI. And that's it. What it's doing now is it's looking through the relevant is it's looking through the relevant is it's looking through the relevant workflows and tools, and it's going to workflows and tools, and it's going to workflows and tools, and it's going to figure out what to do. Here you can see figure out what to do. Here you can see figure out what to do. Here you can see it said, "I found the newsletter it said, "I found the newsletter it said, "I found the newsletter workflow. Starting with step one, I'm workflow. Starting with step one, I'm workflow. Starting with step one, I'm going to do some research." You can see going to do some research." You can see going to do some research." You can see after that it's going to plan and after that it's going to plan and after that it's going to plan and generate the infographics. It's going to generate the infographics. It's going to generate the infographics. It's going to write the newsletter content and then we write the newsletter content and then we write the newsletter content and then we actually have a human review point. So actually have a human review point. So actually have a human review point. So it's going to get subject line approval it's going to get subject line approval it's going to get subject line approval and then if it's approved, it'll go and then if it's approved, it'll go and then if it's approved, it'll go ahead and send the newsletter. So now ahead and send the newsletter. So now ahead and send the newsletter. So now your job at this point is just to watch your job at this point is just to watch your job at this point is just to watch it and to make sure it's doing it and to make sure it's doing it and to make sure it's doing everything right. And if it runs into everything right. And if it runs into everything right. And if it runs into issues, it should fix itself. But issues, it should fix itself. But issues, it should fix itself. But sometimes it may need you to help steer sometimes it may need you to help steer sometimes it may need you to help steer it in the right direction. The first it in the right direction. The first it in the right direction. The first test run is the only one where it's test run is the only one where it's test run is the only one where it's really like this because you have to see really like this because you have to see really like this because you have to see how it works. But then after that, you how it works. But then after that, you how it works. But then after that, you should be able to just trust that it's should be able to just trust that it's should be able to just trust that it's going to run pretty much perfectly every going to run pretty much perfectly every going to run pretty much perfectly every time. Here you can see we've already run time. Here you can see we've already run time. Here you can see we've already run into our first issue. There was a unic into our first issue. There was a unic into our first issue. There was a unic code encoding issue, but it's just going code encoding issue, but it's just going code encoding issue, but it's just going to go ahead and fix it. And that's great to go ahead and fix it. And that's great to go ahead and fix it. And that's great because I don't really know what this because I don't really know what this because I don't really know what this means at all. So I'm glad that it means at all. So I'm glad that it means at all. So I'm glad that it understands what to do. Nice. So you can understands what to do. Nice. So you can understands what to do. Nice. So you can see it planned out three infographics. see it planned out three infographics. see it planned out three infographics. It's got a market growth. It's got It's got a market growth. It's got It's got a market growth. It's got Gartner road map and it's got impact Gartner road map and it's got impact Gartner road map and it's got impact metrics. So here's a good example. It metrics. So here's a good example. It metrics. So here's a good example. It was trying to generate those was trying to generate those was trying to generate those infographics using key.AI, and it was infographics using key.AI, and it was infographics using key.AI, and it was getting an error. So what it did is it getting an error. So what it did is it getting an error. So what it did is it looked into the problem. It said, "Let looked into the problem. It said, "Let looked into the problem. It said, "Let me investigate to find the correct me investigate to find the correct me investigate to find the correct endpoint." It did some web searching. It endpoint." It did some web searching. It endpoint." It did some web searching. It looked through the docs. It did multiple looked through the docs. It did multiple looked through the docs. It did multiple searches as you can see. And it figured searches as you can see. And it figured searches as you can see. And it figured out that the endpoints have changed. And out that the endpoints have changed. And out that the endpoints have changed. And now it's able to switch the tool so that now it's able to switch the tool so that now it's able to switch the tool so that it works this time. There we go. So, it it works this time. There we go. So, it it works this time. There we go. So, it said, "I found the fix. Here's the right said, "I found the fix. Here's the right said, "I found the fix. Here's the right endpoint. Let me update the tool so that endpoint. Let me update the tool so that endpoint. Let me update the tool so that this doesn't happen again." And now it this doesn't happen again." And now it this doesn't happen again." And now it just went ahead and fixed the tool. All just went ahead and fixed the tool. All just went ahead and fixed the tool. All right. At this point, it did a human right. At this point, it did a human right. At this point, it did a human review step. And we could obviously say review step. And we could obviously say review step. And we could obviously say we don't want this if we don't want it. we don't want this if we don't want it. we don't want this if we don't want it. But for now, let's just go ahead and see But for now, let's just go ahead and see But for now, let's just go ahead and see what it wants. It wants us to approve a what it wants. It wants us to approve a what it wants. It wants us to approve a subject line. It asks us to choose which subject line. It asks us to choose which subject line. It asks us to choose which one. I'll go ahead and send five. And one. I'll go ahead and send five. And one. I'll go ahead and send five. And then we will see the final output. Okay. then we will see the final output. Okay. then we will see the final output. Okay. So, a few things happened and I'm So, a few things happened and I'm So, a few things happened and I'm actually glad they did so I can show you actually glad they did so I can show you actually glad they did so I can show you how you need to troubleshoot this. So, how you need to troubleshoot this. So, how you need to troubleshoot this. So, the first thing is we got the email, but the first thing is we got the email, but the first thing is we got the email, but the HTML is all messed up. It came the HTML is all messed up. It came the HTML is all messed up. It came through with a background color, but through with a background color, but through with a background color, but then all of this just is horrible. So, then all of this just is horrible. So, then all of this just is horrible. So, we're going to have it fix this. The we're going to have it fix this. The we're going to have it fix this. The second thing is I gave it the wrong second thing is I gave it the wrong second thing is I gave it the wrong Google sheet ID to archive to sheets Google sheet ID to archive to sheets Google sheet ID to archive to sheets because there was some sort of access because there was some sort of access because there was some sort of access issue. So, I'm going to go ahead and fix issue. So, I'm going to go ahead and fix issue. So, I'm going to go ahead and fix that sheet ID and I'm just going to use that sheet ID and I'm just going to use that sheet ID and I'm just going to use my natural language to tell it that this my natural language to tell it that this my natural language to tell it that this is horrible. I've updated the sheet ID. is horrible. I've updated the sheet ID. is horrible. I've updated the sheet ID. However, the actual email that I However, the actual email that I However, the actual email that I received is completely awful. I can't received is completely awful. I can't received is completely awful. I can't read any of it. It doesn't even make any read any of it. It doesn't even make any read any of it. It doesn't even make any sense. take a look at figure out what sense. take a look at figure out what sense. take a look at figure out what happened and try to send me it again. happened and try to send me it again. happened and try to send me it again. So, it's going to go ahead and diagnose So, it's going to go ahead and diagnose So, it's going to go ahead and diagnose what happened and then hopefully send us what happened and then hopefully send us what happened and then hopefully send us a better version. So, once again, it a better version. So, once again, it a better version. So, once again, it found the issue. It found out exactly found the issue. It found out exactly found the issue. It found out exactly how to fix it and now it's updating the how to fix it and now it's updating the how to fix it and now it's updating the workflow in the tool so it doesn't workflow in the tool so it doesn't workflow in the tool so it doesn't happen again. Now, of course, cloud happen again. Now, of course, cloud happen again. Now, of course, cloud code's not perfect. You guys can see code's not perfect. You guys can see code's not perfect. You guys can see that in this demo, but think about if that in this demo, but think about if that in this demo, but think about if you were doing this in something else you were doing this in something else you were doing this in something else like ended or something that's a bit like ended or something that's a bit like ended or something that's a bit more manual and you were running into more manual and you were running into more manual and you were running into these issues and you'd have to go back these issues and you'd have to go back these issues and you'd have to go back and fix all of the logic yourself and and fix all of the logic yourself and and fix all of the logic yourself and try to debug all this. I've literally try to debug all this. I've literally try to debug all this. I've literally just been telling it to fix it and then just been telling it to fix it and then just been telling it to fix it and then like doing other work or going in the like doing other work or going in the like doing other work or going in the other room and waiting for it to figure other room and waiting for it to figure other room and waiting for it to figure it out on its own. Okay, now it fixed it out on its own. Okay, now it fixed it out on its own. Okay, now it fixed everything. And if I go over to my everything. And if I go over to my everything. And if I go over to my email, we see this newsletter. What email, we see this newsletter. What email, we see this newsletter. What happens when AI stops waiting for happens when AI stops waiting for happens when AI stops waiting for instructions? We can see that we've got instructions? We can see that we've got instructions? We can see that we've got our logo up top. We've got AIS our logo up top. We've got AIS our logo up top. We've got AIS intelligence brief. It does think that intelligence brief. It does think that intelligence brief. It does think that it's June 2026, which is wrong, but we it's June 2026, which is wrong, but we it's June 2026, which is wrong, but we could obviously fix that very easily. could obviously fix that very easily. could obviously fix that very easily. But now we move into the actual But now we move into the actual But now we move into the actual newsletter. And keep in mind, this newsletter. And keep in mind, this newsletter. And keep in mind, this started with one prompt that said, started with one prompt that said, started with one prompt that said, "Write me a newsletter about Aentkai." "Write me a newsletter about Aentkai." "Write me a newsletter about Aentkai." That was it. Also, throughout the That was it. Also, throughout the That was it. Also, throughout the newsletter, pay attention to the fact newsletter, pay attention to the fact newsletter, pay attention to the fact that it's using our fonts. It's using that it's using our fonts. It's using that it's using our fonts. It's using our brand guidelines, our colors, all of our brand guidelines, our colors, all of our brand guidelines, our colors, all of that in this newsletter. So, the first that in this newsletter. So, the first that in this newsletter. So, the first section is about the market landscape, section is about the market landscape, section is about the market landscape, an explosion that cannot be ignored. I'm an explosion that cannot be ignored. I'm an explosion that cannot be ignored. I'm not going to go ahead and read all of not going to go ahead and read all of not going to go ahead and read all of this text. It would just take too long. this text. It would just take too long. this text. It would just take too long. A nanobanana AI generated image with A nanobanana AI generated image with A nanobanana AI generated image with text with graphics. And this infographic text with graphics. And this infographic text with graphics. And this infographic is also adhering to our brand is also adhering to our brand is also adhering to our brand guidelines. In section two, we have guidelines. In section two, we have guidelines. In section two, we have architecture. We've got a little bit of architecture. We've got a little bit of architecture. We've got a little bit of a quote here. And if we keep scrolling a quote here. And if we keep scrolling a quote here. And if we keep scrolling down, we've got some more statistics. down, we've got some more statistics. down, we've got some more statistics. We've got section three. We've got We've got section three. We've got We've got section three. We've got another quote. And we have another another quote. And we have another another quote. And we have another infographic. Once again, adhering to our infographic. Once again, adhering to our infographic. Once again, adhering to our brand guidelines and using a little logo brand guidelines and using a little logo brand guidelines and using a little logo up here as well. And that's pretty much up here as well. And that's pretty much up here as well. And that's pretty much how the rest of the newsletter goes. how the rest of the newsletter goes. how the rest of the newsletter goes. We've got section four. And we can see We've got section four. And we can see We've got section four. And we can see our third and final infographic that has our third and final infographic that has our third and final infographic that has a different version of the AIS logo as a different version of the AIS logo as a different version of the AIS logo as well as our brand guidelines. So this well as our brand guidelines. So this well as our brand guidelines. So this was literally iteration one. There's a was literally iteration one. There's a was literally iteration one. There's a lot of things that we can improve here. lot of things that we can improve here. lot of things that we can improve here. And all we would do is we'd open up And all we would do is we'd open up And all we would do is we'd open up Cloud Code and we'd ask it to make it Cloud Code and we'd ask it to make it Cloud Code and we'd ask it to make it better using natural language. We could better using natural language. We could better using natural language. We could actually make sure that every actually make sure that every actually make sure that every infographic it creates uses our actual infographic it creates uses our actual infographic it creates uses our actual logo rather than prompting some sort of logo rather than prompting some sort of logo rather than prompting some sort of AIS logo in there. It ends with some key AIS logo in there. It ends with some key AIS logo in there. It ends with some key takeaways and then we have it ends with takeaways and then we have it ends with takeaways and then we have it ends with some key takeaways. We have a call to some key takeaways. We have a call to some key takeaways. We have a call to action down here and then all of the action down here and then all of the action down here and then all of the sources we could actually click on and sources we could actually click on and sources we could actually click on and it would take us to that actual site it would take us to that actual site it would take us to that actual site where it pulled the data from. So that where it pulled the data from. So that where it pulled the data from. So that was version one of the newsletter and I was version one of the newsletter and I was version one of the newsletter and I think that that's pretty solid. Now the think that that's pretty solid. Now the think that that's pretty solid. Now the cool thing about these projects in cloud cool thing about these projects in cloud cool thing about these projects in cloud code is as you use them more they get code is as you use them more they get code is as you use them more they get better and better because every time I better and better because every time I better and better because every time I run this workflow it might find run this workflow it might find run this workflow it might find something else out and it will update something else out and it will update something else out and it will update its cloud MD, it'll update its its cloud MD, it'll update its its cloud MD, it'll update its workflows. It'll update its tools. As I workflows. It'll update its tools. As I workflows. It'll update its tools. As I give it more brand asset, as I give it give it more brand asset, as I give it give it more brand asset, as I give it more context and more knowledge, it just more context and more knowledge, it just more context and more knowledge, it just gets better and better. And then once gets better and better. And then once gets better and better. And then once you really trust the actual workflows you really trust the actual workflows you really trust the actual workflows and tools, that's when you go ahead and and tools, that's when you go ahead and and tools, that's when you go ahead and you come back into this. And then once you come back into this. And then once you come back into this. And then once you really trust the workflows and the you really trust the workflows and the you really trust the workflows and the tools that you've created using cloud tools that you've created using cloud tools that you've created using cloud code, you would basically take these two code, you would basically take these two code, you would basically take these two things and you would push those into things and you would push those into things and you would push those into like a GitHub repository and you'd sync like a GitHub repository and you'd sync like a GitHub repository and you'd sync those to something like trigger.dev or those to something like trigger.dev or those to something like trigger.dev or modal in order to actually have them run modal in order to actually have them run modal in order to actually have them run every single Monday at 6 a.m. or daily, every single Monday at 6 a.m. or daily, every single Monday at 6 a.m. or daily, something like that. I'm not going to something like that. I'm not going to something like that. I'm not going to dive into that in this video, but if you dive into that in this video, but if you dive into that in this video, but if you want to see one where I did, then I'll want to see one where I did, then I'll want to see one where I did, then I'll tag one right up here. So, what you guys tag one right up here. So, what you guys tag one right up here. So, what you guys just saw here was me using hardly any just saw here was me using hardly any just saw here was me using hardly any prompting, just using my natural prompting, just using my natural prompting, just using my natural language, giving it a few logos and language, giving it a few logos and language, giving it a few logos and colors, and then giving us a really, colors, and then giving us a really, colors, and then giving us a really, really good output for a newsletter. really good output for a newsletter. really good output for a newsletter. Now, one thing that we didn't cover in Now, one thing that we didn't cover in Now, one thing that we didn't cover in this video, but we will be covering a this video, but we will be covering a this video, but we will be covering a lot more in the future, is how you could lot more in the future, is how you could lot more in the future, is how you could actually make your workflows even better actually make your workflows even better actually make your workflows even better and better, and that's the idea of using and better, and that's the idea of using and better, and that's the idea of using skills. Whether it is a skill that you skills. Whether it is a skill that you skills. Whether it is a skill that you create yourself or whether it's a skill create yourself or whether it's a skill create yourself or whether it's a skill that someone else has already built. So, that someone else has already built. So, that someone else has already built. So, skills are basically just system prompts skills are basically just system prompts skills are basically just system prompts that you could load in when you need that you could load in when you need that you could load in when you need them. So, let's say you ask Cloud for them. So, let's say you ask Cloud for them. So, let's say you ask Cloud for help. Hey, can you design me a website? help. Hey, can you design me a website? help. Hey, can you design me a website? The agent will then check through all of The agent will then check through all of The agent will then check through all of the skills it has access to and it will the skills it has access to and it will the skills it has access to and it will see based on all of these skills, does see based on all of these skills, does see based on all of these skills, does my current request require this? So, my current request require this? So, my current request require this? So, it's almost like the same way it decides it's almost like the same way it decides it's almost like the same way it decides if it should use a tool or not. So, for if it should use a tool or not. So, for if it should use a tool or not. So, for example, there is a front-end design example, there is a front-end design example, there is a front-end design skill that makes Claude Code so much skill that makes Claude Code so much skill that makes Claude Code so much better at designing websites. And so, if better at designing websites. And so, if better at designing websites. And so, if I'm ever building a project where I need I'm ever building a project where I need I'm ever building a project where I need it to be able to build websites, I would it to be able to build websites, I would it to be able to build websites, I would tell it to always invoke the front-end tell it to always invoke the front-end tell it to always invoke the front-end design skill. And the reason I'm design skill. And the reason I'm design skill. And the reason I'm bringing this up is because you can bringing this up is because you can bringing this up is because you can create your own. So, what I might do in create your own. So, what I might do in create your own. So, what I might do in this version is once I realize what I this version is once I realize what I this version is once I realize what I really like about how it creates really like about how it creates really like about how it creates newsletters, I will tell it to turn that newsletters, I will tell it to turn that newsletters, I will tell it to turn that into a skill. So maybe it is the skill into a skill. So maybe it is the skill into a skill. So maybe it is the skill of making infographics look really of making infographics look really of making infographics look really really polished with the AIS logo in the really polished with the AIS logo in the really polished with the AIS logo in the top left corner and I could create that top left corner and I could create that top left corner and I could create that skill so that every time it needs to skill so that every time it needs to skill so that every time it needs to create a new infographic it reads that create a new infographic it reads that create a new infographic it reads that first and then it makes its outputs a first and then it makes its outputs a first and then it makes its outputs a lot more consistent. So I know that this lot more consistent. So I know that this lot more consistent. So I know that this seems a little bit intimidating at first seems a little bit intimidating at first seems a little bit intimidating at first but hopefully you guys realize after but hopefully you guys realize after but hopefully you guys realize after watching this how easy it was for me to watching this how easy it was for me to watching this how easy it was for me to actually do this once again with hardly actually do this once again with hardly actually do this once again with hardly any technical knowledge. We didn't set any technical knowledge. We didn't set any technical knowledge. We didn't set up any API calls. We didn't do anything up any API calls. We didn't do anything up any API calls. We didn't do anything like that. We just talked to it. But now like that. We just talked to it. But now like that. We just talked to it. But now the question is how do you actually turn the question is how do you actually turn the question is how do you actually turn a skill like this into income? So this a skill like this into income? So this a skill like this into income? So this is something that I see all the time. a is something that I see all the time. a is something that I see all the time. a business owner watches your YouTube business owner watches your YouTube business owner watches your YouTube videos or LinkedIn posts or whatever it videos or LinkedIn posts or whatever it videos or LinkedIn posts or whatever it is and sees flashy AI demo. Maybe that's is and sees flashy AI demo. Maybe that's is and sees flashy AI demo. Maybe that's a voice agent or a really cool chatbot a voice agent or a really cool chatbot a voice agent or a really cool chatbot or a crazy looking dashboard and they or a crazy looking dashboard and they or a crazy looking dashboard and they come to you or some sort of like, you come to you or some sort of like, you come to you or some sort of like, you know, AI agency and they say, "I want know, AI agency and they say, "I want know, AI agency and they say, "I want that." But when you actually sit down that." But when you actually sit down that." But when you actually sit down and you look at their business and their and you look at their business and their and you look at their business and their operations, that's not what they need at operations, that's not what they need at operations, that's not what they need at all. The real problem is that leads all. The real problem is that leads all. The real problem is that leads might be falling through the cracks or might be falling through the cracks or might be falling through the cracks or the onboarding is taking way too long or the onboarding is taking way too long or the onboarding is taking way too long or there's tons of manual data entry going there's tons of manual data entry going there's tons of manual data entry going on. Just think about it like plumbing. on. Just think about it like plumbing. on. Just think about it like plumbing. If you have a pipe that's clogged, it If you have a pipe that's clogged, it If you have a pipe that's clogged, it doesn't matter how much water you pour doesn't matter how much water you pour doesn't matter how much water you pour into it, it's not going to flow any into it, it's not going to flow any into it, it's not going to flow any faster if there's a clog. Most faster if there's a clog. Most faster if there's a clog. Most businesses are out here trying to put as businesses are out here trying to put as businesses are out here trying to put as much water into the pipe as possible, much water into the pipe as possible, much water into the pipe as possible, hiring more people, throwing AI at hiring more people, throwing AI at hiring more people, throwing AI at random problems. But what they actually random problems. But what they actually random problems. But what they actually need is someone who can come in, find need is someone who can come in, find need is someone who can come in, find the clog, and then clear that, and then the clog, and then clear that, and then the clog, and then clear that, and then start to add more water in. That's start to add more water in. That's start to add more water in. That's really the skill. And if you can cut really the skill. And if you can cut really the skill. And if you can cut through the noise and identify real through the noise and identify real through the noise and identify real constraints and unclog that pipe, that's constraints and unclog that pipe, that's constraints and unclog that pipe, that's worth way more than building some super worth way more than building some super worth way more than building some super flashy agent that looks cool, but flashy agent that looks cool, but flashy agent that looks cool, but doesn't actually move the needle. The doesn't actually move the needle. The doesn't actually move the needle. The build itself is also not what businesses build itself is also not what businesses build itself is also not what businesses are paying for because building is are paying for because building is are paying for because building is getting easier and easier every day, getting easier and easier every day, getting easier and easier every day, which is good news, but it also kind of which is good news, but it also kind of which is good news, but it also kind of brings about some panic because more brings about some panic because more brings about some panic because more people can spin up these automations people can spin up these automations people can spin up these automations much quicker and that's becoming a much quicker and that's becoming a much quicker and that's becoming a little bit more commoditized. So, if little bit more commoditized. So, if little bit more commoditized. So, if you're trying to compete on I can build you're trying to compete on I can build you're trying to compete on I can build AI automations, you're going to be in a AI automations, you're going to be in a AI automations, you're going to be in a race to the bottom. What you need to do race to the bottom. What you need to do race to the bottom. What you need to do is act as the doctor, not the is act as the doctor, not the is act as the doctor, not the pharmacist. I've used this analogy a lot pharmacist. I've used this analogy a lot pharmacist. I've used this analogy a lot on my channel. A pharmacist just fills a on my channel. A pharmacist just fills a on my channel. A pharmacist just fills a prescription that someone else wrote, prescription that someone else wrote, prescription that someone else wrote, but a doctor sits down with the patient, but a doctor sits down with the patient, but a doctor sits down with the patient, asks questions, runs diagnostics, and asks questions, runs diagnostics, and asks questions, runs diagnostics, and figures out what's actually wrong before figures out what's actually wrong before figures out what's actually wrong before anything is then prescribed. That's the anything is then prescribed. That's the anything is then prescribed. That's the difference between someone who just difference between someone who just difference between someone who just builds workflows and someone that builds workflows and someone that builds workflows and someone that businesses will pay serious money to businesses will pay serious money to businesses will pay serious money to work with. So, when you're talking to a work with. So, when you're talking to a work with. So, when you're talking to a business owner, you're not leading with business owner, you're not leading with business owner, you're not leading with I build aic workflows in cloud code. I build aic workflows in cloud code. I build aic workflows in cloud code. They don't care about that. You're They don't care about that. You're They don't care about that. You're leading with I can save you x amount of leading with I can save you x amount of leading with I can save you x amount of time per month. You're leading with I time per month. You're leading with I time per month. You're leading with I can save this process x percentage of can save this process x percentage of can save this process x percentage of errors. And that's exactly why you errors. And that's exactly why you errors. And that's exactly why you should not be pricing yourself hourly. should not be pricing yourself hourly. should not be pricing yourself hourly. Because if you can build something in 30 Because if you can build something in 30 Because if you can build something in 30 minutes, that ends up saving the minutes, that ends up saving the minutes, that ends up saving the business, let's just say, 20 hours a business, let's just say, 20 hours a business, let's just say, 20 hours a week, that's not a 30-minute job. That's week, that's not a 30-minute job. That's week, that's not a 30-minute job. That's tens of thousands of dollars in value tens of thousands of dollars in value tens of thousands of dollars in value over the course of a year. So if you over the course of a year. So if you over the course of a year. So if you price yourself at an hourly rate, you're price yourself at an hourly rate, you're price yourself at an hourly rate, you're putting a ceiling on your income and putting a ceiling on your income and putting a ceiling on your income and you're completely ignoring the value you're completely ignoring the value you're completely ignoring the value that you're actually delivering. Now, that you're actually delivering. Now, that you're actually delivering. Now, hourly can be fine early on when you're hourly can be fine early on when you're hourly can be fine early on when you're just getting started and you're building just getting started and you're building just getting started and you're building trust and you need to get your first few trust and you need to get your first few trust and you need to get your first few wins. But once you can clearly show the wins. But once you can clearly show the wins. But once you can clearly show the ROI, the hours saved, the cost ROI, the hours saved, the cost ROI, the hours saved, the cost eliminated, the revenue generated, all eliminated, the revenue generated, all eliminated, the revenue generated, all that kind of stuff, then your pricing that kind of stuff, then your pricing that kind of stuff, then your pricing should really be reflecting that value, should really be reflecting that value, should really be reflecting that value, not your time. Trading time for money is not your time. Trading time for money is not your time. Trading time for money is not very scalable. So, here's a simple not very scalable. So, here's a simple not very scalable. So, here's a simple way to think about it. You sit down with way to think about it. You sit down with way to think about it. You sit down with a client and you figure out their a client and you figure out their a client and you figure out their processes, and you calculate that this processes, and you calculate that this processes, and you calculate that this system is going to save them $10,000 a system is going to save them $10,000 a system is going to save them $10,000 a month. Now, let's say you charge $5,000 month. Now, let's say you charge $5,000 month. Now, let's say you charge $5,000 for that build. That should be a for that build. That should be a for that build. That should be a no-brainer for them. They make their no-brainer for them. They make their no-brainer for them. They make their money back in 2 weeks, and then money back in 2 weeks, and then money back in 2 weeks, and then everything else is just profit for the everything else is just profit for the everything else is just profit for the business. And it's also a great deal for business. And it's also a great deal for business. And it's also a great deal for you because that build might just have you because that build might just have you because that build might just have taken you a few days, maybe a few weeks. taken you a few days, maybe a few weeks. taken you a few days, maybe a few weeks. That is basically valuebased pricing. That is basically valuebased pricing. That is basically valuebased pricing. Everybody wins. Now, in terms of Everybody wins. Now, in terms of Everybody wins. Now, in terms of actually finding clients, I've done a actually finding clients, I've done a actually finding clients, I've done a full deep dive on that in another video, full deep dive on that in another video, full deep dive on that in another video, which I will go ahead and link right up which I will go ahead and link right up which I will go ahead and link right up here. But at a high level, the approach here. But at a high level, the approach here. But at a high level, the approach is simple. You don't need a huge is simple. You don't need a huge is simple. You don't need a huge audience. You don't need to start a audience. You don't need to start a audience. You don't need to start a full-blown agency. You just need to full-blown agency. You just need to full-blown agency. You just need to start conversations with the right start conversations with the right start conversations with the right people. You need to be transparent about people. You need to be transparent about people. You need to be transparent about what you're building and lead with how what you're building and lead with how what you're building and lead with how you can help them. Once you deliver the you can help them. Once you deliver the you can help them. Once you deliver the solution, you stick around because once solution, you stick around because once solution, you stick around because once that first system is running and they that first system is running and they that first system is running and they see the results, they're going to want see the results, they're going to want see the results, they're going to want more. They're going to want you to more. They're going to want you to more. They're going to want you to optimize the build. They're going to optimize the build. They're going to optimize the build. They're going to want you to expand on it. They're going want you to expand on it. They're going want you to expand on it. They're going to want you to help find new to want you to help find new to want you to help find new opportunities inside their business. opportunities inside their business. opportunities inside their business. That's how a $3,000 build turns into a That's how a $3,000 build turns into a That's how a $3,000 build turns into a $50,000 a year relationship. But the key $50,000 a year relationship. But the key $50,000 a year relationship. But the key there is that you have to be the one to there is that you have to be the one to there is that you have to be the one to track the metrics. You have to take track the metrics. You have to take track the metrics. You have to take ownership over that. You have to ownership over that. You have to ownership over that. You have to practively show them the value that the practively show them the value that the practively show them the value that the system is actually adding. That's super system is actually adding. That's super system is actually adding. That's super super important. And that's exactly the super important. And that's exactly the super important. And that's exactly the path freelancer to consultant to trusted path freelancer to consultant to trusted path freelancer to consultant to trusted partner. You're not just building partner. You're not just building partner. You're not just building workflows. You're becoming the person workflows. You're becoming the person workflows. You're becoming the person businesses rely on to make their businesses rely on to make their businesses rely on to make their operations smarter. So we just went from operations smarter. So we just went from operations smarter. So we just went from understanding what's happening in the understanding what's happening in the understanding what's happening in the agentic workflow market to actually agentic workflow market to actually agentic workflow market to actually building one live and seeing how to sell building one live and seeing how to sell building one live and seeing how to sell these systems for premium prices. Here's these systems for premium prices. Here's these systems for premium prices. Here's the thing though. This isn't just the the thing though. This isn't just the the thing though. This isn't just the future of automation. It's happening future of automation. It's happening future of automation. It's happening right now. Companies are already making right now. Companies are already making right now. Companies are already making the shift and the demand for people who the shift and the demand for people who the shift and the demand for people who can build these systems is only going to can build these systems is only going to can build these systems is only going to grow. So, if you want to dive deeper grow. So, if you want to dive deeper grow. So, if you want to dive deeper into this kind of stuff, I've got a into this kind of stuff, I've got a into this kind of stuff, I've got a community with over a quarter million community with over a quarter million community with over a quarter million members where I share templates, members where I share templates, members where I share templates, resources, and all the files from videos resources, and all the files from videos resources, and all the files from videos just like this one. just like this one. just like this one. Okay, so now we're going to start to get Okay, so now we're going to start to get Okay, so now we're going to start to get into it a little bit. So, the first into it a little bit. So, the first into it a little bit. So, the first thing I want to talk to you guys about thing I want to talk to you guys about thing I want to talk to you guys about is the different ways that you can is the different ways that you can is the different ways that you can actually use Cloud Code so that I can actually use Cloud Code so that I can actually use Cloud Code so that I can help you figure out which way is best help you figure out which way is best help you figure out which way is best for you. And then we're going to move for you. And then we're going to move for you. And then we're going to move into some foundational concepts like into some foundational concepts like into some foundational concepts like prompting, AI models, you know, tokens, prompting, AI models, you know, tokens, prompting, AI models, you know, tokens, context, windows, cloud.mmd, what does context, windows, cloud.mmd, what does context, windows, cloud.mmd, what does all that stuff mean. So that's what all that stuff mean. So that's what all that stuff mean. So that's what we've got coming in this chapter. One of the most common questions I've One of the most common questions I've One of the most common questions I've been getting lately is where should I be been getting lately is where should I be been getting lately is where should I be running cloud code? Whether that's in running cloud code? Whether that's in running cloud code? Whether that's in anti-gravity or VS Code or desktop app anti-gravity or VS Code or desktop app anti-gravity or VS Code or desktop app or in the terminal. And it's important or in the terminal. And it's important or in the terminal. And it's important to understand that they're all a little to understand that they're all a little to understand that they're all a little bit different, but they're all a little bit different, but they're all a little bit different, but they're all a little bit the same. So in this video, I'm bit the same. So in this video, I'm bit the same. So in this video, I'm going to break down the five best going to break down the five best going to break down the five best methods. For each of those, I'm going to methods. For each of those, I'm going to methods. For each of those, I'm going to show you what it looks like, what it show you what it looks like, what it show you what it looks like, what it does, the pros and cons, how you can get does, the pros and cons, how you can get does, the pros and cons, how you can get it set up, and who it's actually for, so it set up, and who it's actually for, so it set up, and who it's actually for, so that by the end of this video, you'll that by the end of this video, you'll that by the end of this video, you'll 100% know which way that you should be 100% know which way that you should be 100% know which way that you should be running Claude Code. So, let's not waste running Claude Code. So, let's not waste running Claude Code. So, let's not waste any time and get straight into number any time and get straight into number any time and get straight into number one. All right, so number one, we have one. All right, so number one, we have one. All right, so number one, we have running Claude Code in the terminal. running Claude Code in the terminal. running Claude Code in the terminal. When you run in the terminal, this is When you run in the terminal, this is When you run in the terminal, this is typically what it looks like. And it may typically what it looks like. And it may typically what it looks like. And it may feel a little bit more intimidating if feel a little bit more intimidating if feel a little bit more intimidating if you've never used the terminal before, you've never used the terminal before, you've never used the terminal before, but it's important to understand that but it's important to understand that but it's important to understand that this is the foundation. So, even if you this is the foundation. So, even if you this is the foundation. So, even if you never used this directly, you need to never used this directly, you need to never used this directly, you need to understand that this exists because it's understand that this exists because it's understand that this exists because it's kind of the core. You open the terminal, kind of the core. You open the terminal, kind of the core. You open the terminal, you type in Claude, and then you you type in Claude, and then you you type in Claude, and then you instantly have Claude right there, and instantly have Claude right there, and instantly have Claude right there, and you start chatting. It can read the you start chatting. It can read the you start chatting. It can read the files. It can edit the folders that files. It can edit the folders that files. It can edit the folders that you're in and do work like Cloud Code you're in and do work like Cloud Code you're in and do work like Cloud Code should. Everything though is pretty much should. Everything though is pretty much should. Everything though is pretty much text. There's no buttons. There's no text. There's no buttons. There's no text. There's no buttons. There's no menus. It's not very visual. It's just menus. It's not very visual. It's just menus. It's not very visual. It's just text. It is a CLI. And the engine that text. It is a CLI. And the engine that text. It is a CLI. And the engine that powers this, every other Surface uses as powers this, every other Surface uses as powers this, every other Surface uses as well. So, the desktop app, the VS Code well. So, the desktop app, the VS Code well. So, the desktop app, the VS Code extension, they're all wrapping around extension, they're all wrapping around extension, they're all wrapping around the same engine. And moving on to pros the same engine. And moving on to pros the same engine. And moving on to pros and cons. The pros are that you have the and cons. The pros are that you have the and cons. The pros are that you have the most control. So running in the most control. So running in the most control. So running in the terminal, you're going to have the most terminal, you're going to have the most terminal, you're going to have the most amount of commands and the most amount amount of commands and the most amount amount of commands and the most amount of like hackability. A lot of times also of like hackability. A lot of times also of like hackability. A lot of times also features are coming first to the features are coming first to the features are coming first to the terminal and it works with any editor terminal and it works with any editor terminal and it works with any editor because it just needs a terminal window, because it just needs a terminal window, because it just needs a terminal window, which means if I'm using something like which means if I'm using something like which means if I'm using something like VS Code, I can use the extension if I VS Code, I can use the extension if I VS Code, I can use the extension if I want something more graphical and I can want something more graphical and I can want something more graphical and I can use the terminal in there if I want more use the terminal in there if I want more use the terminal in there if I want more power. The cons are that it's text only. power. The cons are that it's text only. power. The cons are that it's text only. So it's sometimes not great to So it's sometimes not great to So it's sometimes not great to understand like what's going on behind understand like what's going on behind understand like what's going on behind the scenes or what's going on with your the scenes or what's going on with your the scenes or what's going on with your files and folders and a bit of a steeper files and folders and a bit of a steeper files and folders and a bit of a steeper learning curve if you're not comfortable learning curve if you're not comfortable learning curve if you're not comfortable in a terminal. For instance, I don't in a terminal. For instance, I don't in a terminal. For instance, I don't love working in the terminal, but now I love working in the terminal, but now I love working in the terminal, but now I can do it and I understand it and can do it and I understand it and can do it and I understand it and sometimes I have to. So, who is this sometimes I have to. So, who is this sometimes I have to. So, who is this for? For people that already live in the for? For people that already live in the for? For people that already live in the terminal. They understand it. This is terminal. They understand it. This is terminal. They understand it. This is their home. If the word terminal makes their home. If the word terminal makes their home. If the word terminal makes you nervous, then just keep watching you nervous, then just keep watching you nervous, then just keep watching because there are other options that let because there are other options that let because there are other options that let you use cloud code and still achieve the you use cloud code and still achieve the you use cloud code and still achieve the power you need. So, real quick, I just power you need. So, real quick, I just power you need. So, real quick, I just wanted to show you what this could look wanted to show you what this could look wanted to show you what this could look like. I'm opening up my terminal that's like. I'm opening up my terminal that's like. I'm opening up my terminal that's going to pop up right here. You can see going to pop up right here. You can see going to pop up right here. You can see that right now I am in my kind of home that right now I am in my kind of home that right now I am in my kind of home directory in Nate H. If I wanted to get directory in Nate H. If I wanted to get directory in Nate H. If I wanted to get into a different project, I would just into a different project, I would just into a different project, I would just need to do a CD to switch into that need to do a CD to switch into that need to do a CD to switch into that folder. And so that's what I mean by folder. And so that's what I mean by folder. And so that's what I mean by command line interface. We switch into a command line interface. We switch into a command line interface. We switch into a folder with text rather than if I pulled folder with text rather than if I pulled folder with text rather than if I pulled up like my actual file explorer rather up like my actual file explorer rather up like my actual file explorer rather than being able to just switch folders than being able to just switch folders than being able to just switch folders over here or clicking on different over here or clicking on different over here or clicking on different buttons. So that's kind of the buttons. So that's kind of the buttons. So that's kind of the difference between a GUI and a CLI. But difference between a GUI and a CLI. But difference between a GUI and a CLI. But all you have to do to install it is go all you have to do to install it is go all you have to do to install it is go to cloud code docs and you can see this to cloud code docs and you can see this to cloud code docs and you can see this quick start and it basically just says quick start and it basically just says quick start and it basically just says make sure you have this stuff. And so make sure you have this stuff. And so make sure you have this stuff. And so you do need a paid cloud subscription. you do need a paid cloud subscription. you do need a paid cloud subscription. So either the pro, max, teams or So either the pro, max, teams or So either the pro, max, teams or enterprise. And then you basically just enterprise. And then you basically just enterprise. And then you basically just have to run one command. So whether have to run one command. So whether have to run one command. So whether you're Mac OS, Linux, Windows you're Mac OS, Linux, Windows you're Mac OS, Linux, Windows PowerShell, Windows command line, you PowerShell, Windows command line, you PowerShell, Windows command line, you just run this command and then it will just run this command and then it will just run this command and then it will take you through some onboarding. So it take you through some onboarding. So it take you through some onboarding. So it will say, "Hey, can you please log into will say, "Hey, can you please log into will say, "Hey, can you please log into your account? Can you do this? Can you your account? Can you do this? Can you your account? Can you do this? Can you acknowledge that this is blah blah acknowledge that this is blah blah acknowledge that this is blah blah blah?" And here's where you can see you blah?" And here's where you can see you blah?" And here's where you can see you basically would CD into your project. basically would CD into your project. basically would CD into your project. And then all you have to do is open up And then all you have to do is open up And then all you have to do is open up your terminal and type in Claude. And your terminal and type in Claude. And your terminal and type in Claude. And now after I trust this workspace, I have now after I trust this workspace, I have now after I trust this workspace, I have Claude and I can say hello and I can Claude and I can say hello and I can Claude and I can say hello and I can talk to it the same way that I would in talk to it the same way that I would in talk to it the same way that I would in anything else. I can hit question mark anything else. I can hit question mark anything else. I can hit question mark to see the shortcuts. I can start doing to see the shortcuts. I can start doing to see the shortcuts. I can start doing slash commands if I want and see front slash commands if I want and see front slash commands if I want and see front end design skill or I can change the end design skill or I can change the end design skill or I can change the model or I can even do something like model or I can even do something like model or I can even do something like ultrathink which you can't really see in ultrathink which you can't really see in ultrathink which you can't really see in other ways. And like I said, it just has other ways. And like I said, it just has other ways. And like I said, it just has the most power because I can also do the most power because I can also do the most power because I can also do something like customizing my status something like customizing my status something like customizing my status line, which means that I could basically line, which means that I could basically line, which means that I could basically customize what I see down here. So I customize what I see down here. So I customize what I see down here. So I could see the cloud info like model could see the cloud info like model could see the cloud info like model name, context usage, or I could even name, context usage, or I could even name, context usage, or I could even describe other information that I want describe other information that I want describe other information that I want to see about this session. And then if I to see about this session. And then if I to see about this session. And then if I want to exit out the session, I can just want to exit out the session, I can just want to exit out the session, I can just hit C twice and cloud code has now been hit C twice and cloud code has now been hit C twice and cloud code has now been terminated. And now moving on to number terminated. And now moving on to number terminated. And now moving on to number two, we have the desktop app. So this is two, we have the desktop app. So this is two, we have the desktop app. So this is what it looks like. In the desktop app, what it looks like. In the desktop app, what it looks like. In the desktop app, you have chat, you have co-work, and you you have chat, you have co-work, and you you have chat, you have co-work, and you have code. So if you're already using have code. So if you're already using have code. So if you're already using the desktop app for these things, then the desktop app for these things, then the desktop app for these things, then you're probably really used to the way you're probably really used to the way you're probably really used to the way that this looks and feels. And you also that this looks and feels. And you also that this looks and feels. And you also get a cool little animated crab that get a cool little animated crab that get a cool little animated crab that will do funny things right there. So will do funny things right there. So will do funny things right there. So this is a visual GUI first experience this is a visual GUI first experience this is a visual GUI first experience for people who don't want to touch a for people who don't want to touch a for people who don't want to touch a terminal. It's the same cloud code terminal. It's the same cloud code terminal. It's the same cloud code engine, of course, but it's just wrapped engine, of course, but it's just wrapped engine, of course, but it's just wrapped in a different type of interface with in a different type of interface with in a different type of interface with buttons and panels and visual feedback. buttons and panels and visual feedback. buttons and panels and visual feedback. So you basically just Google, how do I So you basically just Google, how do I So you basically just Google, how do I install cloud desktop? It's going to go install cloud desktop? It's going to go install cloud desktop? It's going to go over some system requirements and then over some system requirements and then over some system requirements and then you go to the downloads page and then you go to the downloads page and then you go to the downloads page and then you basically just go through the setup you basically just go through the setup you basically just go through the setup in order to actually download this for in order to actually download this for in order to actually download this for your operating system. So, what are the your operating system. So, what are the your operating system. So, what are the pros and cons? Well, we have visual pros and cons? Well, we have visual pros and cons? Well, we have visual differences because you can see the differences because you can see the differences because you can see the changes that Claude made line by line changes that Claude made line by line changes that Claude made line by line and accept to reject them. It's just a and accept to reject them. It's just a and accept to reject them. It's just a bit easier to actually tell what's going bit easier to actually tell what's going bit easier to actually tell what's going on in my mind. They also have a really on in my mind. They also have a really on in my mind. They also have a really cool built-in app preview. So, in the cool built-in app preview. So, in the cool built-in app preview. So, in the desktop version, if you're building an desktop version, if you're building an desktop version, if you're building an app or something like that, it'll start app or something like that, it'll start app or something like that, it'll start up the dev server and you can see it up the dev server and you can see it up the dev server and you can see it right in the app itself, which is kind right in the app itself, which is kind right in the app itself, which is kind of a cool little feature. You can have of a cool little feature. You can have of a cool little feature. You can have multiple sessions running in parallel, multiple sessions running in parallel, multiple sessions running in parallel, which you can do in all of these, but which you can do in all of these, but which you can do in all of these, but it's just a little bit different because it's just a little bit different because it's just a little bit different because these get isolated in their own branch these get isolated in their own branch these get isolated in their own branch and you can click through them pretty and you can click through them pretty and you can click through them pretty easily. And it probably is the easiest easily. And it probably is the easiest easily. And it probably is the easiest and least intimidating for non- terminal and least intimidating for non- terminal and least intimidating for non- terminal type of people. And you still get the type of people. And you still get the type of people. And you still get the same local file access. Now, for the same local file access. Now, for the same local file access. Now, for the cons, this is a bit more of a manage cons, this is a bit more of a manage cons, this is a bit more of a manage experience. It's less customizable. It's experience. It's less customizable. It's experience. It's less customizable. It's less hackable. The desktop releases can less hackable. The desktop releases can less hackable. The desktop releases can sometimes lag behind the CLI. And right sometimes lag behind the CLI. And right sometimes lag behind the CLI. And right now, it's just Mac and Windows only. now, it's just Mac and Windows only. now, it's just Mac and Windows only. Okay. So, here is typical Claude that Okay. So, here is typical Claude that Okay. So, here is typical Claude that you would see, but I've got chat, I've you would see, but I've got chat, I've you would see, but I've got chat, I've got co-work, and then I've also got got co-work, and then I've also got got co-work, and then I've also got Claude code. And so, this is what it Claude code. And so, this is what it Claude code. And so, this is what it looks like in the desktop app. You can looks like in the desktop app. You can looks like in the desktop app. You can see that we still have our same see that we still have our same see that we still have our same conversation feel. Up in the top right conversation feel. Up in the top right conversation feel. Up in the top right is where you can see we could start our is where you can see we could start our is where you can see we could start our actual preview if we have, you know, actual preview if we have, you know, actual preview if we have, you know, some sort of app that we're building or some sort of app that we're building or some sort of app that we're building or a website. But something else that we a website. But something else that we a website. But something else that we get in Cloud Code is that we get our get in Cloud Code is that we get our get in Cloud Code is that we get our scheduled tasks. And that's a really scheduled tasks. And that's a really scheduled tasks. And that's a really cool native feature that will run cool native feature that will run cool native feature that will run whenever we have this desktop app open. whenever we have this desktop app open. whenever we have this desktop app open. And we can have tasks scheduled for once And we can have tasks scheduled for once And we can have tasks scheduled for once a week, once a day, whatever we want. We a week, once a day, whatever we want. We a week, once a day, whatever we want. We also have the ability to kind of look at also have the ability to kind of look at also have the ability to kind of look at what we have for customization. So in what we have for customization. So in what we have for customization. So in this project, we can look at our this project, we can look at our this project, we can look at our connectors and our skills. And here's, connectors and our skills. And here's, connectors and our skills. And here's, like I said, the crab does some funny like I said, the crab does some funny like I said, the crab does some funny things every once in a while. You can things every once in a while. You can things every once in a while. You can change your chat model down here. You change your chat model down here. You change your chat model down here. You can still use different slash commands. can still use different slash commands. can still use different slash commands. As you can see, we've got access to all As you can see, we've got access to all As you can see, we've got access to all of these different commands. But there of these different commands. But there of these different commands. But there are probably some where you might try to are probably some where you might try to are probably some where you might try to invoke them. Like let's try if we try to invoke them. Like let's try if we try to invoke them. Like let's try if we try to use agents. And as you can see, I don't use agents. And as you can see, I don't use agents. And as you can see, I don't think it did anything. But if I open up think it did anything. But if I open up think it did anything. But if I open up the terminal and I do / aents, we have the terminal and I do / aents, we have the terminal and I do / aents, we have this actual command which lets us create this actual command which lets us create this actual command which lets us create new ones or you know play with other new ones or you know play with other new ones or you know play with other ones that we've already built in this ones that we've already built in this ones that we've already built in this project. So who is this for? This is if project. So who is this for? This is if project. So who is this for? This is if you want the power of cloud code but you you want the power of cloud code but you you want the power of cloud code but you like clicking buttons instead of typing like clicking buttons instead of typing like clicking buttons instead of typing commands. It's a really good place to commands. It's a really good place to commands. It's a really good place to start especially if you've already been start especially if you've already been start especially if you've already been using co-work and you want to start using co-work and you want to start using co-work and you want to start dabbling with cloud code. But just stay dabbling with cloud code. But just stay dabbling with cloud code. But just stay tuned because you might also like option tuned because you might also like option tuned because you might also like option four which is what I use every single four which is what I use every single four which is what I use every single day. And now moving on to number three day. And now moving on to number three day. And now moving on to number three we have the web. Now, this is a research we have the web. Now, this is a research we have the web. Now, this is a research preview, an experimental type of preview, an experimental type of preview, an experimental type of product, but it is pretty cool that you product, but it is pretty cool that you product, but it is pretty cool that you can access this on the web, so you could can access this on the web, so you could can access this on the web, so you could use it from your phone. So, there's no use it from your phone. So, there's no use it from your phone. So, there's no local setup needed, which is really local setup needed, which is really local setup needed, which is really nice. And it runs entirely on the cloud. nice. And it runs entirely on the cloud. nice. And it runs entirely on the cloud. So, you go to claw.ai, you open the code So, you go to claw.ai, you open the code So, you go to claw.ai, you open the code service, you connect your GitHub repo, service, you connect your GitHub repo, service, you connect your GitHub repo, and that's what it uses. So, it and that's what it uses. So, it and that's what it uses. So, it basically clones into your repo in a basically clones into your repo in a basically clones into your repo in a cloud environment, and it will do all cloud environment, and it will do all cloud environment, and it will do all the work for you. So, it can still the work for you. So, it can still the work for you. So, it can still manage those files and folders. You manage those files and folders. You manage those files and folders. You review the changes, and then you can review the changes, and then you can review the changes, and then you can create a pull request, and you can do create a pull request, and you can do create a pull request, and you can do all of that from your browser. And a big all of that from your browser. And a big all of that from your browser. And a big deal here is that it keeps running even deal here is that it keeps running even deal here is that it keeps running even if you actually turn off your computer if you actually turn off your computer if you actually turn off your computer because it's running on Anthropics cloud because it's running on Anthropics cloud because it's running on Anthropics cloud environment. So pros and cons, we've got environment. So pros and cons, we've got environment. So pros and cons, we've got almost no local setup, just a browser, almost no local setup, just a browser, almost no local setup, just a browser, just to add a GitHub account. It works just to add a GitHub account. It works just to add a GitHub account. It works from any device, whatever you need. from any device, whatever you need. from any device, whatever you need. Sessions persist, so Cloud keeps working Sessions persist, so Cloud keeps working Sessions persist, so Cloud keeps working while you're away, and it's great for while you're away, and it's great for while you're away, and it's great for kicking off long tasks and checking back kicking off long tasks and checking back kicking off long tasks and checking back later. So Boris Churnney, the guy who later. So Boris Churnney, the guy who later. So Boris Churnney, the guy who created Claude Code, did a tweet about created Claude Code, did a tweet about created Claude Code, did a tweet about how he actually uses it. And what he how he actually uses it. And what he how he actually uses it. And what he said here is that he runs five clouds in said here is that he runs five clouds in said here is that he runs five clouds in parallel in his terminal and he also parallel in his terminal and he also parallel in his terminal and he also runs five to 10 on claw.ai/code. So in runs five to 10 on claw.ai/code. So in runs five to 10 on claw.ai/code. So in the web. So really that's just to say the web. So really that's just to say the web. So really that's just to say that you don't have to use just one and that you don't have to use just one and that you don't have to use just one and stick to just one. But it's important to stick to just one. But it's important to stick to just one. But it's important to understand the differences. So right understand the differences. So right understand the differences. So right here you can see that I'm at here you can see that I'm at here you can see that I'm at claw.ai/code. I could here connect a claw.ai/code. I could here connect a claw.ai/code. I could here connect a GitHub repository as you can see. I GitHub repository as you can see. I GitHub repository as you can see. I could choose that over right here as could choose that over right here as could choose that over right here as well. I could be in testing or a well. I could be in testing or a well. I could be in testing or a different environment and I could start different environment and I could start different environment and I could start all my sessions off right here and then all my sessions off right here and then all my sessions off right here and then they would keep running. So you can see they would keep running. So you can see they would keep running. So you can see here I just started a new session. I'm here I just started a new session. I'm here I just started a new session. I'm actually not even in any repo right now. actually not even in any repo right now. actually not even in any repo right now. and I said hello. And you can see that and I said hello. And you can see that and I said hello. And you can see that it's going to give you a very similar it's going to give you a very similar it's going to give you a very similar feel to the desktop app version with our feel to the desktop app version with our feel to the desktop app version with our sessions on the left and then kind of sessions on the left and then kind of sessions on the left and then kind of our chat interface right here. So, who our chat interface right here. So, who our chat interface right here. So, who is this for? If you want to hand claw a is this for? If you want to hand claw a is this for? If you want to hand claw a task and walk away or if you want to task and walk away or if you want to task and walk away or if you want to code from your iPad. But of course, you code from your iPad. But of course, you code from your iPad. But of course, you could also use that new feature which could also use that new feature which could also use that new feature which was the remote control. So, you can kind was the remote control. So, you can kind was the remote control. So, you can kind of see how these all kind of blend of see how these all kind of blend of see how these all kind of blend together. They're similar, but they're together. They're similar, but they're together. They're similar, but they're different. All right, let's move on to different. All right, let's move on to different. All right, let's move on to number four, which is idees. And this number four, which is idees. And this number four, which is idees. And this has also caused a lot of confusion has also caused a lot of confusion has also caused a lot of confusion because there's multiple different IDEs because there's multiple different IDEs because there's multiple different IDEs out there. So this image right here is out there. So this image right here is out there. So this image right here is how I use it in Visual Studio Code. An how I use it in Visual Studio Code. An how I use it in Visual Studio Code. An IDE stands for integrated development IDE stands for integrated development IDE stands for integrated development environment and it's basically just a environment and it's basically just a environment and it's basically just a GUI for editing files and folders. So VS GUI for editing files and folders. So VS GUI for editing files and folders. So VS Code is an IDE. Cursor is an IDE. Code is an IDE. Cursor is an IDE. Code is an IDE. Cursor is an IDE. Anti-gravity is an ID. I don't know why Anti-gravity is an ID. I don't know why Anti-gravity is an ID. I don't know why I have cursor twice right here. But I have cursor twice right here. But I have cursor twice right here. But those are all IDEs, which is why I said those are all IDEs, which is why I said those are all IDEs, which is why I said that this has caused some confusion cuz that this has caused some confusion cuz that this has caused some confusion cuz people are like, why would you use this people are like, why would you use this people are like, why would you use this in VS Code over cursor or over in VS Code over cursor or over in VS Code over cursor or over anti-gravity? And then anti-gravity has anti-gravity? And then anti-gravity has anti-gravity? And then anti-gravity has its own agents. So people get confused its own agents. So people get confused its own agents. So people get confused about that too. But they're all just about that too. But they're all just about that too. But they're all just code editors. And Cloud Code has an code editors. And Cloud Code has an code editors. And Cloud Code has an extension that allows us to run Cloud extension that allows us to run Cloud extension that allows us to run Cloud Code inside of them. And I like it Code inside of them. And I like it Code inside of them. And I like it because I can see the files that I'm because I can see the files that I'm because I can see the files that I'm looking at. And Cloud can see what I've looking at. And Cloud can see what I've looking at. And Cloud can see what I've highlighted and I can see my project highlighted and I can see my project highlighted and I can see my project structure and my folders and files. I structure and my folders and files. I structure and my folders and files. I can drop things in and I can reorganize can drop things in and I can reorganize can drop things in and I can reorganize it. Now, some of these IDs do have their it. Now, some of these IDs do have their it. Now, some of these IDs do have their own built-in agents, which is why it own built-in agents, which is why it own built-in agents, which is why it might get a little weird because might get a little weird because might get a little weird because anti-gravity has some Gemini agents. anti-gravity has some Gemini agents. anti-gravity has some Gemini agents. Cursor has its own. VS Code even has its Cursor has its own. VS Code even has its Cursor has its own. VS Code even has its own agents, too. And there's lots of own agents, too. And there's lots of own agents, too. And there's lots of other extensions and different ways that other extensions and different ways that other extensions and different ways that you can customize your IDE. All right. you can customize your IDE. All right. you can customize your IDE. All right. Right. So, starting with the pros, we Right. So, starting with the pros, we Right. So, starting with the pros, we have zero context switching because have zero context switching because have zero context switching because Claude can see exactly what you see in Claude can see exactly what you see in Claude can see exactly what you see in the editor. You can also review changes the editor. You can also review changes the editor. You can also review changes using your editor's built-in tools, using your editor's built-in tools, using your editor's built-in tools, which is really nice. You have really which is really nice. You have really which is really nice. You have really quick access to opening up different quick access to opening up different quick access to opening up different sessions and using keyboard shortcuts. sessions and using keyboard shortcuts. sessions and using keyboard shortcuts. And like I said, I just feel very And like I said, I just feel very And like I said, I just feel very productive in there. And it also works productive in there. And it also works productive in there. And it also works in multiple IDEs as far as the cloud in multiple IDEs as far as the cloud in multiple IDEs as far as the cloud code extension. So, you can pick code extension. So, you can pick code extension. So, you can pick whichever editor that you prefer. Now, whichever editor that you prefer. Now, whichever editor that you prefer. Now, some of the cons are similar to some of some of the cons are similar to some of some of the cons are similar to some of the cons on the other ones. You don't the cons on the other ones. You don't the cons on the other ones. You don't get some of the advanced features that get some of the advanced features that get some of the advanced features that are CLI only, but I'm going to show you are CLI only, but I'm going to show you are CLI only, but I'm going to show you guys why that's not a big deal at all. guys why that's not a big deal at all. guys why that's not a big deal at all. Your experience is also tied to the Your experience is also tied to the Your experience is also tied to the performance of the editor. So if VS Code performance of the editor. So if VS Code performance of the editor. So if VS Code is slow or it's crashing, then that's is slow or it's crashing, then that's is slow or it's crashing, then that's going to make Cloud Code feel like it's going to make Cloud Code feel like it's going to make Cloud Code feel like it's crashing. But really, it's just your crashing. But really, it's just your crashing. But really, it's just your IDE. And each IDE has its own agent, IDE. And each IDE has its own agent, IDE. And each IDE has its own agent, which can be a little bit confusing. But which can be a little bit confusing. But which can be a little bit confusing. But if you're just using the Cloud Code if you're just using the Cloud Code if you're just using the Cloud Code extension, then it's not too bad at all. extension, then it's not too bad at all. extension, then it's not too bad at all. So when you open up VS Code, which is So when you open up VS Code, which is So when you open up VS Code, which is free to download, or anti-gravity or free to download, or anti-gravity or free to download, or anti-gravity or cursor, this is what it looks like. And cursor, this is what it looks like. And cursor, this is what it looks like. And you can basically open files, you can go you can basically open files, you can go you can basically open files, you can go into folders, you can clone a GitHub into folders, you can clone a GitHub into folders, you can clone a GitHub repo. But where the magic really comes repo. But where the magic really comes repo. But where the magic really comes in is when you go over to the lefth hand in is when you go over to the lefth hand in is when you go over to the lefth hand side and you open up your extensions. side and you open up your extensions. side and you open up your extensions. And this is where you would search for And this is where you would search for And this is where you would search for claude code for VS Code and you would claude code for VS Code and you would claude code for VS Code and you would install this. And this basically pops up install this. And this basically pops up install this. And this basically pops up a little button in the top right which a little button in the top right which a little button in the top right which says cloud code. And when I click on says cloud code. And when I click on says cloud code. And when I click on that now I have the ability to actually that now I have the ability to actually that now I have the ability to actually talk to a cloud code agent. And then it talk to a cloud code agent. And then it talk to a cloud code agent. And then it also gets pretty powerful because also gets pretty powerful because also gets pretty powerful because there's tons of other extensions you can there's tons of other extensions you can there's tons of other extensions you can use. So then when you actually open up a use. So then when you actually open up a use. So then when you actually open up a project it's really nice because you can project it's really nice because you can project it's really nice because you can see all of the folders and all of the see all of the folders and all of the see all of the folders and all of the files over here. And not only can you files over here. And not only can you files over here. And not only can you see them here, but you can open them up. see them here, but you can open them up. see them here, but you can open them up. So, if I click on my cloud MD, I could So, if I click on my cloud MD, I could So, if I click on my cloud MD, I could go ahead and read this right here as go ahead and read this right here as go ahead and read this right here as markdown. I can also see that these are markdown. I can also see that these are markdown. I can also see that these are new lines because they're green. And I new lines because they're green. And I new lines because they're green. And I can see over here that all of the things can see over here that all of the things can see over here that all of the things that are green or yellow haven't been that are green or yellow haven't been that are green or yellow haven't been yet pushed to my GitHub because they're yet pushed to my GitHub because they're yet pushed to my GitHub because they're either new or they have been edited. So, either new or they have been edited. So, either new or they have been edited. So, that visually helps me a ton. Also, when that visually helps me a ton. Also, when that visually helps me a ton. Also, when Cloud Code is making a plan, so in this Cloud Code is making a plan, so in this Cloud Code is making a plan, so in this session, I had it build a random plan. session, I had it build a random plan. session, I had it build a random plan. It pops that out right here as text. And It pops that out right here as text. And It pops that out right here as text. And what I can do is I can leave comments on what I can do is I can leave comments on what I can do is I can leave comments on specific elements if I want to correct specific elements if I want to correct specific elements if I want to correct it or have it, you know, fix some it or have it, you know, fix some it or have it, you know, fix some things. And we all know the importance things. And we all know the importance things. And we all know the importance of planning. So, this really helps me be of planning. So, this really helps me be of planning. So, this really helps me be able to make the plans better so that able to make the plans better so that able to make the plans better so that the automations or the skills end up the automations or the skills end up the automations or the skills end up being better in the end. Now, we also being better in the end. Now, we also being better in the end. Now, we also have some status indicators. So, at the have some status indicators. So, at the have some status indicators. So, at the top of this window, if we see that top of this window, if we see that top of this window, if we see that there's a blue dot, it means that there's a blue dot, it means that there's a blue dot, it means that Claude's waiting for us. And over here, Claude's waiting for us. And over here, Claude's waiting for us. And over here, if there's an orange dot, it means that if there's an orange dot, it means that if there's an orange dot, it means that Claude has finished up. If I want to, I Claude has finished up. If I want to, I Claude has finished up. If I want to, I can also have multiple different can also have multiple different can also have multiple different sessions running in different little sessions running in different little sessions running in different little areas. So, I could have, you know, split areas. So, I could have, you know, split areas. So, I could have, you know, split pane view where I have four windows and pane view where I have four windows and pane view where I have four windows and I can talk to all four agents. And then I can talk to all four agents. And then I can talk to all four agents. And then finally, we talked about how sometimes finally, we talked about how sometimes finally, we talked about how sometimes we need some features that don't allow we need some features that don't allow we need some features that don't allow us to work in VS Code. So, for example, us to work in VS Code. So, for example, us to work in VS Code. So, for example, if I try to run the / agents command if I try to run the / agents command if I try to run the / agents command right here, it says, hey, you need to do right here, it says, hey, you need to do right here, it says, hey, you need to do this in the terminal. So, that's fine. I this in the terminal. So, that's fine. I this in the terminal. So, that's fine. I go to the terminal, but then I can just go to the terminal, but then I can just go to the terminal, but then I can just bring it back in the session. So, now I bring it back in the session. So, now I bring it back in the session. So, now I have my cloud code terminal running have my cloud code terminal running have my cloud code terminal running right here, and then I also still have right here, and then I also still have right here, and then I also still have the ability to look at all of my the ability to look at all of my the ability to look at all of my different files and folders over here. different files and folders over here. different files and folders over here. So, it's really the best of both worlds. So, it's really the best of both worlds. So, it's really the best of both worlds. So, who is this for? If you want to So, who is this for? If you want to So, who is this for? If you want to spend your day in a code editor and you spend your day in a code editor and you spend your day in a code editor and you want cloud code right there next to your want cloud code right there next to your want cloud code right there next to your code, this is the way to go. It's really code, this is the way to go. It's really code, this is the way to go. It's really not that overwhelming. So, if you're not that overwhelming. So, if you're not that overwhelming. So, if you're currently deciding if you should switch currently deciding if you should switch currently deciding if you should switch from the desktop app to VS Code, I would from the desktop app to VS Code, I would from the desktop app to VS Code, I would probably go ahead and do that. And last probably go ahead and do that. And last probably go ahead and do that. And last but not least, we have number five, but not least, we have number five, but not least, we have number five, which is VPS. So, this means that you which is VPS. So, this means that you which is VPS. So, this means that you can actually run Cloud Code on some sort can actually run Cloud Code on some sort can actually run Cloud Code on some sort of virtual private server rather than on of virtual private server rather than on of virtual private server rather than on your local machine. So, similar to the your local machine. So, similar to the your local machine. So, similar to the cloud on the web, except for rather than cloud on the web, except for rather than cloud on the web, except for rather than anthropics cloud, you pay for some sort anthropics cloud, you pay for some sort anthropics cloud, you pay for some sort of cloud yourself. And the way that I of cloud yourself. And the way that I of cloud yourself. And the way that I like to do that is with Hostinger. And like to do that is with Hostinger. And like to do that is with Hostinger. And because it's running on a remote server, because it's running on a remote server, because it's running on a remote server, it can always stay on. So, why would you it can always stay on. So, why would you it can always stay on. So, why would you do this? The code and the services on do this? The code and the services on do this? The code and the services on there have to live somewhere. So if there have to live somewhere. So if there have to live somewhere. So if you're running Docker containers, you're running Docker containers, you're running Docker containers, databases, and automations, Cloud can databases, and automations, Cloud can databases, and automations, Cloud can sit right next to them at all times with sit right next to them at all times with sit right next to them at all times with access. And we have persistence, meaning access. And we have persistence, meaning access. And we have persistence, meaning you can start a task, you can close your you can start a task, you can close your you can start a task, you can close your laptop, and cloud keeps working on the laptop, and cloud keeps working on the laptop, and cloud keeps working on the server. So I actually have a VPS session server. So I actually have a VPS session server. So I actually have a VPS session of Cloud Code set up. And I've connected of Cloud Code set up. And I've connected of Cloud Code set up. And I've connected it to a Telegram bridge. So I can now it to a Telegram bridge. So I can now it to a Telegram bridge. So I can now talk to my Cloud Code wherever I am from talk to my Cloud Code wherever I am from talk to my Cloud Code wherever I am from my phone right here. And it can respond my phone right here. And it can respond my phone right here. And it can respond to me. It can look through my files. It to me. It can look through my files. It to me. It can look through my files. It can create files. It's basically cloud can create files. It's basically cloud can create files. It's basically cloud code in your pocket. And what else is code in your pocket. And what else is code in your pocket. And what else is cool is if you have it running on a cool is if you have it running on a cool is if you have it running on a virtual private server, you can SSH into virtual private server, you can SSH into virtual private server, you can SSH into that from your own terminal locally or that from your own terminal locally or that from your own terminal locally or from VS Code locally or even the desktop from VS Code locally or even the desktop from VS Code locally or even the desktop app. So you can pretty much get all the app. So you can pretty much get all the app. So you can pretty much get all the power. So the pros here it is it's next power. So the pros here it is it's next power. So the pros here it is it's next to your real infrastructure direct to your real infrastructure direct to your real infrastructure direct access to all of that. It's always on access to all of that. It's always on access to all of that. It's always on and you can work across any device. The and you can work across any device. The and you can work across any device. The cons are that you kind of need some cons are that you kind of need some cons are that you kind of need some basic server knowledge. Although what I basic server knowledge. Although what I basic server knowledge. Although what I did is I set up a cloud code project to did is I set up a cloud code project to did is I set up a cloud code project to help me spin up and maintain my VPS. help me spin up and maintain my VPS. help me spin up and maintain my VPS. It's also a little bit more setup It's also a little bit more setup It's also a little bit more setup friction than the others. And Claude friction than the others. And Claude friction than the others. And Claude does have real power if it's on a server does have real power if it's on a server does have real power if it's on a server and can see everything on the server. So and can see everything on the server. So and can see everything on the server. So you obviously want to be careful with you obviously want to be careful with you obviously want to be careful with permissions and things like that. So if permissions and things like that. So if permissions and things like that. So if you go to the link in the description, you go to the link in the description, you go to the link in the description, you can see that Hostinger has a plan to you can see that Hostinger has a plan to you can see that Hostinger has a plan to specifically help you launch Cloud Code specifically help you launch Cloud Code specifically help you launch Cloud Code VPS. You can get started for as little VPS. You can get started for as little VPS. You can get started for as little as six bucks a month. So that's pretty as six bucks a month. So that's pretty as six bucks a month. So that's pretty cool. When you come down and choose an cool. When you come down and choose an cool. When you come down and choose an option, you basically just get to option, you basically just get to option, you basically just get to compare these different options of RAM compare these different options of RAM compare these different options of RAM or CPU cores or bandwidth. I would or CPU cores or bandwidth. I would or CPU cores or bandwidth. I would probably just start with this one. And probably just start with this one. And probably just start with this one. And you can always scale up or scale down as you can always scale up or scale down as you can always scale up or scale down as needed. And if you have no idea what needed. And if you have no idea what needed. And if you have no idea what you're doing here, then basically just you're doing here, then basically just you're doing here, then basically just use the Kodi AI assistant and tell it use the Kodi AI assistant and tell it use the Kodi AI assistant and tell it about what you're trying to run and it about what you're trying to run and it about what you're trying to run and it will probably help you be able to make will probably help you be able to make will probably help you be able to make the right choice. And then once you get the right choice. And then once you get the right choice. And then once you get in there, you'll have a dashboard, which in there, you'll have a dashboard, which in there, you'll have a dashboard, which I'll show you guys. And you can also use I'll show you guys. And you can also use I'll show you guys. And you can also use that if you need to help scale down or that if you need to help scale down or that if you need to help scale down or up. And once you go through the setup, up. And once you go through the setup, up. And once you go through the setup, you will see that you can choose a you will see that you can choose a you will see that you can choose a 24-month, 12-month, or 1-month plan. If 24-month, 12-month, or 1-month plan. If 24-month, 12-month, or 1-month plan. If you're on one of the annual plans, you you're on one of the annual plans, you you're on one of the annual plans, you can use code Nate Herk, and you can get can use code Nate Herk, and you can get can use code Nate Herk, and you can get 10% off, which ends up saving you a ton 10% off, which ends up saving you a ton 10% off, which ends up saving you a ton of money. You can also get daily auto of money. You can also get daily auto of money. You can also get daily auto backups. You choose your location. And backups. You choose your location. And backups. You choose your location. And right here, you can basically launch right here, you can basically launch right here, you can basically launch this with an app. So right here they this with an app. So right here they this with an app. So right here they have cloud code which makes it super have cloud code which makes it super have cloud code which makes it super easy to set up and get going. And then easy to set up and get going. And then easy to set up and get going. And then once you're in your dashboard, you can once you're in your dashboard, you can once you're in your dashboard, you can see the CPU usage, the memory, the disk, see the CPU usage, the memory, the disk, see the CPU usage, the memory, the disk, all of this kind of stuff. And once you all of this kind of stuff. And once you all of this kind of stuff. And once you notice that this is getting a bit too notice that this is getting a bit too notice that this is getting a bit too high, then you can just scale up your high, then you can just scale up your high, then you can just scale up your plan with a click of a button. But plan with a click of a button. But plan with a click of a button. But basically all you need to do from here basically all you need to do from here basically all you need to do from here is SSH into your actual server and then is SSH into your actual server and then is SSH into your actual server and then install Cloud the same way you would do install Cloud the same way you would do install Cloud the same way you would do on a terminal or anywhere else. And then on a terminal or anywhere else. And then on a terminal or anywhere else. And then you have Cloud Code running there. And you have Cloud Code running there. And you have Cloud Code running there. And you can set up sessions that last you can set up sessions that last you can set up sessions that last forever. And you don't even have to forever. And you don't even have to forever. And you don't even have to actually SSH in. You could literally actually SSH in. You could literally actually SSH in. You could literally just hit this button right here, which just hit this button right here, which just hit this button right here, which brings up the actual server terminal. As brings up the actual server terminal. As brings up the actual server terminal. As you can see, we have this really ugly you can see, we have this really ugly you can see, we have this really ugly terminal looking thing right here. And terminal looking thing right here. And terminal looking thing right here. And then you can go to this doc, which then you can go to this doc, which then you can go to this doc, which basically shows you exactly what you basically shows you exactly what you basically shows you exactly what you need to do in order to actually install need to do in order to actually install need to do in order to actually install and log into cloud code. And then it and log into cloud code. And then it and log into cloud code. And then it looks the exact same as you would have looks the exact same as you would have looks the exact same as you would have used it anywhere else. So, who is this used it anywhere else. So, who is this used it anywhere else. So, who is this for? If you're running servers, for? If you're running servers, for? If you're running servers, deploying apps, or you want an always on deploying apps, or you want an always on deploying apps, or you want an always on AI assistant working on your code 24/7, AI assistant working on your code 24/7, AI assistant working on your code 24/7, then this is the setup. All right. Well, then this is the setup. All right. Well, then this is the setup. All right. Well, that is going to do it for today. Now that is going to do it for today. Now that is going to do it for today. Now that you guys have watched this that you guys have watched this that you guys have watched this breakdown, hopefully you understand breakdown, hopefully you understand breakdown, hopefully you understand exactly which way you want to use or exactly which way you want to use or exactly which way you want to use or which ways you want to use Cloud Code which ways you want to use Cloud Code which ways you want to use Cloud Code and now you're ready to actually start and now you're ready to actually start and now you're ready to actually start diving in. Okay, so what does Cloud Code actually Okay, so what does Cloud Code actually Okay, so what does Cloud Code actually do? Well, the short answer is that it do? Well, the short answer is that it do? Well, the short answer is that it can do basically anything, which is why can do basically anything, which is why can do basically anything, which is why it has been blowing up and which is why it has been blowing up and which is why it has been blowing up and which is why I'm having so much fun using it. But you I'm having so much fun using it. But you I'm having so much fun using it. But you can build apps, you can build websites, can build apps, you can build websites, can build apps, you can build websites, and you can build automations. You can and you can build automations. You can and you can build automations. You can even build like games. You can enhance even build like games. You can enhance even build like games. You can enhance your personal workflows. You can debug, your personal workflows. You can debug, your personal workflows. You can debug, refactor, and test and write code. You refactor, and test and write code. You refactor, and test and write code. You can create API integrations. You can can create API integrations. You can can create API integrations. You can generate documentation, handle git generate documentation, handle git generate documentation, handle git workflows, data analysis, and content workflows, data analysis, and content workflows, data analysis, and content pipelines. You can pretty much do pipelines. You can pretty much do pipelines. You can pretty much do anything even now that we have like anything even now that we have like anything even now that we have like browser use. So you can literally give browser use. So you can literally give browser use. So you can literally give Claude Code the access to open up a Claude Code the access to open up a Claude Code the access to open up a browser tab and look at it, screenshot browser tab and look at it, screenshot browser tab and look at it, screenshot it, screen record it, click on things, it, screen record it, click on things, it, screen record it, click on things, fill out forms. It's just really cool. fill out forms. It's just really cool. fill out forms. It's just really cool. And the one mindset shift that I really And the one mindset shift that I really And the one mindset shift that I really want you guys to adopt is genuine want you guys to adopt is genuine want you guys to adopt is genuine curiosity. curiosity. curiosity. Because when you first get into Cloud Because when you first get into Cloud Because when you first get into Cloud Code, obviously you'll be following this Code, obviously you'll be following this Code, obviously you'll be following this program, so I'm going to have things program, so I'm going to have things program, so I'm going to have things pretty structured, but it might just pretty structured, but it might just pretty structured, but it might just feel like feel like feel like this is a very like loose program. not this is a very like loose program. not this is a very like loose program. not not my course but like cloud code and it not my course but like cloud code and it not my course but like cloud code and it was built in a way that it's insanely was built in a way that it's insanely was built in a way that it's insanely customizable insanely hackable so that customizable insanely hackable so that customizable insanely hackable so that you have unlimited possibilities so when you have unlimited possibilities so when you have unlimited possibilities so when I say be genuine cur genuinely curious I I say be genuine cur genuinely curious I I say be genuine cur genuinely curious I just mean if you are confused about just mean if you are confused about just mean if you are confused about something ask it if you are wondering if something ask it if you are wondering if something ask it if you are wondering if something's possible ask it if you want something's possible ask it if you want something's possible ask it if you want to understand how you build something to understand how you build something to understand how you build something just ask it and you can ask follow-ups just ask it and you can ask follow-ups just ask it and you can ask follow-ups and follow-ups and follow-ups you can and follow-ups and follow-ups you can and follow-ups and follow-ups you can have it design exercises for you to have it design exercises for you to have it design exercises for you to understand concepts it's going to be understand concepts it's going to be understand concepts it's going to be your best friend because anything that your best friend because anything that your best friend because anything that is technical, it will know better than is technical, it will know better than is technical, it will know better than you. Whether that's an API or whether you. Whether that's an API or whether you. Whether that's an API or whether that's a tool or whether that's um some that's a tool or whether that's um some that's a tool or whether that's um some command line, you know, interface command line, you know, interface command line, you know, interface function that it's running, just ask it. function that it's running, just ask it. function that it's running, just ask it. So, what I really like to do is when I'm So, what I really like to do is when I'm So, what I really like to do is when I'm in my cloud code and I'm talking to it, in my cloud code and I'm talking to it, in my cloud code and I'm talking to it, you can see what it's thinking, right? you can see what it's thinking, right? you can see what it's thinking, right? So, I literally just like to read what So, I literally just like to read what So, I literally just like to read what it's thinking and I like to read the it's thinking and I like to read the it's thinking and I like to read the lines of command that it runs. And the lines of command that it runs. And the lines of command that it runs. And the more and more you read what it's doing, more and more you read what it's doing, more and more you read what it's doing, the more you understand it. So in this the more you understand it. So in this the more you understand it. So in this section, we're just going to get some section, we're just going to get some section, we're just going to get some initial kind of like setup and concepts initial kind of like setup and concepts initial kind of like setup and concepts talked about. So cost, prompting, talked about. So cost, prompting, talked about. So cost, prompting, permission modes, cloud models, tokens, permission modes, cloud models, tokens, permission modes, cloud models, tokens, context, windows, built-in tools, and context, windows, built-in tools, and context, windows, built-in tools, and cloud.md. So let's dive in. So the first cloud.md. So let's dive in. So the first cloud.md. So let's dive in. So the first thing is cost, right? You have to be on thing is cost, right? You have to be on thing is cost, right? You have to be on a paid plan. Um, you can start off with a paid plan. Um, you can start off with a paid plan. Um, you can start off with pro. It's 17 bucks a month build pro. It's 17 bucks a month build pro. It's 17 bucks a month build annually, but I would definitely annually, but I would definitely annually, but I would definitely recommend you just go for the max. If if recommend you just go for the max. If if recommend you just go for the max. If if you want to start with pro, you'll you want to start with pro, you'll you want to start with pro, you'll probably just hit your limits pretty probably just hit your limits pretty probably just hit your limits pretty quick and then you'll get frustrated and quick and then you'll get frustrated and quick and then you'll get frustrated and you'll either upgrade or you just have you'll either upgrade or you just have you'll either upgrade or you just have to wait an hour or a couple hours. to wait an hour or a couple hours. to wait an hour or a couple hours. And real quick, I wanted to talk about And real quick, I wanted to talk about And real quick, I wanted to talk about the ROI because yes, 100 bucks a month the ROI because yes, 100 bucks a month the ROI because yes, 100 bucks a month is an expensive subscription in the is an expensive subscription in the is an expensive subscription in the grand scheme of things, right? Like you grand scheme of things, right? Like you grand scheme of things, right? Like you have n bucks a month subscriptions, 29. have n bucks a month subscriptions, 29. have n bucks a month subscriptions, 29. 100 seems like a lot and even if you 100 seems like a lot and even if you 100 seems like a lot and even if you push it to 200, but it's all relative. push it to 200, but it's all relative. push it to 200, but it's all relative. Think about the fact that a software Think about the fact that a software Think about the fact that a software engineer costs around 11,000 bucks a engineer costs around 11,000 bucks a engineer costs around 11,000 bucks a month or an annual salary of maybe in month or an annual salary of maybe in month or an annual salary of maybe in this range this range this range and you can get the output of a software and you can get the output of a software and you can get the output of a software engineer, a full-time software engineer engineer, a full-time software engineer engineer, a full-time software engineer for 100 bucks a month. That is crazy. for 100 bucks a month. That is crazy. for 100 bucks a month. That is crazy. And that's the way I want you to think And that's the way I want you to think And that's the way I want you to think about this. Not a subscription. Think about this. Not a subscription. Think about this. Not a subscription. Think about it as a software engineer on your about it as a software engineer on your about it as a software engineer on your laptop. laptop. laptop. It's a complete mindset shift, right? It's a complete mindset shift, right? It's a complete mindset shift, right? Because they can do everything that a Because they can do everything that a Because they can do everything that a developer does. Basically, Enthropic, developer does. Basically, Enthropic, developer does. Basically, Enthropic, the company that built cloud code, uses the company that built cloud code, uses the company that built cloud code, uses cloud code for everything. They built a cloud code for everything. They built a cloud code for everything. They built a tool called cloud co-work and they built tool called cloud co-work and they built tool called cloud co-work and they built that in like 10 days with a team of two that in like 10 days with a team of two that in like 10 days with a team of two or three developers only using cloud or three developers only using cloud or three developers only using cloud code. That would have taken months and code. That would have taken months and code. That would have taken months and that would have taken a massive team of that would have taken a massive team of that would have taken a massive team of developers. They're even right now using developers. They're even right now using developers. They're even right now using AI to write and review all their code AI to write and review all their code AI to write and review all their code because humans were missing things that because humans were missing things that because humans were missing things that the AI is catching. So, it's just like the AI is catching. So, it's just like the AI is catching. So, it's just like it's crazy crazy leverage. It's not it's crazy crazy leverage. It's not it's crazy crazy leverage. It's not marginal ROI. It is truly marginal ROI. It is truly marginal ROI. It is truly transformational ROI. [snorts] transformational ROI. [snorts] transformational ROI. [snorts] So prompting prompting matters, right? So prompting prompting matters, right? So prompting prompting matters, right? Because cloud code at under the hood is Because cloud code at under the hood is Because cloud code at under the hood is an AI model that can talk to your tools, an AI model that can talk to your tools, an AI model that can talk to your tools, that can do things, that has access to that can do things, that has access to that can do things, that has access to your files. And so prompting is so your files. And so prompting is so your files. And so prompting is so important because the quality of the important because the quality of the important because the quality of the clearness of your prompt and the context clearness of your prompt and the context clearness of your prompt and the context that you feed it is directly tied to the that you feed it is directly tied to the that you feed it is directly tied to the quality of output it gives you. So a quality of output it gives you. So a quality of output it gives you. So a vague prompt produces vague results. vague prompt produces vague results. vague prompt produces vague results. Garbage in, garbage out. Think of Claude Garbage in, garbage out. Think of Claude Garbage in, garbage out. Think of Claude as a brilliant contractor that you just as a brilliant contractor that you just as a brilliant contractor that you just hired. They have tons of skills, but hired. They have tons of skills, but hired. They have tons of skills, but they have never seen your project they have never seen your project they have never seen your project before. So, the more precisely before. So, the more precisely before. So, the more precisely precisely the more precisely that you precisely the more precisely that you precisely the more precisely that you explain what you want, including your explain what you want, including your explain what you want, including your context, your constraints, and your context, your constraints, and your context, your constraints, and your expected outcomes, the far better the expected outcomes, the far better the expected outcomes, the far better the result will be. And as you guys, you result will be. And as you guys, you result will be. And as you guys, you know, it's all about the reps. As you know, it's all about the reps. As you know, it's all about the reps. As you guys start to talk to Cloud Code more guys start to talk to Cloud Code more guys start to talk to Cloud Code more and more, you'll realize just how good and more, you'll realize just how good and more, you'll realize just how good it is. And one key thing there is using it is. And one key thing there is using it is. And one key thing there is using voice to text. So, just to show you guys voice to text. So, just to show you guys voice to text. So, just to show you guys what that means real quick, when I speak what that means real quick, when I speak what that means real quick, when I speak in natural language with my voice, I can in natural language with my voice, I can in natural language with my voice, I can speak way faster than I can type. And I speak way faster than I can type. And I speak way faster than I can type. And I speak way more, I guess, naturally. speak way more, I guess, naturally. speak way more, I guess, naturally. Like, when I speak, I feel like I Like, when I speak, I feel like I Like, when I speak, I feel like I actually unlock more thoughts because actually unlock more thoughts because actually unlock more thoughts because I'm not having to be restricted by my I'm not having to be restricted by my I'm not having to be restricted by my fingers. I'm restricted by just oxygen, fingers. I'm restricted by just oxygen, fingers. I'm restricted by just oxygen, I suppose. So, I use this tool, which um I suppose. So, I use this tool, which um I suppose. So, I use this tool, which um there will be a link for in the there will be a link for in the there will be a link for in the description. Just go ahead and check out description. Just go ahead and check out description. Just go ahead and check out the voice to text tool down there or I the voice to text tool down there or I the voice to text tool down there or I can go like this. You see this little can go like this. You see this little can go like this. You see this little thing at the bottom of my screen. I hold thing at the bottom of my screen. I hold thing at the bottom of my screen. I hold this and now I can basically just talk this and now I can basically just talk this and now I can basically just talk and I can even hit the space bar. So now and I can even hit the space bar. So now and I can even hit the space bar. So now my hands can be off and I can just be my hands can be off and I can just be my hands can be off and I can just be talking. So I can be brain dumping and I talking. So I can be brain dumping and I talking. So I can be brain dumping and I can be talking about whatever and can be talking about whatever and can be talking about whatever and telling Cloud Go, "Hey, I want you to telling Cloud Go, "Hey, I want you to telling Cloud Go, "Hey, I want you to build this." And then boom, all of a build this." And then boom, all of a build this." And then boom, all of a sudden my words have just appeared. So sudden my words have just appeared. So sudden my words have just appeared. So that has been a major major productivity that has been a major major productivity that has been a major major productivity boost, major unlock for me. And if you boost, major unlock for me. And if you boost, major unlock for me. And if you guys don't have that tool, I would a guys don't have that tool, I would a guys don't have that tool, I would a thousand% recommend that you get that thousand% recommend that you get that thousand% recommend that you get that tool and you use that tool. Okay, let's tool and you use that tool. Okay, let's tool and you use that tool. Okay, let's keep on moving here. [snorts] keep on moving here. [snorts] keep on moving here. [snorts] So, bad versus good prompt example. Bad So, bad versus good prompt example. Bad So, bad versus good prompt example. Bad would be something like build me a would be something like build me a would be something like build me a website for my dog walking business. website for my dog walking business. website for my dog walking business. It's going to look generic. Good would It's going to look generic. Good would It's going to look generic. Good would be create me a simple landing page for a be create me a simple landing page for a be create me a simple landing page for a dog walking business called Happy Paws. dog walking business called Happy Paws. dog walking business called Happy Paws. It should have a hero section with a It should have a hero section with a It should have a hero section with a headline, a list of three services with headline, a list of three services with headline, a list of three services with prices, and a contact form at the prices, and a contact form at the prices, and a contact form at the bottom. Use a clean, modern style with a bottom. Use a clean, modern style with a bottom. Use a clean, modern style with a blue and white color scheme. Now, the blue and white color scheme. Now, the blue and white color scheme. Now, the cool thing about this is this still cool thing about this is this still cool thing about this is this still honestly isn't a great prompt, but what honestly isn't a great prompt, but what honestly isn't a great prompt, but what you can do is you can feed that prompt you can do is you can feed that prompt you can do is you can feed that prompt right here into Cloud Code. You can right here into Cloud Code. You can right here into Cloud Code. You can utilize plan mode, which you guys will utilize plan mode, which you guys will utilize plan mode, which you guys will understand in just a bit, and you can understand in just a bit, and you can understand in just a bit, and you can let Claude code ask you the difficult let Claude code ask you the difficult let Claude code ask you the difficult questions that it needs. So, pretend questions that it needs. So, pretend questions that it needs. So, pretend right now you you want to build a right now you you want to build a right now you you want to build a website. You are talking to the world's website. You are talking to the world's website. You are talking to the world's best website designer. best website designer. best website designer. You give that person this prompt. That You give that person this prompt. That You give that person this prompt. That person is going to come back to you with person is going to come back to you with person is going to come back to you with tons of questions. Okay. Um, what's the tons of questions. Okay. Um, what's the tons of questions. Okay. Um, what's the this? What's this? What's this? Tell me this? What's this? What's this? Tell me this? What's this? What's this? Tell me more. And you can let them adopt that more. And you can let them adopt that more. And you can let them adopt that role of asking you questions. So it role of asking you questions. So it role of asking you questions. So it makes your job so easy. You can say makes your job so easy. You can say makes your job so easy. You can say things like you should be 95% sure things like you should be 95% sure things like you should be 95% sure before you move on or ask me any before you move on or ask me any before you move on or ask me any questions to make sure you understand questions to make sure you understand questions to make sure you understand me. And that will literally make sure me. And that will literally make sure me. And that will literally make sure that cloud code doesn't start building that cloud code doesn't start building that cloud code doesn't start building anything until it completely understands anything until it completely understands anything until it completely understands your request. So permission modes, we've your request. So permission modes, we've your request. So permission modes, we've got three kind of main ones that I'm got three kind of main ones that I'm got three kind of main ones that I'm going to cover. We've got plan mode, going to cover. We've got plan mode, going to cover. We've got plan mode, which means Cloud can help you plan. It which means Cloud can help you plan. It which means Cloud can help you plan. It thinks, it can read things. It can do thinks, it can read things. It can do thinks, it can read things. It can do web search, but it won't actually build. web search, but it won't actually build. web search, but it won't actually build. We have accept edits, which means that We have accept edits, which means that We have accept edits, which means that cloud can read things, write files, edit cloud can read things, write files, edit cloud can read things, write files, edit files without asking. But it still has files without asking. But it still has files without asking. But it still has to ask permission for bash commands, to ask permission for bash commands, to ask permission for bash commands, which means kind of like actually taking which means kind of like actually taking which means kind of like actually taking action. And we have bypass permissions action. And we have bypass permissions action. And we have bypass permissions mode, which basically means you talk to mode, which basically means you talk to mode, which basically means you talk to Claude, it can go do whatever it wants, Claude, it can go do whatever it wants, Claude, it can go do whatever it wants, full autonomy. full autonomy. full autonomy. Now, this is beneficial sometimes when Now, this is beneficial sometimes when Now, this is beneficial sometimes when you have come to a plan that you like you have come to a plan that you like you have come to a plan that you like and then you shoot it off in permission and then you shoot it off in permission and then you shoot it off in permission mode, in bypass permission mode, because mode, in bypass permission mode, because mode, in bypass permission mode, because you don't want it to babysit it. So you don't want it to babysit it. So you don't want it to babysit it. So there's some value there. there's some value there. there's some value there. Now, here's what they look like in cloud Now, here's what they look like in cloud Now, here's what they look like in cloud code. You can see at the bottom I'm code. You can see at the bottom I'm code. You can see at the bottom I'm switching between plan, bypass, ask switching between plan, bypass, ask switching between plan, bypass, ask before edits, and you literally just before edits, and you literally just before edits, and you literally just toggle that with a button. So this is toggle that with a button. So this is toggle that with a button. So this is the GUI, and we can just toggle it. You the GUI, and we can just toggle it. You the GUI, and we can just toggle it. You can notice that this kind of looks like can notice that this kind of looks like can notice that this kind of looks like the way that, you know, maybe Claude in the way that, you know, maybe Claude in the way that, you know, maybe Claude in the browser looks or chatbt in the the browser looks or chatbt in the the browser looks or chatbt in the browser looks. So that's your different browser looks. So that's your different browser looks. So that's your different modes. Super easy. Now we have models. modes. Super easy. Now we have models. modes. Super easy. Now we have models. So the number that's attached to the So the number that's attached to the So the number that's attached to the back, don't worry about that. Right? back, don't worry about that. Right? back, don't worry about that. Right? Like right now we're on Opus 4.6, SA Like right now we're on Opus 4.6, SA Like right now we're on Opus 4.6, SA 4x6. But these are the model families in 4x6. But these are the model families in 4x6. But these are the model families in Claude. So we have Claude Haiku, Claude Claude. So we have Claude Haiku, Claude Claude. So we have Claude Haiku, Claude Sonnet, and Claude Opus. Sonnet, and Claude Opus. Sonnet, and Claude Opus. They have different strengths. They have They have different strengths. They have They have different strengths. They have different weaknesses, and they have different weaknesses, and they have different weaknesses, and they have different costs. And it's important to different costs. And it's important to different costs. And it's important to understand. So Haiku is the fastest. It understand. So Haiku is the fastest. It understand. So Haiku is the fastest. It is the simplest, and it's the most is the simplest, and it's the most is the simplest, and it's the most lightweight, lightweight, and it's also lightweight, lightweight, and it's also lightweight, lightweight, and it's also the cheapest. So it makes sense, right? the cheapest. So it makes sense, right? the cheapest. So it makes sense, right? Sonnet is kind of like the balanced Sonnet is kind of like the balanced Sonnet is kind of like the balanced version. So, daily coding, it's very version. So, daily coding, it's very version. So, daily coding, it's very balanced, it's fast, and it's mid-range. balanced, it's fast, and it's mid-range. balanced, it's fast, and it's mid-range. And Opus is a heavy reasoning model. So, And Opus is a heavy reasoning model. So, And Opus is a heavy reasoning model. So, it's probably going to take the longest, it's probably going to take the longest, it's probably going to take the longest, and it's probably the smartest, but it's and it's probably the smartest, but it's and it's probably the smartest, but it's also the most expensive. Now, I will be also the most expensive. Now, I will be also the most expensive. Now, I will be very upfront with you guys. I use Opus very upfront with you guys. I use Opus very upfront with you guys. I use Opus for everything. The only time I will for everything. The only time I will for everything. The only time I will switch to Haiku is maybe if I have switch to Haiku is maybe if I have switch to Haiku is maybe if I have certain sub agents or I have tons and certain sub agents or I have tons and certain sub agents or I have tons and tons of tokens to process. But when tons of tokens to process. But when tons of tokens to process. But when you're just starting out, just keep it you're just starting out, just keep it you're just starting out, just keep it on default or just keep it on Opus just on default or just keep it on Opus just on default or just keep it on Opus just to get a feel for it, right? So here are to get a feel for it, right? So here are to get a feel for it, right? So here are the models in the same interface. You the models in the same interface. You the models in the same interface. You can type /model and it lets you choose can type /model and it lets you choose can type /model and it lets you choose between default set or opus, right? And between default set or opus, right? And between default set or opus, right? And it's just as simple as literally you saw it's just as simple as literally you saw it's just as simple as literally you saw at the beginning of this clip. All I did at the beginning of this clip. All I did at the beginning of this clip. All I did was I typed /mod and it popped up with was I typed /mod and it popped up with was I typed /mod and it popped up with this option to change my model. So very this option to change my model. So very this option to change my model. So very easy. easy. easy. Now what do the numbers mean? I'm not Now what do the numbers mean? I'm not Now what do the numbers mean? I'm not going to spend too much time here, but going to spend too much time here, but going to spend too much time here, but it's basically just like the version. So it's basically just like the version. So it's basically just like the version. So cloud [clears throat] 3 was the cloud [clears throat] 3 was the cloud [clears throat] 3 was the original. Cloud 3.5 had improvements. original. Cloud 3.5 had improvements. original. Cloud 3.5 had improvements. Cloud 4 was introduced. Cloud 4.5 had, Cloud 4 was introduced. Cloud 4.5 had, Cloud 4 was introduced. Cloud 4.5 had, you know, more improvements. Cloud 4.6 you know, more improvements. Cloud 4.6 you know, more improvements. Cloud 4.6 Six has more improvements. So the models Six has more improvements. So the models Six has more improvements. So the models just increase the number, right? So use just increase the number, right? So use just increase the number, right? So use the model slash command. A good the model slash command. A good the model slash command. A good strategy. Use Sonic for 80% of work. strategy. Use Sonic for 80% of work. strategy. Use Sonic for 80% of work. Switch to Opus for complex architecture Switch to Opus for complex architecture Switch to Opus for complex architecture decisions or tricky bugs. Then switch decisions or tricky bugs. Then switch decisions or tricky bugs. Then switch back. Kind of like best practice. But back. Kind of like best practice. But back. Kind of like best practice. But like I just told you guys, I just like like I just told you guys, I just like like I just told you guys, I just like to use Opus, right? So what is a token? to use Opus, right? So what is a token? to use Opus, right? So what is a token? A token is a unit. And that is basically A token is a unit. And that is basically A token is a unit. And that is basically how you know we read in words and how you know we read in words and how you know we read in words and letters. AI reads in tokens. So it's not letters. AI reads in tokens. So it's not letters. AI reads in tokens. So it's not exactly one word. You know, a token is exactly one word. You know, a token is exactly one word. You know, a token is not exactly one word. It's roughly three not exactly one word. It's roughly three not exactly one word. It's roughly three to four characters. And I say roughly to four characters. And I say roughly to four characters. And I say roughly because sometimes you'll notice like because sometimes you'll notice like because sometimes you'll notice like this punctuation mark like this comma is this punctuation mark like this comma is this punctuation mark like this comma is one. This period is one. Um here we have one. This period is one. Um here we have one. This period is one. Um here we have in and that's two. And that also in and that's two. And that also in and that's two. And that also accounts for the spaces as you notice. accounts for the spaces as you notice. accounts for the spaces as you notice. This is also one. So it's like it's not This is also one. So it's like it's not This is also one. So it's like it's not also it's not completely consistent. But also it's not completely consistent. But also it's not completely consistent. But roughly roughly roughly one token is about 75% of a word. So, one token is about 75% of a word. So, one token is about 75% of a word. So, this is important to understand because this is important to understand because this is important to understand because tokens cost money. tokens cost money. tokens cost money. And we have something with all of our AI And we have something with all of our AI And we have something with all of our AI models called a context window. The models called a context window. The models called a context window. The context window is Claude's working context window is Claude's working context window is Claude's working memory. So, just imagine that Claude has memory. So, just imagine that Claude has memory. So, just imagine that Claude has a notepad. And when you're talking to a notepad. And when you're talking to a notepad. And when you're talking to it, it writes down everything that you it, it writes down everything that you it, it writes down everything that you said and everything that it said back to said and everything that it said back to said and everything that it said back to you in this notepad. And when the you in this notepad. And when the you in this notepad. And when the it's going to start to um lose track of it's going to start to um lose track of it's going to start to um lose track of what's going on. And it also might just what's going on. And it also might just what's going on. And it also might just have to reset. have to reset. have to reset. So things that go into this context So things that go into this context So things that go into this context window are the system prompt, your window are the system prompt, your window are the system prompt, your tools, your cloud.MD files, MCP servers, tools, your cloud.MD files, MCP servers, tools, your cloud.MD files, MCP servers, all of your conversation history, all of all of your conversation history, all of all of your conversation history, all of the files, everything that Claude said, the files, everything that Claude said, the files, everything that Claude said, everything that you said. And the con everything that you said. And the con everything that you said. And the con standard context window is about 200,000 standard context window is about 200,000 standard context window is about 200,000 tokens at least at the time of recording tokens at least at the time of recording tokens at least at the time of recording this. The models are getting better this. The models are getting better this. The models are getting better every day. So it's important to know every day. So it's important to know every day. So it's important to know that and it's important to contextualize that and it's important to contextualize that and it's important to contextualize that one huge huge principle of cloud that one huge huge principle of cloud that one huge huge principle of cloud code once we get more advanced is code once we get more advanced is code once we get more advanced is minimizing token usage and keeping you minimizing token usage and keeping you minimizing token usage and keeping you know they call it context management. So know they call it context management. So know they call it context management. So that will be covered later in the course that will be covered later in the course that will be covered later in the course but for now don't worry too much about but for now don't worry too much about but for now don't worry too much about that. Just be aware of that concept. that. Just be aware of that concept. that. Just be aware of that concept. Okay. Okay. Okay. So here's why it matters. It fills up So here's why it matters. It fills up So here's why it matters. It fills up and as it fills up you consume more and as it fills up you consume more and as it fills up you consume more tokens which means you're going to hit tokens which means you're going to hit tokens which means you're going to hit your limits. You also have this dilemma your limits. You also have this dilemma your limits. You also have this dilemma or this problem of being lost in the or this problem of being lost in the or this problem of being lost in the middle. Meaning information at the start middle. Meaning information at the start middle. Meaning information at the start of the conversation and at the end of of the conversation and at the end of of the conversation and at the end of the conversation get prioritized because the conversation get prioritized because the conversation get prioritized because stuff in the middle can tend to get lost stuff in the middle can tend to get lost stuff in the middle can tend to get lost because there's just so much data, because there's just so much data, because there's just so much data, right? And then of course you have your right? And then of course you have your right? And then of course you have your cost. More tokens is more computational cost. More tokens is more computational cost. More tokens is more computational cost and um hitting your limit faster cost and um hitting your limit faster cost and um hitting your limit faster because your subscription is based on because your subscription is based on because your subscription is based on tokens. tokens. tokens. So here is what we also call context So here is what we also call context So here is what we also call context rot. So as you have more tokens build up rot. So as you have more tokens build up rot. So as you have more tokens build up in a session, we significantly see or we in a session, we significantly see or we in a session, we significantly see or we see a significant drop in the quality see a significant drop in the quality see a significant drop in the quality and accuracy of the LLM. So if your LLM and accuracy of the LLM. So if your LLM and accuracy of the LLM. So if your LLM all of a sudden, if Cloud Code all of a all of a sudden, if Cloud Code all of a all of a sudden, if Cloud Code all of a sudden starts making things up, then sudden starts making things up, then sudden starts making things up, then maybe compact your token window or maybe maybe compact your token window or maybe maybe compact your token window or maybe open up a new session because as you can open up a new session because as you can open up a new session because as you can see as there's more tokens the quality see as there's more tokens the quality see as there's more tokens the quality just kind of takes a steep drop off and just kind of takes a steep drop off and just kind of takes a steep drop off and this is seen across all the models. This this is seen across all the models. This this is seen across all the models. This is a handdrawn sketch, right? But this is a handdrawn sketch, right? But this is a handdrawn sketch, right? But this is basically how it works across all the is basically how it works across all the is basically how it works across all the models. Context rot is a real thing with models. Context rot is a real thing with models. Context rot is a real thing with AI. AI. AI. So, here are some helpful commands that So, here are some helpful commands that So, here are some helpful commands that help you with some context stuff. So, help you with some context stuff. So, help you with some context stuff. So, slashcontext, it shows you the current slashcontext, it shows you the current slashcontext, it shows you the current token usage breakdown. Slash compact token usage breakdown. Slash compact token usage breakdown. Slash compact compresses the conversation and saves compresses the conversation and saves compresses the conversation and saves key information so you can keep going as key information so you can keep going as key information so you can keep going as if you still have all that history if you still have all that history if you still have all that history there. Slashcle just wipes everything there. Slashcle just wipes everything there. Slashcle just wipes everything and starts fresh. And SLR goes back to and starts fresh. And SLR goes back to and starts fresh. And SLR goes back to an earlier point in the conversation an earlier point in the conversation an earlier point in the conversation after a code change. There is something after a code change. There is something after a code change. There is something that Cloud Code does called autocompact, that Cloud Code does called autocompact, that Cloud Code does called autocompact, which means that it'll automatically which means that it'll automatically which means that it'll automatically compress your conversation once you hit compress your conversation once you hit compress your conversation once you hit that limit. So, when you're first that limit. So, when you're first that limit. So, when you're first getting started, don't stress too much getting started, don't stress too much getting started, don't stress too much about context Windows. It'll about context Windows. It'll about context Windows. It'll autocompact, but just something, like I autocompact, but just something, like I autocompact, but just something, like I said, I wanted you to keep in mind. So, said, I wanted you to keep in mind. So, said, I wanted you to keep in mind. So, here's an example. I'm typing in /clear, here's an example. I'm typing in /clear, here's an example. I'm typing in /clear, and that clears the conversation as you and that clears the conversation as you and that clears the conversation as you saw. And now I'm typing in /context, and saw. And now I'm typing in /context, and saw. And now I'm typing in /context, and it's pulling up all of the different it's pulling up all of the different it's pulling up all of the different things in this project that are eating things in this project that are eating things in this project that are eating up token usage. So, here you can see, up token usage. So, here you can see, up token usage. So, here you can see, oops, didn't mean to go forward. I meant oops, didn't mean to go forward. I meant oops, didn't mean to go forward. I meant to pause. Here you can see that in this to pause. Here you can see that in this to pause. Here you can see that in this session, I'm using model cloud is 4.6 session, I'm using model cloud is 4.6 session, I'm using model cloud is 4.6 and my tokens are at 225,000 and my tokens are at 225,000 and my tokens are at 225,000 or sorry 22,000 out of 200,000. So I've or sorry 22,000 out of 200,000. So I've or sorry 22,000 out of 200,000. So I've already eaten up 11% of my context already eaten up 11% of my context already eaten up 11% of my context window. If I was to then scroll down, window. If I was to then scroll down, window. If I was to then scroll down, you can see that there are other things you can see that there are other things you can see that there are other things in here that are eating tokens. So I in here that are eating tokens. So I in here that are eating tokens. So I have um you know all of these system have um you know all of these system have um you know all of these system prompts, these system tools, these MCP prompts, these system tools, these MCP prompts, these system tools, these MCP tools. I have MCP servers that are tools. I have MCP servers that are tools. I have MCP servers that are taking up some context and I've also got taking up some context and I've also got taking up some context and I've also got like skills and agent files, right? So like skills and agent files, right? So like skills and agent files, right? So the more things you have in your the more things you have in your the more things you have in your project, the more tokens that are going project, the more tokens that are going project, the more tokens that are going to be consumed. Okay, so now I wanted to talk about Okay, so now I wanted to talk about Okay, so now I wanted to talk about built-in tools in Cloud Code. Now, when built-in tools in Cloud Code. Now, when built-in tools in Cloud Code. Now, when you're using Cloud Code, it'll basically you're using Cloud Code, it'll basically you're using Cloud Code, it'll basically tell you which tool it's using, and you tell you which tool it's using, and you tell you which tool it's using, and you don't have to memorize these at all. don't have to memorize these at all. don't have to memorize these at all. They're very intuitive, right? Like They're very intuitive, right? Like They're very intuitive, right? Like read, write, edit, bash, glob, they're read, write, edit, bash, glob, they're read, write, edit, bash, glob, they're pretty much intuitive. Bash means you're pretty much intuitive. Bash means you're pretty much intuitive. Bash means you're running a shell command in your running a shell command in your running a shell command in your terminal. So, if you open up your terminal. So, if you open up your terminal. So, if you open up your terminal and type something, that's terminal and type something, that's terminal and type something, that's that's a bash. A glob is looking for that's a bash. A glob is looking for that's a bash. A glob is looking for things. A GP is also searching for things. A GP is also searching for things. A GP is also searching for things. An ls is listing files that things. An ls is listing files that things. An ls is listing files that exist. Web fetch is getting content from exist. Web fetch is getting content from exist. Web fetch is getting content from a URL. Web search is searching the web a URL. Web search is searching the web a URL. Web search is searching the web for a URL. And this is just a quick for a URL. And this is just a quick for a URL. And this is just a quick breakdown so you're familiar with tools. breakdown so you're familiar with tools. breakdown so you're familiar with tools. Um, now like I said, I off the top of my Um, now like I said, I off the top of my Um, now like I said, I off the top of my head wouldn't be able to tell you what head wouldn't be able to tell you what head wouldn't be able to tell you what they all do. Well, maybe I would now they all do. Well, maybe I would now they all do. Well, maybe I would now because I've just read them so many because I've just read them so many because I've just read them so many times, but you don't need to memorize times, but you don't need to memorize times, but you don't need to memorize these. The reason I bring this up is these. The reason I bring this up is these. The reason I bring this up is because when you hop into Cloud Code and because when you hop into Cloud Code and because when you hop into Cloud Code and you see these words, you're probably you see these words, you're probably you see these words, you're probably going to think to yourself, "What in the going to think to yourself, "What in the going to think to yourself, "What in the world is a glob? What is a GP?" So, I world is a glob? What is a GP?" So, I world is a glob? What is a GP?" So, I just wanted to get you familiar with the just wanted to get you familiar with the just wanted to get you familiar with the fact that this just means it's looking fact that this just means it's looking fact that this just means it's looking through files or it's executing through files or it's executing through files or it's executing commands. commands. commands. So, here's an example, right? I said, So, here's an example, right? I said, So, here's an example, right? I said, can you create me an image using my AIS can you create me an image using my AIS can you create me an image using my AIS logo? Um, it's computing. So, it has logo? Um, it's computing. So, it has logo? Um, it's computing. So, it has these little things that will pop up. It these little things that will pop up. It these little things that will pop up. It executed a skill called generate image. executed a skill called generate image. executed a skill called generate image. We can see it's thinking. We can see We can see it's thinking. We can see We can see it's thinking. We can see it's searching. It's using the glob. We it's searching. It's using the glob. We it's searching. It's using the glob. We can see that it found the logo. We can can see that it found the logo. We can can see that it found the logo. We can see that once again it's computing or see that once again it's computing or see that once again it's computing or it's finagling or whatever words. Here's it's finagling or whatever words. Here's it's finagling or whatever words. Here's a bash command. And this bash command a bash command. And this bash command a bash command. And this bash command was running a script to go generate was running a script to go generate was running a script to go generate that, you know, AI generated image. So that, you know, AI generated image. So that, you know, AI generated image. So that's just a quick preview on what it that's just a quick preview on what it that's just a quick preview on what it actually looks like and why I wanted to actually looks like and why I wanted to actually looks like and why I wanted to bring up those different built-in tools. bring up those different built-in tools. bring up those different built-in tools. Okay, so claw.md. Okay, so claw.md. Okay, so claw.md. This is something you're going to hear This is something you're going to hear This is something you're going to hear so many times. If you've ever built an so many times. If you've ever built an so many times. If you've ever built an AI agent before or a chatbot or AI agent before or a chatbot or AI agent before or a chatbot or anything, you've given it a system anything, you've given it a system anything, you've given it a system prompt. Cloud.md is just a system prompt. Cloud.md is just a system prompt. Cloud.md is just a system prompt. That's all. The reason it's prompt. That's all. The reason it's prompt. That's all. The reason it's called claude is because we're using called claude is because we're using called claude is because we're using claude code and MD means markdown. So claude code and MD means markdown. So claude code and MD means markdown. So I'll show you guys an example of what I'll show you guys an example of what I'll show you guys an example of what markdown looks like in a sec. It's not markdown looks like in a sec. It's not markdown looks like in a sec. It's not scary. It's not code. So this system scary. It's not code. So this system scary. It's not code. So this system prompt gives claude code instructions prompt gives claude code instructions prompt gives claude code instructions about the project. Every single time about the project. Every single time about the project. Every single time before like when you send cloud code a before like when you send cloud code a before like when you send cloud code a message, every single time before it message, every single time before it message, every single time before it reads your message, it reads its claw.md reads your message, it reads its claw.md reads your message, it reads its claw.md file first. So it's a system prompt. file first. So it's a system prompt. file first. So it's a system prompt. Now, there's kind of three main layers Now, there's kind of three main layers Now, there's kind of three main layers that you want to put in your cloud.MMD that you want to put in your cloud.MMD that you want to put in your cloud.MMD because if you think about tokens and because if you think about tokens and because if you think about tokens and you think about what I just said, if you think about what I just said, if you think about what I just said, if your cloudmd file is huge, that means your cloudmd file is huge, that means your cloudmd file is huge, that means every single time you ask it a question, every single time you ask it a question, every single time you ask it a question, it reads that whole thing and consumes it reads that whole thing and consumes it reads that whole thing and consumes tokens really fast. So, keeping your tokens really fast. So, keeping your tokens really fast. So, keeping your cloud.MD file lean is important. So, we cloud.MD file lean is important. So, we cloud.MD file lean is important. So, we want the what, which is your text stack, want the what, which is your text stack, want the what, which is your text stack, your product structure, any key packages your product structure, any key packages your product structure, any key packages or skills. We have the why, which is the or skills. We have the why, which is the or skills. We have the why, which is the purpose of each component. And we have purpose of each component. And we have purpose of each component. And we have the how, which is how you want Claude to the how, which is how you want Claude to the how, which is how you want Claude to work. Now, the good thing is Claude is work. Now, the good thing is Claude is work. Now, the good thing is Claude is really good at building CloudMD files, really good at building CloudMD files, really good at building CloudMD files, right? So, here is an example of the right? So, here is an example of the right? So, here is an example of the beginning of my cloud.MMD file for my beginning of my cloud.MMD file for my beginning of my cloud.MMD file for my executive assistant. You are Nate Herk's executive assistant. You are Nate Herk's executive assistant. You are Nate Herk's executive assistant. Your job is to help executive assistant. Your job is to help executive assistant. Your job is to help him spend less time on operations, him spend less time on operations, him spend less time on operations, people management, and admin so he can people management, and admin so he can people management, and admin so he can focus on learning AI tools and making focus on learning AI tools and making focus on learning AI tools and making YouTube videos. This is his number one YouTube videos. This is his number one YouTube videos. This is his number one priority. Everything else supports it, priority. Everything else supports it, priority. Everything else supports it, right? Very clear goal. Now I also give right? Very clear goal. Now I also give right? Very clear goal. Now I also give it other information so it can read it other information so it can read it other information so it can read context about me, about work, about my context about me, about work, about my context about me, about work, about my team, about my priorities and then I team, about my priorities and then I team, about my priorities and then I list my tools and then I list you know list my tools and then I list you know list my tools and then I list you know other you know project management other you know project management other you know project management frameworks or anything that it needs to frameworks or anything that it needs to frameworks or anything that it needs to know anything that's really important. know anything that's really important. know anything that's really important. [snorts] [snorts] [snorts] Now we have a cool command called /init Now we have a cool command called /init Now we have a cool command called /init which basically initializes your project which basically initializes your project which basically initializes your project by scanning your codebase and creating a by scanning your codebase and creating a by scanning your codebase and creating a cloud.MD file. So if you opened up a cloud.MD file. So if you opened up a cloud.MD file. So if you opened up a project and you don't have a cloudmd project and you don't have a cloudmd project and you don't have a cloudmd just run slashinit and it will make you just run slashinit and it will make you just run slashinit and it will make you one. So that's a pretty cool command. one. So that's a pretty cool command. one. So that's a pretty cool command. Okay, that is going to do it for now. Okay, that is going to do it for now. Okay, that is going to do it for now. Hopefully I didn't bore you guys too Hopefully I didn't bore you guys too Hopefully I didn't bore you guys too much. You're done with slides. Let's go much. You're done with slides. Let's go much. You're done with slides. Let's go actually get our hands a little bit actually get our hands a little bit actually get our hands a little bit dirty with cloud code and start building dirty with cloud code and start building dirty with cloud code and start building your first agentic workflows. So, super your first agentic workflows. So, super your first agentic workflows. So, super excited. I'll see you guys over there. excited. I'll see you guys over there. excited. I'll see you guys over there. Aenic workflows are changing how we Aenic workflows are changing how we Aenic workflows are changing how we build AI automations. But not only that, build AI automations. But not only that, build AI automations. But not only that, they're also changing the entire they're also changing the entire they're also changing the entire industry with more businesses [music] industry with more businesses [music] industry with more businesses [music] investing in Aentic AI to improve their investing in Aentic AI to improve their investing in Aentic AI to improve their workflows. So, if you're looking to workflows. So, if you're looking to workflows. So, if you're looking to start building AI automations to make start building AI automations to make start building AI automations to make your life easier or you want to make your life easier or you want to make your life easier or you want to make money building these for businesses, money building these for businesses, money building these for businesses, then this is [music] the best place to then this is [music] the best place to then this is [music] the best place to start. I've been building AI automations start. I've been building AI automations start. I've been building AI automations for a little over a year now and I've for a little over a year now and I've for a little over a year now and I've already helped thousands of people build already helped thousands of people build already helped thousands of people build their first AI automation. So I do know their first AI automation. So I do know their first AI automation. So I do know how intimidating everything can look at how intimidating everything can look at how intimidating everything can look at first. So that's why in this video I'll first. So that's why in this video I'll first. So that's why in this video I'll be telling you everything you need to be telling you everything you need to be telling you everything you need to know and then I'm going to show you how know and then I'm going to show you how know and then I'm going to show you how to build your first agentic workflow to build your first agentic workflow to build your first agentic workflow from absolutely zero. My job is to make from absolutely zero. My job is to make from absolutely zero. My job is to make this as easy to understand as possible this as easy to understand as possible this as easy to understand as possible for you. So let's get into it. All for you. So let's get into it. All for you. So let's get into it. All right. So before we actually build right. So before we actually build right. So before we actually build anything, let's make sure that we're on anything, let's make sure that we're on anything, let's make sure that we're on the same page about what aentic the same page about what aentic the same page about what aentic workflows actually are. If you've been workflows actually are. If you've been workflows actually are. If you've been building traditional automations, you building traditional automations, you building traditional automations, you know the drill. You use a tool like make know the drill. You use a tool like make know the drill. You use a tool like make or n. You drag a node onto the canvas. or n. You drag a node onto the canvas. or n. You drag a node onto the canvas. You configure it. You connect it to the You configure it. You connect it to the You configure it. You connect it to the next one. You make sure the right next one. You make sure the right next one. You make sure the right variables are passing through. You test variables are passing through. You test variables are passing through. You test it. You add another node. And you keep it. You add another node. And you keep it. You add another node. And you keep going. And when you hit an error, which going. And when you hit an error, which going. And when you hit an error, which you will, you read the error message. you will, you read the error message. you will, you read the error message. You figure out what went wrong. You fix You figure out what went wrong. You fix You figure out what went wrong. You fix it. You test again. And you repeat until it. You test again. And you repeat until it. You test again. And you repeat until it works. You're basically building the it works. You're basically building the it works. You're basically building the whole thing manually. And if it breaks whole thing manually. And if it breaks whole thing manually. And if it breaks again later, you're the one who has to again later, you're the one who has to again later, you're the one who has to go back in there and fix it yourself. go back in there and fix it yourself. go back in there and fix it yourself. Now, this was a huge leap in the AI Now, this was a huge leap in the AI Now, this was a huge leap in the AI automation space because it automation space because it automation space because it significantly lowered the barrier to significantly lowered the barrier to significantly lowered the barrier to entry and it allowed anyone from any entry and it allowed anyone from any entry and it allowed anyone from any background to learn these tools and background to learn these tools and background to learn these tools and build some really powerful automations build some really powerful automations build some really powerful automations in a matter of days. But agentic in a matter of days. But agentic in a matter of days. But agentic workflows completely flip that whole workflows completely flip that whole workflows completely flip that whole process because instead of telling the process because instead of telling the process because instead of telling the system how to do something step by step, system how to do something step by step, system how to do something step by step, you're just telling it what you want and you're just telling it what you want and you're just telling it what you want and then the agent figures out the rest. So then the agent figures out the rest. So then the agent figures out the rest. So think about it like hiring a really think about it like hiring a really think about it like hiring a really talented developer. You don't sit there talented developer. You don't sit there talented developer. You don't sit there explaining the code or walking them explaining the code or walking them explaining the code or walking them through the logic line by line. You walk through the logic line by line. You walk through the logic line by line. You walk in and you explain the problem. You in and you explain the problem. You in and you explain the problem. You describe the outcome you want and then describe the outcome you want and then describe the outcome you want and then you ask, okay, what else do you need you ask, okay, what else do you need you ask, okay, what else do you need from me? So that's what makes it aic. from me? So that's what makes it aic. from me? So that's what makes it aic. The system reasons, it adapts, it asks The system reasons, it adapts, it asks The system reasons, it adapts, it asks clarifying questions when it needs to. clarifying questions when it needs to. clarifying questions when it needs to. It makes decisions. It fixes itself when It makes decisions. It fixes itself when It makes decisions. It fixes itself when something breaks. And it does research something breaks. And it does research something breaks. And it does research all to make your job as easy as all to make your job as easy as all to make your job as easy as possible. Now I do believe that possible. Now I do believe that possible. Now I do believe that traditional automation with a tool like traditional automation with a tool like traditional automation with a tool like Naden isn't going anywhere. It's still Naden isn't going anywhere. It's still Naden isn't going anywhere. It's still perfect for repetitive predictable perfect for repetitive predictable perfect for repetitive predictable tasks. And there are two terms that we tasks. And there are two terms that we tasks. And there are two terms that we use in the AI automation space. use in the AI automation space. use in the AI automation space. Deterministic and non-deterministic. Deterministic and non-deterministic. Deterministic and non-deterministic. Deterministic means predictable. And in Deterministic means predictable. And in Deterministic means predictable. And in automation, predictable is beautiful. automation, predictable is beautiful. automation, predictable is beautiful. Boring is beautiful because you know Boring is beautiful because you know Boring is beautiful because you know exactly what's going to happen every exactly what's going to happen every exactly what's going to happen every single time the automation runs. single time the automation runs. single time the automation runs. Non-deterministic means that given an Non-deterministic means that given an Non-deterministic means that given an input and you don't know exactly what input and you don't know exactly what input and you don't know exactly what the output will be. There's variability, the output will be. There's variability, the output will be. There's variability, there's judgment, there's AI, and AI is there's judgment, there's AI, and AI is there's judgment, there's AI, and AI is non-deterministic. So our job as AI non-deterministic. So our job as AI non-deterministic. So our job as AI automation builders is to make a automation builders is to make a automation builders is to make a non-deterministic process as non-deterministic process as non-deterministic process as deterministic as possible because deterministic as possible because deterministic as possible because typically business processes are pretty typically business processes are pretty typically business processes are pretty deterministic or at least as deterministic or at least as deterministic or at least as deterministic as they can be. So that's deterministic as they can be. So that's deterministic as they can be. So that's exactly where agentic workflows shine. exactly where agentic workflows shine. exactly where agentic workflows shine. They unlock tasks that are too variable They unlock tasks that are too variable They unlock tasks that are too variable for traditional automation stuff that for traditional automation stuff that for traditional automation stuff that needs judgment calls at every step just needs judgment calls at every step just needs judgment calls at every step just to be a little bit more dynamic. Maybe to be a little bit more dynamic. Maybe to be a little bit more dynamic. Maybe research, maybe content creation, research, maybe content creation, research, maybe content creation, customer support, lead genen. These are customer support, lead genen. These are customer support, lead genen. These are messy processes that can involve a lot messy processes that can involve a lot messy processes that can involve a lot of moving pieces. So with aentic of moving pieces. So with aentic of moving pieces. So with aentic workflows, we can handle that workflows, we can handle that workflows, we can handle that variability and the system actually gets variability and the system actually gets variability and the system actually gets better over time instead of just setting better over time instead of just setting better over time instead of just setting it and forgetting it or having to go it and forgetting it or having to go it and forgetting it or having to go manually in and make improvements by manually in and make improvements by manually in and make improvements by yourself. There's a reason why so many yourself. There's a reason why so many yourself. There's a reason why so many builders right now are shifting to tools builders right now are shifting to tools builders right now are shifting to tools that are a little bit more genetic like that are a little bit more genetic like that are a little bit more genetic like cloud code or anti-gravity because they cloud code or anti-gravity because they cloud code or anti-gravity because they fix a lot of the common struggles with fix a lot of the common struggles with fix a lot of the common struggles with traditional automation. There's no more traditional automation. There's no more traditional automation. There's no more finding and fixing errors manually. No finding and fixing errors manually. No finding and fixing errors manually. No more setting up API calls yourself. No more setting up API calls yourself. No more setting up API calls yourself. No more manually connecting to MCP servers. more manually connecting to MCP servers. more manually connecting to MCP servers. No more getting stuck on the logic. So No more getting stuck on the logic. So No more getting stuck on the logic. So here's a really simple way to think here's a really simple way to think here's a really simple way to think about that evolution. Let's say you about that evolution. Let's say you about that evolution. Let's say you wanted to get to a carnival across town wanted to get to a carnival across town wanted to get to a carnival across town and you know roughly where it is, but and you know roughly where it is, but and you know roughly where it is, but you still need directions. Traditional you still need directions. Traditional you still need directions. Traditional automation is like using a paper map and automation is like using a paper map and automation is like using a paper map and a compass and you're looking at the a compass and you're looking at the a compass and you're looking at the street names and you're trying to figure street names and you're trying to figure street names and you're trying to figure out your own routes. You're choosing the out your own routes. You're choosing the out your own routes. You're choosing the streets to walk down and you can get streets to walk down and you can get streets to walk down and you can get there and you will get there. It just there and you will get there. It just there and you will get there. It just takes a little bit more effort and if takes a little bit more effort and if takes a little bit more effort and if you make the wrong turn, you'd have to you make the wrong turn, you'd have to you make the wrong turn, you'd have to figure that out and course correct. But figure that out and course correct. But figure that out and course correct. But with Aentic Workflows, that's just like with Aentic Workflows, that's just like with Aentic Workflows, that's just like pulling out your phone, googling for the pulling out your phone, googling for the pulling out your phone, googling for the carnival, and then it basically gives carnival, and then it basically gives carnival, and then it basically gives you this blue line and all you have to you this blue line and all you have to you this blue line and all you have to do is follow it. And if you go off the do is follow it. And if you go off the do is follow it. And if you go off the path, it will like recalculate and it path, it will like recalculate and it path, it will like recalculate and it will make sure that you go back to the will make sure that you go back to the will make sure that you go back to the actual outcome that you're looking for. actual outcome that you're looking for. actual outcome that you're looking for. So in both scenarios, you can get to the So in both scenarios, you can get to the So in both scenarios, you can get to the same destination, but it's just a same destination, but it's just a same destination, but it's just a completely different experience getting completely different experience getting completely different experience getting there. So let's talk about what's there. So let's talk about what's there. So let's talk about what's actually happening under the hood and actually happening under the hood and actually happening under the hood and what you need to know in order to build what you need to know in order to build what you need to know in order to build an agentic workflow. So we're using a an agentic workflow. So we're using a an agentic workflow. So we're using a framework called WAT. You could just hop framework called WAT. You could just hop framework called WAT. You could just hop into Cloud Code right now and start into Cloud Code right now and start into Cloud Code right now and start talking to the agent and honestly it talking to the agent and honestly it talking to the agent and honestly it would do just fine. But without would do just fine. But without would do just fine. But without structure, things get messy fast. Think structure, things get messy fast. Think structure, things get messy fast. Think about it like a school locker. If you about it like a school locker. If you about it like a school locker. If you just threw every piece of paper, every just threw every piece of paper, every just threw every piece of paper, every homework assignment, every note from homework assignment, every note from homework assignment, every note from every subject into a locker with no every subject into a locker with no every subject into a locker with no organization, you could get straight organization, you could get straight organization, you could get straight A's, but it would be tough because you'd A's, but it would be tough because you'd A's, but it would be tough because you'd be digging through piles of paper. you'd be digging through piles of paper. you'd be digging through piles of paper. you'd probably forget things or lose things probably forget things or lose things probably forget things or lose things and that's why you would have finders, and that's why you would have finders, and that's why you would have finders, shelves, folders, notebooks. Structure shelves, folders, notebooks. Structure shelves, folders, notebooks. Structure makes everything easier. So, it's the makes everything easier. So, it's the makes everything easier. So, it's the exact same thing here. We need to tell exact same thing here. We need to tell exact same thing here. We need to tell cloud code how to stay organized and cloud code how to stay organized and cloud code how to stay organized and that's why we do that using our that's why we do that using our that's why we do that using our framework called WAT. W stands for framework called WAT. W stands for framework called WAT. W stands for workflows, A stands for agent and T workflows, A stands for agent and T workflows, A stands for agent and T stands for tools. Each piece of that stands for tools. Each piece of that stands for tools. Each piece of that framework has its own job. So, let me framework has its own job. So, let me framework has its own job. So, let me break that down. All right. So, first we break that down. All right. So, first we break that down. All right. So, first we have the workflows which are the have the workflows which are the have the workflows which are the instructions. These are instruction instructions. These are instruction instructions. These are instruction files that are written in markdown, files that are written in markdown, files that are written in markdown, which is basically just natural which is basically just natural which is basically just natural language, but it uses things like pound language, but it uses things like pound language, but it uses things like pound signs and asterisks so that the agent signs and asterisks so that the agent signs and asterisks so that the agent knows what are the headers, what are the knows what are the headers, what are the knows what are the headers, what are the subheaders, what's bold, what's subheaders, what's bold, what's subheaders, what's bold, what's important, stuff like that. So, I'll put important, stuff like that. So, I'll put important, stuff like that. So, I'll put a quick example right up here on the a quick example right up here on the a quick example right up here on the screen if you've never heard of screen if you've never heard of screen if you've never heard of Markdown, but just know it's super Markdown, but just know it's super Markdown, but just know it's super simple and you could go read that and simple and you could go read that and simple and you could go read that and you would not be confused at all. So, you would not be confused at all. So, you would not be confused at all. So, think of a workflow like a job think of a workflow like a job think of a workflow like a job description or an SOP, just a process. description or an SOP, just a process. description or an SOP, just a process. It tells the agent what to do. For It tells the agent what to do. For It tells the agent what to do. For example, we might have a workflow called example, we might have a workflow called example, we might have a workflow called competitor analysis. The workflow tells competitor analysis. The workflow tells competitor analysis. The workflow tells the agent to research businesses, then the agent to research businesses, then the agent to research businesses, then gather data from five competitor gather data from five competitor gather data from five competitor sources, then analyze those findings, sources, then analyze those findings, sources, then analyze those findings, and then analyze our business, and then and then analyze our business, and then and then analyze our business, and then create a PDF report. So, it's just create a PDF report. So, it's just create a PDF report. So, it's just basically a process, a sequence of basically a process, a sequence of basically a process, a sequence of steps. They're guidelines. The agent steps. They're guidelines. The agent steps. They're guidelines. The agent then uses these guidelines to figure out then uses these guidelines to figure out then uses these guidelines to figure out how to achieve that end goal. And here's how to achieve that end goal. And here's how to achieve that end goal. And here's the cool part. As the agent works and it the cool part. As the agent works and it the cool part. As the agent works and it gives you outputs, you can say, I liked gives you outputs, you can say, I liked gives you outputs, you can say, I liked this, but I didn't like that, or go this, but I didn't like that, or go this, but I didn't like that, or go ahead and change this, and it'll ahead and change this, and it'll ahead and change this, and it'll actually update its workflow file so actually update its workflow file so actually update its workflow file so that next time it calls on the workflow, that next time it calls on the workflow, that next time it calls on the workflow, it will do better. Now, the A stands for it will do better. Now, the A stands for it will do better. Now, the A stands for agent, which is the coordinator. This is agent, which is the coordinator. This is agent, which is the coordinator. This is the actual AI. This is claude code the actual AI. This is claude code the actual AI. This is claude code itself. This is the brain. It reads your itself. This is the brain. It reads your itself. This is the brain. It reads your workflows and it reads those workflows and it reads those workflows and it reads those instructions and it looks at what tools instructions and it looks at what tools instructions and it looks at what tools it has available. And then it makes it has available. And then it makes it has available. And then it makes decisions about which tool to use and decisions about which tool to use and decisions about which tool to use and when. And if something breaks, it will when. And if something breaks, it will when. And if something breaks, it will handle the error. It will research it. handle the error. It will research it. handle the error. It will research it. It will figure it out and it will adapt It will figure it out and it will adapt It will figure it out and it will adapt for you. So really just think of this as for you. So really just think of this as for you. So really just think of this as like a project manager. You hand them like a project manager. You hand them like a project manager. You hand them the instructions and they will delegate the instructions and they will delegate the instructions and they will delegate tasks to the right people. Except for tasks to the right people. Except for tasks to the right people. Except for not people. It's more so they delegate not people. It's more so they delegate not people. It's more so they delegate tasks to the right tools and workflows. tasks to the right tools and workflows. tasks to the right tools and workflows. So you don't have to figure out the So you don't have to figure out the So you don't have to figure out the sequencing or the logic. Cloud code does sequencing or the logic. Cloud code does sequencing or the logic. Cloud code does it. And then the T are the tools which it. And then the T are the tools which it. And then the T are the tools which are kind of the workers or the actions. are kind of the workers or the actions. are kind of the workers or the actions. Tools are Python scripts that actually Tools are Python scripts that actually Tools are Python scripts that actually do the work. And this is where the ugly do the work. And this is where the ugly do the work. And this is where the ugly code lives. But don't worry, you don't code lives. But don't worry, you don't code lives. But don't worry, you don't have to touch it. Each tool will have have to touch it. Each tool will have have to touch it. Each tool will have one specific job. The workflow is a big one specific job. The workflow is a big one specific job. The workflow is a big process. A tool is just one specific process. A tool is just one specific process. A tool is just one specific action like scraping a website or action like scraping a website or action like scraping a website or generating a PDF. The agent then calls generating a PDF. The agent then calls generating a PDF. The agent then calls these tools when it needs to based on these tools when it needs to based on these tools when it needs to based on what it says in the workflow what it says in the workflow what it says in the workflow instructions. So for research workflow, instructions. So for research workflow, instructions. So for research workflow, your tools might be one to scrape a your tools might be one to scrape a your tools might be one to scrape a website, one to analyze findings, and website, one to analyze findings, and website, one to analyze findings, and one to generate a PDF. And here's the one to generate a PDF. And here's the one to generate a PDF. And here's the best part. These tools also get best part. These tools also get best part. These tools also get automatically built by cloud code, and automatically built by cloud code, and automatically built by cloud code, and if they fail, they get automatically if they fail, they get automatically if they fail, they get automatically updated and fixed by cloud code. They're updated and fixed by cloud code. They're updated and fixed by cloud code. They're super modular, so you can call a tool super modular, so you can call a tool super modular, so you can call a tool with a different workflow if you want to with a different workflow if you want to with a different workflow if you want to later. So, how do these three layers later. So, how do these three layers later. So, how do these three layers work together? Let me just show you how work together? Let me just show you how work together? Let me just show you how this connects. Let's say that we give an this connects. Let's say that we give an this connects. Let's say that we give an agent a task like research company X's agent a task like research company X's agent a task like research company X's pricing and then create a PDF report for pricing and then create a PDF report for pricing and then create a PDF report for me. The agent reads the workflow, the me. The agent reads the workflow, the me. The agent reads the workflow, the instructions, looks at the available instructions, looks at the available instructions, looks at the available tools and decides the sequence. So, tools and decides the sequence. So, tools and decides the sequence. So, first it would call something like a web first it would call something like a web first it would call something like a web search tool to find the relevant info. search tool to find the relevant info. search tool to find the relevant info. Then it would call something like a Then it would call something like a Then it would call something like a scrape website tool to pull content from scrape website tool to pull content from scrape website tool to pull content from those URLs. Then it calls the analyze those URLs. Then it calls the analyze those URLs. Then it calls the analyze finding tool to synthesize everything. finding tool to synthesize everything. finding tool to synthesize everything. And finally, it could call the generate And finally, it could call the generate And finally, it could call the generate PDF tool to create that branded report. PDF tool to create that branded report. PDF tool to create that branded report. Now, the whole time it's reasoning and Now, the whole time it's reasoning and Now, the whole time it's reasoning and it's making decisions based on what you it's making decisions based on what you it's making decisions based on what you told it to do in the workflow and you're told it to do in the workflow and you're told it to do in the workflow and you're not mapping it out step by step. The not mapping it out step by step. The not mapping it out step by step. The agent handles the logic and updates it. agent handles the logic and updates it. agent handles the logic and updates it. All right, so that's what I wanted you All right, so that's what I wanted you All right, so that's what I wanted you guys to understand about Agentic guys to understand about Agentic guys to understand about Agentic Workflows. All right, but before we Workflows. All right, but before we Workflows. All right, but before we continue, if you want to follow along continue, if you want to follow along continue, if you want to follow along with the video, you can download this with the video, you can download this with the video, you can download this resource I'll be using in my community. resource I'll be using in my community. resource I'll be using in my community. Once you're there, you just need to look Once you're there, you just need to look Once you're there, you just need to look for the post with this video and you'll for the post with this video and you'll for the post with this video and you'll find it attached as a markdown file. find it attached as a markdown file. find it attached as a markdown file. Now, let's get back to building your Now, let's get back to building your Now, let's get back to building your first agentic workflow. Okay, so we got first agentic workflow. Okay, so we got first agentic workflow. Okay, so we got all of that stuff out of the way. The all of that stuff out of the way. The all of that stuff out of the way. The first thing I need you to do is go to first thing I need you to do is go to first thing I need you to do is go to Google or a browser and type in VS Code Google or a browser and type in VS Code Google or a browser and type in VS Code or Visual Studio Code and go ahead and or Visual Studio Code and go ahead and or Visual Studio Code and go ahead and download this. This is where we're going download this. This is where we're going download this. This is where we're going to be using Cloud Code. So once you to be using Cloud Code. So once you to be using Cloud Code. So once you install that, it's going to look like install that, it's going to look like install that, it's going to look like this when you open it up. It's just kind this when you open it up. It's just kind this when you open it up. It's just kind of like a welcome onboarding screen. of like a welcome onboarding screen. of like a welcome onboarding screen. What I'm going to do is just break What I'm going to do is just break What I'm going to do is just break everything down as far as what you everything down as far as what you everything down as far as what you actually need to click on, what you need actually need to click on, what you need actually need to click on, what you need to know because there's a lot of buttons to know because there's a lot of buttons to know because there's a lot of buttons in here and it's probably a new in here and it's probably a new in here and it's probably a new interface which makes it overwhelming, interface which makes it overwhelming, interface which makes it overwhelming, but it's going to be simple. You'll see. but it's going to be simple. You'll see. but it's going to be simple. You'll see. So before we do anything else, we have So before we do anything else, we have So before we do anything else, we have to actually install the Claude Code to actually install the Claude Code to actually install the Claude Code extension. You can see up here I've got extension. You can see up here I've got extension. You can see up here I've got this little button where if I click on this little button where if I click on this little button where if I click on it, it opens up Claude Code and we get it, it opens up Claude Code and we get it, it opens up Claude Code and we get the little crab and we can now talk to the little crab and we can now talk to the little crab and we can now talk to Claude Code. So, you're not going to Claude Code. So, you're not going to Claude Code. So, you're not going to have that by default. The way you get have that by default. The way you get have that by default. The way you get that is you go over to the lefth hand that is you go over to the lefth hand that is you go over to the lefth hand side to the menu bar and you're going to side to the menu bar and you're going to side to the menu bar and you're going to click on extensions. You are then going click on extensions. You are then going click on extensions. You are then going to search for claude code. So, if you to search for claude code. So, if you to search for claude code. So, if you just type in claude, it should pop up just type in claude, it should pop up just type in claude, it should pop up over here and you'll click on it and over here and you'll click on it and over here and you'll click on it and then you just have to install this then you just have to install this then you just have to install this extension. Now, once you install this, extension. Now, once you install this, extension. Now, once you install this, it will prompt you to sign in with your it will prompt you to sign in with your it will prompt you to sign in with your anthropic or your claude subscription. anthropic or your claude subscription. anthropic or your claude subscription. And so, you do have to be on a paid And so, you do have to be on a paid And so, you do have to be on a paid cloud subscription in order to use cloud cloud subscription in order to use cloud cloud subscription in order to use cloud code. You can see here on the free code. You can see here on the free code. You can see here on the free version you don't have it but pro or max version you don't have it but pro or max version you don't have it but pro or max or the higher max you will have cloud or the higher max you will have cloud or the higher max you will have cloud code with opus 4.5. So once you're on a code with opus 4.5. So once you're on a code with opus 4.5. So once you're on a pro or max plan then you will come back pro or max plan then you will come back pro or max plan then you will come back into VS Code. You'll sign in with that into VS Code. You'll sign in with that into VS Code. You'll sign in with that and you should be all set to start using and you should be all set to start using and you should be all set to start using cloud code right here. So we've got that cloud code right here. So we've got that cloud code right here. So we've got that configured. Now what I want you to do is configured. Now what I want you to do is configured. Now what I want you to do is click on the button up in the top right click on the button up in the top right click on the button up in the top right and close out of this window and you and close out of this window and you and close out of this window and you should be able to see that you have should be able to see that you have should be able to see that you have cloud code right here. So now in order cloud code right here. So now in order cloud code right here. So now in order to really use cloud code we have to be to really use cloud code we have to be to really use cloud code we have to be in some sort of project. So, if I go in some sort of project. So, if I go in some sort of project. So, if I go over to the lefth hand side and I go all over to the lefth hand side and I go all over to the lefth hand side and I go all the way up to the explorer, you can see the way up to the explorer, you can see the way up to the explorer, you can see that it says no folder open, which means that it says no folder open, which means that it says no folder open, which means basically we're not in a project. So, basically we're not in a project. So, basically we're not in a project. So, you're going to go ahead and click on you're going to go ahead and click on you're going to go ahead and click on open folder and you can see what I did open folder and you can see what I did open folder and you can see what I did is I created a folder right here called is I created a folder right here called is I created a folder right here called first agentic workflow and it's first agentic workflow and it's first agentic workflow and it's completely blank. So, open up a blank completely blank. So, open up a blank completely blank. So, open up a blank folder or go create a new one and then folder or go create a new one and then folder or go create a new one and then select it. So, this is what your screen select it. So, this is what your screen select it. So, this is what your screen should now look like. You've got your should now look like. You've got your should now look like. You've got your folder on the lefth hand side with no folder on the lefth hand side with no folder on the lefth hand side with no files in there. You've got these other files in there. You've got these other files in there. You've got these other panels on the right and what we're going panels on the right and what we're going panels on the right and what we're going to do is close out of the VS Code agent to do is close out of the VS Code agent to do is close out of the VS Code agent and then we're going to open up Cloud and then we're going to open up Cloud and then we're going to open up Cloud Code and then we're just going to get Code and then we're just going to get Code and then we're just going to get rid of the welcome VS Code screen. So rid of the welcome VS Code screen. So rid of the welcome VS Code screen. So what we have here is files on the lefth what we have here is files on the lefth what we have here is files on the lefth hand side and this is where we're going hand side and this is where we're going hand side and this is where we're going to see any folders that we create, any to see any folders that we create, any to see any folders that we create, any of the files that Claude actually makes of the files that Claude actually makes of the files that Claude actually makes for us. And then right here is where we for us. And then right here is where we for us. And then right here is where we can actually talk to Claude code and can actually talk to Claude code and can actually talk to Claude code and just think of this as your typical chat just think of this as your typical chat just think of this as your typical chat GBT interface, your Gemini interface or GBT interface, your Gemini interface or GBT interface, your Gemini interface or of course your Claude interface. This is of course your Claude interface. This is of course your Claude interface. This is where the agent lives and then this is where the agent lives and then this is where the agent lives and then this is where the files live. So this is where where the files live. So this is where where the files live. So this is where we'll see the workflows and tools as we we'll see the workflows and tools as we we'll see the workflows and tools as we mentioned. So you remember earlier I mentioned. So you remember earlier I mentioned. So you remember earlier I talked about how we had to make sure talked about how we had to make sure talked about how we had to make sure that our agent understands our structure that our agent understands our structure that our agent understands our structure just like it wouldn't want to throw just like it wouldn't want to throw just like it wouldn't want to throw have to give it structure. So, what have to give it structure. So, what have to give it structure. So, what we're going to do is we're going to give we're going to do is we're going to give we're going to do is we're going to give it this file that's called a claw.md it this file that's called a claw.md it this file that's called a claw.md file. And if you want to get this, I file. And if you want to get this, I file. And if you want to get this, I will have it available for download in will have it available for download in will have it available for download in my free school community. So, this is my free school community. So, this is my free school community. So, this is basically the onboarding document. We're basically the onboarding document. We're basically the onboarding document. We're catching the agent up to speed as far as catching the agent up to speed as far as catching the agent up to speed as far as how do we want to work. So, you can see how do we want to work. So, you can see how do we want to work. So, you can see what we're doing is we're explaining what we're doing is we're explaining what we're doing is we're explaining you're working inside the WAT you're working inside the WAT you're working inside the WAT frameworks, agents, tools. So, then we frameworks, agents, tools. So, then we frameworks, agents, tools. So, then we go ahead and explain. Layer 1 is the go ahead and explain. Layer 1 is the go ahead and explain. Layer 1 is the instructions. Layer two is you. Layer instructions. Layer two is you. Layer instructions. Layer two is you. Layer three are the tools. I'm not going to three are the tools. I'm not going to three are the tools. I'm not going to read out this whole markdown file line read out this whole markdown file line read out this whole markdown file line by line. You guys can access it like I by line. You guys can access it like I by line. You guys can access it like I said, but I'll hit on a few of the said, but I'll hit on a few of the said, but I'll hit on a few of the important things. So, we go over how to important things. So, we go over how to important things. So, we go over how to operate. So we tell it first look in operate. So we tell it first look in operate. So we tell it first look in your existing tools. Then you learn and your existing tools. Then you learn and your existing tools. Then you learn and adapt when things fail. So when you hit adapt when things fail. So when you hit adapt when things fail. So when you hit an error you read it, you fix the script an error you read it, you fix the script an error you read it, you fix the script and you reset. So for example, if you and you reset. So for example, if you and you reset. So for example, if you get rate limited on an API, you would get rate limited on an API, you would get rate limited on an API, you would dig into the docs. You would see if you dig into the docs. You would see if you dig into the docs. You would see if you could discover a batch endpoint. You could discover a batch endpoint. You could discover a batch endpoint. You would refactor the tool to use it, would refactor the tool to use it, would refactor the tool to use it, verify it works, and then update the verify it works, and then update the verify it works, and then update the workflow so that error never happens workflow so that error never happens workflow so that error never happens again. And then of course, you want to again. And then of course, you want to again. And then of course, you want to keep the workflows current. We explain keep the workflows current. We explain keep the workflows current. We explain the self-improvement loop. We explain the self-improvement loop. We explain the self-improvement loop. We explain the file structure, which is going to the file structure, which is going to the file structure, which is going to look like this. These are the different look like this. These are the different look like this. These are the different folders we're going to have. We'll have folders we're going to have. We'll have folders we're going to have. We'll have one for temporary files. We'll have one one for temporary files. We'll have one one for temporary files. We'll have one for tools. We'll have one for workflows. for tools. We'll have one for workflows. for tools. We'll have one for workflows. And then we'll of course have some other And then we'll of course have some other And then we'll of course have some other different files in here as well. So different files in here as well. So different files in here as well. So anyways, that is our cloud.MD file. So anyways, that is our cloud.MD file. So anyways, that is our cloud.MD file. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to what I'm going to do is I'm going to what I'm going to do is I'm going to drag it over here into the lefth hand drag it over here into the lefth hand drag it over here into the lefth hand side because this is where we have our side because this is where we have our side because this is where we have our project files and folders. So I drop it project files and folders. So I drop it project files and folders. So I drop it in there. You can see it opens up over in there. You can see it opens up over in there. You can see it opens up over here. We could also read it right there, here. We could also read it right there, here. We could also read it right there, but I'm just going to go ahead and close but I'm just going to go ahead and close but I'm just going to go ahead and close out of that. And now we have claw.md set out of that. And now we have claw.md set out of that. And now we have claw.md set up right here. So what you can do now up right here. So what you can do now up right here. So what you can do now that we have cla.md is you could do a that we have cla.md is you could do a that we have cla.md is you could do a slash command, which is /init. And that slash command, which is /init. And that slash command, which is /init. And that basically just initializes the basically just initializes the basically just initializes the environment. But we could also just do environment. But we could also just do environment. But we could also just do this in natural language. So, I'm going this in natural language. So, I'm going this in natural language. So, I'm going to go ahead and say, "Hey, Claude, I to go ahead and say, "Hey, Claude, I to go ahead and say, "Hey, Claude, I just dropped in a claw.md file that just dropped in a claw.md file that just dropped in a claw.md file that explains how I want you to work in this explains how I want you to work in this explains how I want you to work in this project. Go ahead and initialize the project. Go ahead and initialize the project. Go ahead and initialize the project and get everything set up and project and get everything set up and project and get everything set up and ask me any questions if you have any." ask me any questions if you have any." ask me any questions if you have any." So, when I shoot that off, what you're So, when I shoot that off, what you're So, when I shoot that off, what you're going to notice is that we can see going to notice is that we can see going to notice is that we can see everything that Claude's doing. We're everything that Claude's doing. We're everything that Claude's doing. We're going to see its thinking. We're going going to see its thinking. We're going going to see its thinking. We're going to see its thoughts. We're going to see to see its thoughts. We're going to see to see its thoughts. We're going to see what it's doing. So, in this case, it what it's doing. So, in this case, it what it's doing. So, in this case, it literally says, "Okay, I'll read the literally says, "Okay, I'll read the literally says, "Okay, I'll read the claw.md file to understand your project claw.md file to understand your project claw.md file to understand your project requirements, and then I'm going to get requirements, and then I'm going to get requirements, and then I'm going to get everything set up." And then, what's everything set up." And then, what's everything set up." And then, what's cool is we can actually see what it's cool is we can actually see what it's cool is we can actually see what it's doing. So, we can see that it read the doing. So, we can see that it read the doing. So, we can see that it read the file. We can see now that it file. We can see now that it file. We can see now that it understands, and now it's going to understands, and now it's going to understands, and now it's going to create a to-do list and start to make us create a to-do list and start to make us create a to-do list and start to make us those folders. So, temporary tools, those folders. So, temporary tools, those folders. So, temporary tools, workflows, and you can see on the lefth workflows, and you can see on the lefth workflows, and you can see on the lefth hand side, it actually just built those. hand side, it actually just built those. hand side, it actually just built those. Now, one thing you may have noticed Now, one thing you may have noticed Now, one thing you may have noticed right here is that when we're talking to right here is that when we're talking to right here is that when we're talking to Claude, yours might look a little bit Claude, yours might look a little bit Claude, yours might look a little bit different because you may be looking for different because you may be looking for different because you may be looking for this bypass permissions mode. When we this bypass permissions mode. When we this bypass permissions mode. When we talk to Claude code, we can either use talk to Claude code, we can either use talk to Claude code, we can either use bypass permissions, we can use ask bypass permissions, we can use ask bypass permissions, we can use ask before edits, we can use edit before edits, we can use edit before edits, we can use edit automatically, or we can use just plan automatically, or we can use just plan automatically, or we can use just plan mode. So, if you want to be able to get mode. So, if you want to be able to get mode. So, if you want to be able to get bypass permissions mode, you have to go bypass permissions mode, you have to go bypass permissions mode, you have to go to your settings, and then you're going to your settings, and then you're going to your settings, and then you're going to type in cloud code, and then you just to type in cloud code, and then you just to type in cloud code, and then you just have to allow dangerously bypassed have to allow dangerously bypassed have to allow dangerously bypassed permissions. Now, yes, I know it sounds permissions. Now, yes, I know it sounds permissions. Now, yes, I know it sounds dangerous because the word dangerous is dangerous because the word dangerous is dangerous because the word dangerous is explicitly in there, but it's not too explicitly in there, but it's not too explicitly in there, but it's not too bad. It's really just more so if you bad. It's really just more so if you bad. It's really just more so if you give it a huge task and you don't do any give it a huge task and you don't do any give it a huge task and you don't do any planning and you don't know what it planning and you don't know what it planning and you don't know what it could do, it's just going to go execute could do, it's just going to go execute could do, it's just going to go execute everything without asking. So typically everything without asking. So typically everything without asking. So typically the flow that we like to follow is use the flow that we like to follow is use the flow that we like to follow is use plan mode, have it build out a really plan mode, have it build out a really plan mode, have it build out a really nice plan, ask you questions, and then nice plan, ask you questions, and then nice plan, ask you questions, and then once you're confident in it, say, "Yep, once you're confident in it, say, "Yep, once you're confident in it, say, "Yep, go ahead." And you turn on bypass go ahead." And you turn on bypass go ahead." And you turn on bypass permissions, which you guys will see me permissions, which you guys will see me permissions, which you guys will see me do that exact thing when we start do that exact thing when we start do that exact thing when we start building this workflow. So it did ask building this workflow. So it did ask building this workflow. So it did ask some questions. Do you want me to some questions. Do you want me to some questions. Do you want me to continue with the straightforward continue with the straightforward continue with the straightforward initialization? Do you want any Python initialization? Do you want any Python initialization? Do you want any Python packages? Do you want to do a git packages? Do you want to do a git packages? Do you want to do a git repository? Are there any specific tools repository? Are there any specific tools repository? Are there any specific tools or workflows? Right now, we're not going or workflows? Right now, we're not going or workflows? Right now, we're not going to worry about that. All I wanted to do to worry about that. All I wanted to do to worry about that. All I wanted to do was just get this folder structure set was just get this folder structure set was just get this folder structure set up. As you can see, we've got workflows, up. As you can see, we've got workflows, up. As you can see, we've got workflows, nothing in there. We've got tools with nothing in there. We've got tools with nothing in there. We've got tools with nothing in there. And we've got a nothing in there. And we've got a nothing in there. And we've got a temporary folder with nothing in there. temporary folder with nothing in there. temporary folder with nothing in there. So, I'm just going to go ahead and do So, I'm just going to go ahead and do So, I'm just going to go ahead and do /clear, which is just going to reset our /clear, which is just going to reset our /clear, which is just going to reset our conversation. All right. So, let's talk conversation. All right. So, let's talk conversation. All right. So, let's talk about the actual workflow that we want about the actual workflow that we want about the actual workflow that we want to build today. What I want to build is to build today. What I want to build is to build today. What I want to build is a competitor research workflow. And I a competitor research workflow. And I a competitor research workflow. And I want the deliverable to be branded PDFs, want the deliverable to be branded PDFs, want the deliverable to be branded PDFs, meaning I want to give Cloud Code my meaning I want to give Cloud Code my meaning I want to give Cloud Code my logo, my brand guidelines, and logo, my brand guidelines, and logo, my brand guidelines, and information about my business. And then information about my business. And then information about my business. And then it has to go research competitors. It's it has to go research competitors. It's it has to go research competitors. It's going to create, you know, like maybe a going to create, you know, like maybe a going to create, you know, like maybe a SWAT analysis or opportunities for us or SWAT analysis or opportunities for us or SWAT analysis or opportunities for us or tracking what they're doing really well. tracking what they're doing really well. tracking what they're doing really well. and then it's going to report all back and then it's going to report all back and then it's going to report all back with a PDF that once again is branded. with a PDF that once again is branded. with a PDF that once again is branded. So that's basically what I'm going to So that's basically what I'm going to So that's basically what I'm going to start with because I know what I want, start with because I know what I want, start with because I know what I want, but I don't know maybe the tools we're but I don't know maybe the tools we're but I don't know maybe the tools we're going to use or the exact structure. So going to use or the exact structure. So going to use or the exact structure. So I'm going to switch over here to plan I'm going to switch over here to plan I'm going to switch over here to plan mode and I'm just going to say exactly mode and I'm just going to say exactly mode and I'm just going to say exactly that. Hey Clude, so I've got an idea for that. Hey Clude, so I've got an idea for that. Hey Clude, so I've got an idea for a workflow that I want you to build. I a workflow that I want you to build. I a workflow that I want you to build. I basically at the end of it want a PDF basically at the end of it want a PDF basically at the end of it want a PDF and I want it to be branded. So I want and I want it to be branded. So I want and I want it to be branded. So I want to be able to give you my company logo to be able to give you my company logo to be able to give you my company logo and my company brand guidelines and the and my company brand guidelines and the and my company brand guidelines and the whole PDF output should have my logo on whole PDF output should have my logo on whole PDF output should have my logo on there and have our colors and our there and have our colors and our there and have our colors and our typography and stuff like that. But what typography and stuff like that. But what typography and stuff like that. But what I want you to do is it's basically a I want you to do is it's basically a I want you to do is it's basically a competitor analysis and research competitor analysis and research competitor analysis and research workflow. So I want to also give you workflow. So I want to also give you workflow. So I want to also give you information about my business that you information about my business that you information about my business that you need to save. And based on that need to save. And based on that need to save. And based on that information, you need to go find information, you need to go find information, you need to go find competitors and you need to find me competitors and you need to find me competitors and you need to find me areas to improve my business. Maybe see areas to improve my business. Maybe see areas to improve my business. Maybe see what's working well for them and just what's working well for them and just what's working well for them and just build me out a good way for me to keep build me out a good way for me to keep build me out a good way for me to keep tabs on the market and what's going on tabs on the market and what's going on tabs on the market and what's going on with my competitors. Yeah, that's kind with my competitors. Yeah, that's kind with my competitors. Yeah, that's kind of what I'm looking for. So help me of what I'm looking for. So help me of what I'm looking for. So help me build a plan for this workflow. And once build a plan for this workflow. And once build a plan for this workflow. And once again, of course, you can ask me any again, of course, you can ask me any again, of course, you can ask me any questions that you have if you're questions that you have if you're questions that you have if you're confused. All right, so that was my confused. All right, so that was my confused. All right, so that was my request. You can see it was all natural request. You can see it was all natural request. You can see it was all natural language. It's very simple. It's language. It's very simple. It's language. It's very simple. It's probably the way I would just speak to probably the way I would just speak to probably the way I would just speak to like a human. And what it's going to do like a human. And what it's going to do like a human. And what it's going to do now that it's on plan mode is it's going now that it's on plan mode is it's going now that it's on plan mode is it's going to think. It's going to look at some to think. It's going to look at some to think. It's going to look at some stuff. It might even do some initial stuff. It might even do some initial stuff. It might even do some initial research in order to help build a plan. research in order to help build a plan. research in order to help build a plan. And then what it's going to do is it is And then what it's going to do is it is And then what it's going to do is it is going to actually ask us questions. Now, going to actually ask us questions. Now, going to actually ask us questions. Now, I know that this might seem a little I know that this might seem a little I know that this might seem a little intimidating, but really when I was intimidating, but really when I was intimidating, but really when I was learning Claude Code, the way that I did learning Claude Code, the way that I did learning Claude Code, the way that I did it was I would ask it a question and it was I would ask it a question and it was I would ask it a question and then I would just read every single line then I would just read every single line then I would just read every single line of what it's doing. If any of these of what it's doing. If any of these of what it's doing. If any of these tasks or glob pattern like what is that? tasks or glob pattern like what is that? tasks or glob pattern like what is that? If anything confused me, I would just If anything confused me, I would just If anything confused me, I would just say what is this? What did you do here? say what is this? What did you do here? say what is this? What did you do here? Why did you do that? So, it's really Why did you do that? So, it's really Why did you do that? So, it's really about if you're genuinely curious and about if you're genuinely curious and about if you're genuinely curious and you just read and pay attention, you you just read and pay attention, you you just read and pay attention, you will pick this up really, really fast. will pick this up really, really fast. will pick this up really, really fast. So, you can see it first of all explored So, you can see it first of all explored So, you can see it first of all explored existing workflows and tools and then existing workflows and tools and then existing workflows and tools and then it's looking at branding and PDF it's looking at branding and PDF it's looking at branding and PDF capabilities. This was basically just capabilities. This was basically just capabilities. This was basically just seeing if it could find any tools in the seeing if it could find any tools in the seeing if it could find any tools in the folder for Python. It's reading other folder for Python. It's reading other folder for Python. It's reading other files in our environment to see what's files in our environment to see what's files in our environment to see what's going on. And now you can see that we going on. And now you can see that we going on. And now you can see that we are in the question phase. So, it's got are in the question phase. So, it's got are in the question phase. So, it's got four questions to start. First one is four questions to start. First one is four questions to start. First one is discovery. How should competitors be discovery. How should competitors be discovery. How should competitors be identified for analysis? I can either identified for analysis? I can either identified for analysis? I can either provide a list. It can autodiscocover provide a list. It can autodiscocover provide a list. It can autodiscocover based on my business info or hybrid. You based on my business info or hybrid. You based on my business info or hybrid. You know what? So, let's just go ahead and know what? So, let's just go ahead and know what? So, let's just go ahead and try autodiscocover based on my business try autodiscocover based on my business try autodiscocover based on my business info. Then it asks us what business info. Then it asks us what business info. Then it asks us what business information should the workflow collect information should the workflow collect information should the workflow collect and save about your company. Company and save about your company. Company and save about your company. Company description and value prop, product, description and value prop, product, description and value prop, product, service, and pricing, target market, and service, and pricing, target market, and service, and pricing, target market, and customer segments, key features. Let's customer segments, key features. Let's customer segments, key features. Let's just do all of that. We wanted to get as just do all of that. We wanted to get as just do all of that. We wanted to get as much information about us as possible. much information about us as possible. much information about us as possible. For analysis, it asks what aspects of For analysis, it asks what aspects of For analysis, it asks what aspects of competitors should be analyzed. We've competitors should be analyzed. We've competitors should be analyzed. We've got products, services, features, got products, services, features, got products, services, features, pricing and business model, marketing, pricing and business model, marketing, pricing and business model, marketing, messaging. I want to analyze all of messaging. I want to analyze all of messaging. I want to analyze all of this. Why would we not? So, I'm going to this. Why would we not? So, I'm going to this. Why would we not? So, I'm going to choose all of it. For branding, it says, choose all of it. For branding, it says, choose all of it. For branding, it says, "Can I use the existing branding assets "Can I use the existing branding assets "Can I use the existing branding assets I found in your YouTube analysis I found in your YouTube analysis I found in your YouTube analysis project?" And this is basically because project?" And this is basically because project?" And this is basically because I've got a big project that this first I've got a big project that this first I've got a big project that this first agentic workflow project sits in and it agentic workflow project sits in and it agentic workflow project sits in and it can search through those as well. But can search through those as well. But can search through those as well. But I'm going to assume that this is like I'm going to assume that this is like I'm going to assume that this is like you guys setting up a first workflow. So you guys setting up a first workflow. So you guys setting up a first workflow. So I'm going to say no, which is I will I'm going to say no, which is I will I'm going to say no, which is I will provide different branding. So I'm going provide different branding. So I'm going provide different branding. So I'm going to go ahead and submit those answers. to go ahead and submit those answers. to go ahead and submit those answers. It's going to take those adjust the plan It's going to take those adjust the plan It's going to take those adjust the plan a little bit and it may come back with a little bit and it may come back with a little bit and it may come back with more questions. It may not. So we'll more questions. It may not. So we'll more questions. It may not. So we'll see. And this is pretty cool because it see. And this is pretty cool because it see. And this is pretty cool because it said I have all the information I need. said I have all the information I need. said I have all the information I need. Let me launch a plan agent to actually Let me launch a plan agent to actually Let me launch a plan agent to actually design the implementation approach. It's design the implementation approach. It's design the implementation approach. It's asking us how often do we want to run asking us how often do we want to run asking us how often do we want to run this. I'm just going to go with monthly this. I'm just going to go with monthly this. I'm just going to go with monthly for now. For the output, it asks if we for now. For the output, it asks if we for now. For the output, it asks if we want anything else besides a PDF. That's want anything else besides a PDF. That's want anything else besides a PDF. That's pretty cool. But I'm just going to go pretty cool. But I'm just going to go pretty cool. But I'm just going to go PDF. And then for the budget, what's PDF. And then for the budget, what's PDF. And then for the budget, what's your comfort level with API cost for your comfort level with API cost for your comfort level with API cost for this workflow? I like how it's showing this workflow? I like how it's showing this workflow? I like how it's showing us different approaches here. And I'm us different approaches here. And I'm us different approaches here. And I'm just going to continue to go with the just going to continue to go with the just going to continue to go with the recommended approach. And we're going to recommended approach. And we're going to recommended approach. And we're going to go ahead and do this middle one. All go ahead and do this middle one. All go ahead and do this middle one. All right. So, at this point, it actually right. So, at this point, it actually right. So, at this point, it actually finished the plan. So, if I scroll all finished the plan. So, if I scroll all finished the plan. So, if I scroll all the way back up to when it started the way back up to when it started the way back up to when it started telling us, you can see this is super telling us, you can see this is super telling us, you can see this is super comprehensive. So, I'm still scrolling. comprehensive. So, I'm still scrolling. comprehensive. So, I'm still scrolling. Okay. Competitor analysis workflow Okay. Competitor analysis workflow Okay. Competitor analysis workflow implementation plan. Build a monthly implementation plan. Build a monthly implementation plan. Build a monthly recurring competitor analysis system recurring competitor analysis system recurring competitor analysis system that automatically discovers that automatically discovers that automatically discovers competitors, researches their offerings, competitors, researches their offerings, competitors, researches their offerings, generates a fully branded PDF report generates a fully branded PDF report generates a fully branded PDF report with actionable insights. So user with actionable insights. So user with actionable insights. So user requirements would be discovery, requirements would be discovery, requirements would be discovery, business info, analysis, output, business info, analysis, output, business info, analysis, output, frequency, budget. We've got the frequency, budget. We've got the frequency, budget. We've got the architecture. We've got the text stack. architecture. We've got the text stack. architecture. We've got the text stack. So it's going to be using cloud sonnet. So it's going to be using cloud sonnet. So it's going to be using cloud sonnet. It's going to use firecraw and It's going to use firecraw and It's going to use firecraw and perplexity. It's going to use sonnet. perplexity. It's going to use sonnet. perplexity. It's going to use sonnet. And it's going to use report lab for pdf And it's going to use report lab for pdf And it's going to use report lab for pdf generation. So it'll probably prompt us generation. So it'll probably prompt us generation. So it'll probably prompt us to go grab an API key there. And it's to go grab an API key there. And it's to go grab an API key there. And it's also going to generate charts using also going to generate charts using also going to generate charts using mattplot liib, which I believe is a mattplot liib, which I believe is a mattplot liib, which I believe is a python extension or plugin. And it's python extension or plugin. And it's python extension or plugin. And it's going to help with charts. It's also going to help with charts. It's also going to help with charts. It's also going to add some things in our folders going to add some things in our folders going to add some things in our folders over here. So you can see it's going to over here. So you can see it's going to over here. So you can see it's going to add a new folder called brand assets, add a new folder called brand assets, add a new folder called brand assets, and that's where we will upload our logo and that's where we will upload our logo and that's where we will upload our logo and our brand guidelines. And it's and our brand guidelines. And it's and our brand guidelines. And it's basically planning to create a few basically planning to create a few basically planning to create a few different things. It's going to create different things. It's going to create different things. It's going to create some files in the temporary folder. As some files in the temporary folder. As some files in the temporary folder. As you can see, it's going to create a you can see, it's going to create a you can see, it's going to create a workflow called competitor analysis. And workflow called competitor analysis. And workflow called competitor analysis. And it's going to create these five tools. it's going to create these five tools. it's going to create these five tools. So, collect business info, discover So, collect business info, discover So, collect business info, discover competitors, research competitors, competitors, research competitors, competitors, research competitors, analyze competitors, and generate analyze competitors, and generate analyze competitors, and generate competitor PDF. So, exactly like I said, competitor PDF. So, exactly like I said, competitor PDF. So, exactly like I said, it's going to create this workflow. It's it's going to create this workflow. It's it's going to create this workflow. It's going to create these tools, and then we going to create these tools, and then we going to create these tools, and then we should be good to run it. Now, one thing should be good to run it. Now, one thing should be good to run it. Now, one thing I noticed is it has a brand I noticed is it has a brand I noticed is it has a brand configuration file, and this basically configuration file, and this basically configuration file, and this basically made up our brand information, and it made up our brand information, and it made up our brand information, and it would probably want us to come in here would probably want us to come in here would probably want us to come in here and choose, you know, a name and maybe a and choose, you know, a name and maybe a and choose, you know, a name and maybe a logo path. But what we're going to do is logo path. But what we're going to do is logo path. But what we're going to do is we want to actually just drop in those we want to actually just drop in those we want to actually just drop in those files for it. So that's something that files for it. So that's something that files for it. So that's something that we will have to change, but we'll just we will have to change, but we'll just we will have to change, but we'll just keep going for now. We can see that it keep going for now. We can see that it keep going for now. We can see that it decided how to handle edge cases like decided how to handle edge cases like decided how to handle edge cases like competitor websites block scraping or competitor websites block scraping or competitor websites block scraping or insufficient competitors found, rate insufficient competitors found, rate insufficient competitors found, rate limiting, invalid brand assets, and data limiting, invalid brand assets, and data limiting, invalid brand assets, and data completeness issues. It's also giving us completeness issues. It's also giving us completeness issues. It's also giving us a cost breakdown, which is pretty cool. a cost breakdown, which is pretty cool. a cost breakdown, which is pretty cool. So the first run will be about a dollar So the first run will be about a dollar So the first run will be about a dollar and a half. It's also going to be doing and a half. It's also going to be doing and a half. It's also going to be doing subsequent runs on a 30-day cycle, which subsequent runs on a 30-day cycle, which subsequent runs on a 30-day cycle, which will be a huge cost savings because it's will be a huge cost savings because it's will be a huge cost savings because it's going to cache some of the data. And going to cache some of the data. And going to cache some of the data. And then if you're adding some new then if you're adding some new then if you're adding some new competitors, it'll be maybe another 50. competitors, it'll be maybe another 50. competitors, it'll be maybe another 50. So anyways, that is the end of the plan. So anyways, that is the end of the plan. So anyways, that is the end of the plan. We could basically go ahead now and auto We could basically go ahead now and auto We could basically go ahead now and auto accept or we could keep planning. And I accept or we could keep planning. And I accept or we could keep planning. And I do want to say no keep planning because do want to say no keep planning because do want to say no keep planning because there's one thing I want to change, there's one thing I want to change, there's one thing I want to change, which was our brand assets. So what I'm which was our brand assets. So what I'm which was our brand assets. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to take a logo, going to do is I'm going to take a logo, going to do is I'm going to take a logo, drag it into the lefth hand side. Take drag it into the lefth hand side. Take drag it into the lefth hand side. Take the brand guidelines and drag that into the brand guidelines and drag that into the brand guidelines and drag that into the lefth hand side. And you can see the lefth hand side. And you can see the lefth hand side. And you can see that we have these things up here that that we have these things up here that that we have these things up here that pop in and we can actually see them. pop in and we can actually see them. pop in and we can actually see them. That plan looks good. The only change I That plan looks good. The only change I That plan looks good. The only change I want to make is about the brand want to make is about the brand want to make is about the brand guidelines and the assets. So I just guidelines and the assets. So I just guidelines and the assets. So I just dropped you in two files, AISpng.png dropped you in two files, AISpng.png dropped you in two files, AISpng.png and AIS brand guidelines.png. and AIS brand guidelines.png. and AIS brand guidelines.png. Those are the ones that I want you to Those are the ones that I want you to Those are the ones that I want you to use to create the branded PDF. So look use to create the branded PDF. So look use to create the branded PDF. So look at those, extract the information out of at those, extract the information out of at those, extract the information out of them and make sure that the logo and the them and make sure that the logo and the them and make sure that the logo and the colors and everything appear on the colors and everything appear on the colors and everything appear on the final output PDF. And if you need to, final output PDF. And if you need to, final output PDF. And if you need to, you can throw those into a folder in you can throw those into a folder in you can throw those into a folder in this project to keep things organized. this project to keep things organized. this project to keep things organized. So this is awesome. It said, "I found So this is awesome. It said, "I found So this is awesome. It said, "I found your logos and I'm creating a brand your logos and I'm creating a brand your logos and I'm creating a brand asset guide." So we've got the logo and asset guide." So we've got the logo and asset guide." So we've got the logo and then it also extracted our colors and then it also extracted our colors and then it also extracted our colors and typography and now it's going to update typography and now it's going to update typography and now it's going to update the plan to use those assets. And now the plan to use those assets. And now the plan to use those assets. And now since that has been changed, we're going since that has been changed, we're going since that has been changed, we're going to go ahead and auto accept the plan. to go ahead and auto accept the plan. to go ahead and auto accept the plan. Hopefully it will get working for us. Of Hopefully it will get working for us. Of Hopefully it will get working for us. Of course, it's going to create a to-do course, it's going to create a to-do course, it's going to create a to-do list and then it's just going to start list and then it's just going to start list and then it's just going to start building all these different scripts, building all these different scripts, building all these different scripts, whether that's a workflow or a tool. And whether that's a workflow or a tool. And whether that's a workflow or a tool. And then it's going to test the workflow. then it's going to test the workflow. then it's going to test the workflow. And like I said, it'll probably have to And like I said, it'll probably have to And like I said, it'll probably have to come back and ask us for an API key or come back and ask us for an API key or come back and ask us for an API key or something like that. All right, so the something like that. All right, so the something like that. All right, so the workflow is ready. We can see that we workflow is ready. We can see that we workflow is ready. We can see that we have our branded assets set up. We've have our branded assets set up. We've have our branded assets set up. We've got the workflow completed. We've got got the workflow completed. We've got got the workflow completed. We've got the Python tools completed. We've got the Python tools completed. We've got the Python tools completed. We've got some setup files. So, we also have a some setup files. So, we also have a some setup files. So, we also have a readme that we could open up, which readme that we could open up, which readme that we could open up, which should basically just tell us pretty should basically just tell us pretty should basically just tell us pretty much how this actual workflow works. So, much how this actual workflow works. So, much how this actual workflow works. So, that's pretty cool. Now, we do have to that's pretty cool. Now, we do have to that's pretty cool. Now, we do have to go get two API keys to start. We need an go get two API keys to start. We need an go get two API keys to start. We need an entropic key and we need a firecrawl entropic key and we need a firecrawl entropic key and we need a firecrawl key. So it does actually tell us that key. So it does actually tell us that key. So it does actually tell us that here again we have to install here again we have to install here again we have to install dependencies. We have to set up those dependencies. We have to set up those dependencies. We have to set up those API keys and then we have to run the API keys and then we have to run the API keys and then we have to run the workflow. So first of all to install the workflow. So first of all to install the workflow. So first of all to install the dependencies I'm just going to say can dependencies I'm just going to say can dependencies I'm just going to say can you do this and then paste in exactly you do this and then paste in exactly you do this and then paste in exactly what it gave me. And so it's interesting what it gave me. And so it's interesting what it gave me. And so it's interesting it asks us to do that when it could have it asks us to do that when it could have it asks us to do that when it could have just done it itself. As you can see it's just done it itself. As you can see it's just done it itself. As you can see it's able to just run that command for us. So able to just run that command for us. So able to just run that command for us. So once it did that now it says okay you once it did that now it says okay you once it did that now it says okay you have to go create two API keys. So we have to go create two API keys. So we have to go create two API keys. So we need to create av file which is just need to create av file which is just need to create av file which is just going to be a copy fromv.ample. going to be a copy fromv.ample. going to be a copy fromv.ample. So I'm actually just going to run this So I'm actually just going to run this So I'm actually just going to run this command and it's going to copy that file command and it's going to copy that file command and it's going to copy that file for us. And now we have an actualv file for us. And now we have an actualv file for us. And now we have an actualv file right here. And so you can see it says, right here. And so you can see it says, right here. And so you can see it says, "Okay, cool. Now we need your enthropic "Okay, cool. Now we need your enthropic "Okay, cool. Now we need your enthropic key, your firecall key." And if I open key, your firecall key." And if I open key, your firecall key." And if I open up the it gives us those placeholders. up the it gives us those placeholders. up the it gives us those placeholders. So basically all we have to do is go So basically all we have to do is go So basically all we have to do is go grab those keys and then put them in grab those keys and then put them in grab those keys and then put them in here instead of these placeholders that here instead of these placeholders that here instead of these placeholders that you can see right there. So first let's you can see right there. So first let's you can see right there. So first let's go to Enthropic. I'm going to go to my go to Enthropic. I'm going to go to my go to Enthropic. I'm going to go to my cloud developer platform. I'm going to cloud developer platform. I'm going to cloud developer platform. I'm going to create a new key. This one's going to be create a new key. This one's going to be create a new key. This one's going to be called competitor analysis demo. We're called competitor analysis demo. We're called competitor analysis demo. We're going to have this key right here. Copy going to have this key right here. Copy going to have this key right here. Copy that and go into VS Code. Paste it in that and go into VS Code. Paste it in that and go into VS Code. Paste it in there. And then the next one we need to there. And then the next one we need to there. And then the next one we need to get is the firewall key. So, you can use get is the firewall key. So, you can use get is the firewall key. So, you can use the link in the description to go to the link in the description to go to the link in the description to go to Firecrawl. You can actually get 10% off Firecrawl. You can actually get 10% off Firecrawl. You can actually get 10% off and 1,000 free credits if you use code and 1,000 free credits if you use code and 1,000 free credits if you use code Nate and use the link in the Nate and use the link in the Nate and use the link in the description. But I'm going to go to my description. But I'm going to go to my description. But I'm going to go to my dashboard here. And then all I have to dashboard here. And then all I have to dashboard here. And then all I have to do is grab my API key from right here, do is grab my API key from right here, do is grab my API key from right here, paste it into this section. And then paste it into this section. And then paste it into this section. And then what you have to do is make sure you what you have to do is make sure you what you have to do is make sure you save this file. So you could do crl S or save this file. So you could do crl S or save this file. So you could do crl S or you could just go file, save. But now you could just go file, save. But now you could just go file, save. But now that that file has been saved, we that that file has been saved, we that that file has been saved, we actually should be good to go ahead and actually should be good to go ahead and actually should be good to go ahead and run the workflow to see if it works. So run the workflow to see if it works. So run the workflow to see if it works. So before I do that, you can see that we before I do that, you can see that we before I do that, you can see that we have this little thing down here, which have this little thing down here, which have this little thing down here, which is context. So 23% of your context is context. So 23% of your context is context. So 23% of your context remaining until autoco compact. So, remaining until autoco compact. So, remaining until autoco compact. So, usually when this goes over 60%, I usually when this goes over 60%, I usually when this goes over 60%, I usually just like to clear because usually just like to clear because usually just like to clear because there's this thing called context rot, there's this thing called context rot, there's this thing called context rot, which basically means the more and more which basically means the more and more which basically means the more and more you use one conversation, the worse the you use one conversation, the worse the you use one conversation, the worse the model kind of gets. So, we're going to model kind of gets. So, we're going to model kind of gets. So, we're going to clear the conversation. We're going to clear the conversation. We're going to clear the conversation. We're going to go ahead and ask it to run competitor go ahead and ask it to run competitor go ahead and ask it to run competitor analysis and then we're going to go analysis and then we're going to go analysis and then we're going to go ahead and see what happens. Now, the one ahead and see what happens. Now, the one ahead and see what happens. Now, the one thing I did notice is that we still thing I did notice is that we still thing I did notice is that we still haven't given it a ton of information haven't given it a ton of information haven't given it a ton of information about our business. So, I am a little about our business. So, I am a little about our business. So, I am a little confused why it hasn't asked about that, confused why it hasn't asked about that, confused why it hasn't asked about that, but we will see what happens. I'm going but we will see what happens. I'm going but we will see what happens. I'm going to keep it on bypass permissions mode to to keep it on bypass permissions mode to to keep it on bypass permissions mode to just see what it does. And I'm going to just see what it does. And I'm going to just see what it does. And I'm going to ask it to generate a competitive ask it to generate a competitive ask it to generate a competitive analysis. and I'm going to give it a analysis. and I'm going to give it a analysis. and I'm going to give it a really small amount of information about really small amount of information about really small amount of information about our business. Hey Claude, I need you to our business. Hey Claude, I need you to our business. Hey Claude, I need you to help me run a competitor analysis. My help me run a competitor analysis. My help me run a competitor analysis. My business is called Get Leads with AI and business is called Get Leads with AI and business is called Get Leads with AI and we basically help you scrape leads, we basically help you scrape leads, we basically help you scrape leads, build lead lists, and do personalized build lead lists, and do personalized build lead lists, and do personalized outreach at scale using AI. And we're outreach at scale using AI. And we're outreach at scale using AI. And we're starting to see a lot of competitors pop starting to see a lot of competitors pop starting to see a lot of competitors pop up. So, I want to understand our up. So, I want to understand our up. So, I want to understand our opportunities and what we need to be opportunities and what we need to be opportunities and what we need to be doing better. All right. So, what doing better. All right. So, what doing better. All right. So, what happened there is I just shot off a happened there is I just shot off a happened there is I just shot off a prompt and I didn't explicitly say like, prompt and I didn't explicitly say like, prompt and I didn't explicitly say like, "Hey, go use your competitor analysis "Hey, go use your competitor analysis "Hey, go use your competitor analysis workflow." But what it's going to do is workflow." But what it's going to do is workflow." But what it's going to do is it's going to think about what we have. it's going to think about what we have. it's going to think about what we have. So you can see that it just searched So you can see that it just searched So you can see that it just searched through our workflows. It searched through our workflows. It searched through our workflows. It searched through our tools. It said we already through our tools. It said we already through our tools. It said we already have a competitor analysis workflow set have a competitor analysis workflow set have a competitor analysis workflow set up. Let me read how this works and let up. Let me read how this works and let up. Let me read how this works and let me just go do it. So let's just see what me just go do it. So let's just see what me just go do it. So let's just see what it comes up with. I'll let you guys know it comes up with. I'll let you guys know it comes up with. I'll let you guys know if we have any questions. Otherwise, if we have any questions. Otherwise, if we have any questions. Otherwise, I'll check in with you guys when we get I'll check in with you guys when we get I'll check in with you guys when we get that output. Okay. So here we are that output. Okay. So here we are that output. Okay. So here we are getting some questions. So this is the getting some questions. So this is the getting some questions. So this is the part where it realized it didn't part where it realized it didn't part where it realized it didn't actually have enough information about actually have enough information about actually have enough information about us yet. So what's your primary target us yet. So what's your primary target us yet. So what's your primary target for get leads with AI? We're just going for get leads with AI? We're just going for get leads with AI? We're just going to go with um we'll just say marketing to go with um we'll just say marketing to go with um we'll just say marketing agencies. For pricing, I'm going to go agencies. For pricing, I'm going to go agencies. For pricing, I'm going to go with credit based usage. What's your key with credit based usage. What's your key with credit based usage. What's your key differentiator? I'm actually going to go differentiator? I'm actually going to go differentiator? I'm actually going to go ahead and say other and I'm just going ahead and say other and I'm just going ahead and say other and I'm just going to say our key differentiator is an to say our key differentiator is an to say our key differentiator is an all-in-one platform. But make sure all-in-one platform. But make sure all-in-one platform. But make sure you're saving all of this information you're saving all of this information you're saving all of this information that I'm telling you about my business that I'm telling you about my business that I'm telling you about my business somewhere in this project so I don't somewhere in this project so I don't somewhere in this project so I don't have to tell you it again. And so I'm have to tell you it again. And so I'm have to tell you it again. And so I'm pretty sure it would have done that pretty sure it would have done that pretty sure it would have done that either way because that's kind of the either way because that's kind of the either way because that's kind of the whole point here. But just to make sure whole point here. But just to make sure whole point here. But just to make sure that it does it for the sake of the that it does it for the sake of the that it does it for the sake of the example, I wanted to show you guys you example, I wanted to show you guys you example, I wanted to show you guys you have the ability to just tell it to do have the ability to just tell it to do have the ability to just tell it to do things. So got it. I'll save the things. So got it. I'll save the things. So got it. I'll save the information. So that's all you have to information. So that's all you have to information. So that's all you have to do. And now it's going to continue on do. And now it's going to continue on do. And now it's going to continue on with its to-do list. And actually it with its to-do list. And actually it with its to-do list. And actually it does come up with some more questions. does come up with some more questions. does come up with some more questions. So we're a single all-in-one product and So we're a single all-in-one product and So we're a single all-in-one product and our price range, let's just say 200 to our price range, let's just say 200 to our price range, let's just say 200 to 500 a month. Now this is good. I know 500 a month. Now this is good. I know 500 a month. Now this is good. I know what you guys may be thinking is that's what you guys may be thinking is that's what you guys may be thinking is that's a lot of questions. Well, the thing is a lot of questions. Well, the thing is a lot of questions. Well, the thing is as you use it more and more, it gets as you use it more and more, it gets as you use it more and more, it gets smarter and smarter because each time smarter and smarter because each time smarter and smarter because each time you use it, you know, it has more you use it, you know, it has more you use it, you know, it has more information and you you give it information and you you give it information and you you give it feedback. So, yes, the initial setup may feedback. So, yes, the initial setup may feedback. So, yes, the initial setup may seem like a lot, but think about the seem like a lot, but think about the seem like a lot, but think about the questions it's asking and think about questions it's asking and think about questions it's asking and think about how good it's going to get now that it how good it's going to get now that it how good it's going to get now that it has all this info. So, you can see what has all this info. So, you can see what has all this info. So, you can see what it did is it created this file right it did is it created this file right it did is it created this file right here called business profile JSON. And here called business profile JSON. And here called business profile JSON. And this is where it decided to store all of this is where it decided to store all of this is where it decided to store all of the information about our business. And the information about our business. And the information about our business. And now, if we ever tell it something else now, if we ever tell it something else now, if we ever tell it something else and it needs to add like a new memory or and it needs to add like a new memory or and it needs to add like a new memory or fact about us, it will just go ahead and fact about us, it will just go ahead and fact about us, it will just go ahead and update this JSON file. Here's a great update this JSON file. Here's a great update this JSON file. Here's a great example of it fixing itself. So, it example of it fixing itself. So, it example of it fixing itself. So, it basically went ahead and started looking basically went ahead and started looking basically went ahead and started looking up for competitors and it found an up for competitors and it found an up for competitors and it found an error. So, I see there's a uni-ode error. So, I see there's a uni-ode error. So, I see there's a uni-ode encoding issue with the script on encoding issue with the script on encoding issue with the script on Windows. Let me fix that. It reads how Windows. Let me fix that. It reads how Windows. Let me fix that. It reads how to fix it and then it goes ahead and to fix it and then it goes ahead and to fix it and then it goes ahead and fixes it because there were some emoji fixes it because there were some emoji fixes it because there were some emoji characters or something like that. And characters or something like that. And characters or something like that. And then it said, "Let me update it." And then it said, "Let me update it." And then it said, "Let me update it." And what it's doing now is it's actually what it's doing now is it's actually what it's doing now is it's actually changing the script and changing the changing the script and changing the changing the script and changing the tool to make sure that that error tool to make sure that that error tool to make sure that that error doesn't happen again. It's also now doesn't happen again. It's also now doesn't happen again. It's also now created a new file called competitor created a new file called competitor created a new file called competitor list. So, it was able to do research and list. So, it was able to do research and list. So, it was able to do research and find different competitors like Apollo, find different competitors like Apollo, find different competitors like Apollo, Outreach, Clay, Instantly, Lemlist. And Outreach, Clay, Instantly, Lemlist. And Outreach, Clay, Instantly, Lemlist. And now if it ever needs to save more now if it ever needs to save more now if it ever needs to save more information about different competitors, information about different competitors, information about different competitors, it will just put it here. All right, it will just put it here. All right, it will just put it here. All right, looks like it's finishing up right now. looks like it's finishing up right now. looks like it's finishing up right now. So it found some key insights. You're So it found some key insights. You're So it found some key insights. You're positioned as a mid-market blah blah positioned as a mid-market blah blah positioned as a mid-market blah blah blah. Your eight main competitors, what blah. Your eight main competitors, what blah. Your eight main competitors, what you're doing right, critical gaps you you're doing right, critical gaps you you're doing right, critical gaps you need to address, top three need to address, top three need to address, top three recommendations. Let's see what those recommendations. Let's see what those recommendations. Let's see what those are. Add white labeling, introduced $99 are. Add white labeling, introduced $99 are. Add white labeling, introduced $99 to $149 starter tier, and double down on to $149 starter tier, and double down on to $149 starter tier, and double down on build for agency's positioning. So it build for agency's positioning. So it build for agency's positioning. So it created three different files or sorry, created three different files or sorry, created three different files or sorry, four different files. It created the four different files. It created the four different files. It created the business profile, which we looked at. It business profile, which we looked at. It business profile, which we looked at. It created the analysis, competitor data, created the analysis, competitor data, created the analysis, competitor data, and the PDF report. Wow. So it created a and the PDF report. Wow. So it created a and the PDF report. Wow. So it created a new folder called competitors and it new folder called competitors and it new folder called competitors and it made an individual file for every single made an individual file for every single made an individual file for every single one of our competitors. So that's really one of our competitors. So that's really one of our competitors. So that's really cool. We can actually see a lot of data cool. We can actually see a lot of data cool. We can actually see a lot of data about them now. It created a folder about them now. It created a folder about them now. It created a folder called analysis history. So this is called analysis history. So this is called analysis history. So this is where we can see pretty much all of the where we can see pretty much all of the where we can see pretty much all of the data that it ran and got for this data that it ran and got for this data that it ran and got for this specific run. And now of course it has specific run. And now of course it has specific run. And now of course it has the PDF. So let's check out the final the PDF. So let's check out the final the PDF. So let's check out the final output. All right. So here it is. Now I output. All right. So here it is. Now I output. All right. So here it is. Now I can definitely say that these are my can definitely say that these are my can definitely say that these are my colors and the typography. So that's colors and the typography. So that's colors and the typography. So that's good. But I don't see the logo. And I good. But I don't see the logo. And I good. But I don't see the logo. And I really I think it's just because it is a really I think it's just because it is a really I think it's just because it is a white PNG logo. So I bet that it's up white PNG logo. So I bet that it's up white PNG logo. So I bet that it's up here. I just think that we probably here. I just think that we probably here. I just think that we probably can't see it. But anyways, we'll see if can't see it. But anyways, we'll see if can't see it. But anyways, we'll see if we can fix that. For now, we've got we can fix that. For now, we've got we can fix that. For now, we've got executive summary. We've got business executive summary. We've got business executive summary. We've got business profile. We've got competitive landscape profile. We've got competitive landscape profile. We've got competitive landscape with feature analysis. We've got with feature analysis. We've got with feature analysis. We've got competitor profiles, so high threat, competitor profiles, so high threat, competitor profiles, so high threat, medium threats. We've got all these medium threats. We've got all these medium threats. We've got all these different companies with strengths and different companies with strengths and different companies with strengths and our advantages. And then we also have our advantages. And then we also have our advantages. And then we also have our strategic recommendations at the end our strategic recommendations at the end our strategic recommendations at the end that we saw earlier. So, really the that we saw earlier. So, really the that we saw earlier. So, really the problem with this report is that our problem with this report is that our problem with this report is that our logo isn't visible because it's white. logo isn't visible because it's white. logo isn't visible because it's white. You can also see that it said that that You can also see that it said that that You can also see that it said that that run costed $143. So, not too bad. But run costed $143. So, not too bad. But run costed $143. So, not too bad. But what I'm saying now is that's great, but what I'm saying now is that's great, but what I'm saying now is that's great, but we can't see the charts or logos. I'm we can't see the charts or logos. I'm we can't see the charts or logos. I'm assuming because they're the same color assuming because they're the same color assuming because they're the same color as the background. Investigate and fix as the background. Investigate and fix as the background. Investigate and fix these issues. Now, typically I would put these issues. Now, typically I would put these issues. Now, typically I would put this in plan mode and go back and forth this in plan mode and go back and forth this in plan mode and go back and forth a little bit again, but for the sake of a little bit again, but for the sake of a little bit again, but for the sake of the demo, I want to see how good it's the demo, I want to see how good it's the demo, I want to see how good it's able to do when we just let it run with able to do when we just let it run with able to do when we just let it run with a super super vague request, as you can a super super vague request, as you can a super super vague request, as you can see. All right, so here's the thing. It see. All right, so here's the thing. It see. All right, so here's the thing. It said the PDF generator has several said the PDF generator has several said the PDF generator has several problems and listed those out. And now problems and listed those out. And now problems and listed those out. And now it's going to go ahead and fix those it's going to go ahead and fix those it's going to go ahead and fix those issues. So once again, this is just me issues. So once again, this is just me issues. So once again, this is just me telling you guys about you have to run telling you guys about you have to run telling you guys about you have to run the workflow a few times to discover the workflow a few times to discover the workflow a few times to discover those holes. And once you discover those those holes. And once you discover those those holes. And once you discover those holes, it'll fix them. And then you'll holes, it'll fix them. And then you'll holes, it'll fix them. And then you'll get to a place where you have more of a get to a place where you have more of a get to a place where you have more of a battle tested workflow. Okay, so it battle tested workflow. Okay, so it battle tested workflow. Okay, so it regenerated the PDF. And once again, we regenerated the PDF. And once again, we regenerated the PDF. And once again, we talked earlier about the caching. It's talked earlier about the caching. It's talked earlier about the caching. It's saving all the data it had already. So, saving all the data it had already. So, saving all the data it had already. So, it doesn't have to do a new search, it doesn't have to do a new search, it doesn't have to do a new search, which is really good. And in the future, which is really good. And in the future, which is really good. And in the future, it will still do current research, but it will still do current research, but it will still do current research, but it already has the business profile it already has the business profile it already has the business profile about all of our competitors, and it's about all of our competitors, and it's about all of our competitors, and it's already researched them. So, now it just already researched them. So, now it just already researched them. So, now it just has to see if there's anything new. But has to see if there's anything new. But has to see if there's anything new. But anyways, let's open up the new report anyways, let's open up the new report anyways, let's open up the new report and see how it looks. All right, so and see how it looks. All right, so and see how it looks. All right, so here's the new report. Okay, so we've here's the new report. Okay, so we've here's the new report. Okay, so we've got competitive intelligence report, get got competitive intelligence report, get got competitive intelligence report, get leads with AI, today's date, and now we leads with AI, today's date, and now we leads with AI, today's date, and now we do see the logo. So, executive summary, do see the logo. So, executive summary, do see the logo. So, executive summary, we can see this business profile once we can see this business profile once we can see this business profile once again, competitive landscape, competitor again, competitive landscape, competitor again, competitive landscape, competitor profiles. However, there we go. But we profiles. However, there we go. But we profiles. However, there we go. But we can finally see a pricing analysis chart can finally see a pricing analysis chart can finally see a pricing analysis chart which looks pretty solid. Cool. So, at which looks pretty solid. Cool. So, at which looks pretty solid. Cool. So, at this point, it would just be a matter of this point, it would just be a matter of this point, it would just be a matter of making tweaks cuz obviously this isn't making tweaks cuz obviously this isn't making tweaks cuz obviously this isn't perfect. There's some things we might perfect. There's some things we might perfect. There's some things we might want. We might want more details cuz want. We might want more details cuz want. We might want more details cuz like up here, you know, it's pretty it's like up here, you know, it's pretty it's like up here, you know, it's pretty it's not super super wordy and super not super super wordy and super not super super wordy and super detailed. So, maybe you like that, maybe detailed. So, maybe you like that, maybe detailed. So, maybe you like that, maybe you don't. At this point, you've got you don't. At this point, you've got you don't. At this point, you've got enough info and you've got every tool enough info and you've got every tool enough info and you've got every tool you kind of need. And you just go back you kind of need. And you just go back you kind of need. And you just go back and forth and ask for feature and forth and ask for feature and forth and ask for feature enhancements. And once again, you can do enhancements. And once again, you can do enhancements. And once again, you can do that all with completely natural that all with completely natural that all with completely natural language. But you can see I didn't have language. But you can see I didn't have language. But you can see I didn't have to go look at any API documentation. I to go look at any API documentation. I to go look at any API documentation. I didn't have to figure out how to prompt didn't have to figure out how to prompt didn't have to figure out how to prompt something to run a competitive analysis. something to run a competitive analysis. something to run a competitive analysis. I didn't have to go figure out how to I didn't have to go figure out how to I didn't have to go figure out how to generate these PDF reports or charts. It generate these PDF reports or charts. It generate these PDF reports or charts. It handled all of that for me. So, I hope handled all of that for me. So, I hope handled all of that for me. So, I hope you guys were able to follow along and I you guys were able to follow along and I you guys were able to follow along and I hope you're excited to go build your hope you're excited to go build your hope you're excited to go build your first agentic workflow. So, as you can first agentic workflow. So, as you can first agentic workflow. So, as you can see, building your first agentic see, building your first agentic see, building your first agentic workflow is actually so simple. But if workflow is actually so simple. But if workflow is actually so simple. But if you still have doubts about what you you still have doubts about what you you still have doubts about what you need to do or where to start, you can need to do or where to start, you can need to do or where to start, you can always join my community. In here, you always join my community. In here, you always join my community. In here, you can get every single resource that I've can get every single resource that I've can get every single resource that I've ever used in my YouTube videos. All the ever used in my YouTube videos. All the ever used in my YouTube videos. All the templates, the workflows, the prompts, templates, the workflows, the prompts, templates, the workflows, the prompts, the files, all completely free. Also, if the files, all completely free. Also, if the files, all completely free. Also, if you ever have a problem making something you ever have a problem making something you ever have a problem making something work, you've got tutorials in there on work, you've got tutorials in there on work, you've got tutorials in there on different topics, and the support of different topics, and the support of different topics, and the support of over a quarter million people willing to over a quarter million people willing to over a quarter million people willing to help you. The link for this is down in help you. The link for this is down in help you. The link for this is down in the description. the description. the description. All right. So, even if you don't know All right. So, even if you don't know All right. So, even if you don't know how to code or if you've never touched how to code or if you've never touched how to code or if you've never touched an IDE before, you're going to be just an IDE before, you're going to be just an IDE before, you're going to be just fine. IDE stands for integrated fine. IDE stands for integrated fine. IDE stands for integrated development environment, and you don't development environment, and you don't development environment, and you don't even need to know that it's said for even need to know that it's said for even need to know that it's said for that. So, what we're going to do is that. So, what we're going to do is that. So, what we're going to do is we're going to get into cloud code and we're going to get into cloud code and we're going to get into cloud code and I'm going to walk through everything I'm going to walk through everything I'm going to walk through everything that you need to know because it can be that you need to know because it can be that you need to know because it can be a little intimidating, but I'm going to a little intimidating, but I'm going to a little intimidating, but I'm going to show you exactly what you need to look show you exactly what you need to look show you exactly what you need to look at and what you don't need to look at. at and what you don't need to look at. at and what you don't need to look at. And by the end, it's going to be so much And by the end, it's going to be so much And by the end, it's going to be so much easier than you probably thought. So, easier than you probably thought. So, easier than you probably thought. So, the first step is you need to go to the first step is you need to go to the first step is you need to go to Google, search for Visual Studio Code, Google, search for Visual Studio Code, Google, search for Visual Studio Code, and then just download this. It's and then just download this. It's and then just download this. It's completely free to download. And this is completely free to download. And this is completely free to download. And this is where we're going to be using Claude where we're going to be using Claude where we're going to be using Claude Code. Once you open that up, this is Code. Once you open that up, this is Code. Once you open that up, this is what it's going to look like. And the what it's going to look like. And the what it's going to look like. And the first thing that I want you to do is go first thing that I want you to do is go first thing that I want you to do is go over to the lefth hand side and click on over to the lefth hand side and click on over to the lefth hand side and click on extensions. And once you get in here, extensions. And once you get in here, extensions. And once you get in here, just search for Claude Code. And then just search for Claude Code. And then just search for Claude Code. And then when you click on that, it's going to when you click on that, it's going to when you click on that, it's going to allow you to install the Claude Code allow you to install the Claude Code allow you to install the Claude Code extension for VS Code. And that's how we extension for VS Code. And that's how we extension for VS Code. And that's how we actually use it. So if you don't have a actually use it. So if you don't have a actually use it. So if you don't have a Claude plan, you are going to have to go Claude plan, you are going to have to go Claude plan, you are going to have to go get on a paid plan for Claude. You can get on a paid plan for Claude. You can get on a paid plan for Claude. You can start at 17 bucks a month. And this start at 17 bucks a month. And this start at 17 bucks a month. And this actually allows you to get Claude Code. actually allows you to get Claude Code. actually allows you to get Claude Code. As you can see, includes Claude Code As you can see, includes Claude Code As you can see, includes Claude Code with Opus 4.5. So you do have to be on a with Opus 4.5. So you do have to be on a with Opus 4.5. So you do have to be on a plan. And then once you open up the plan. And then once you open up the plan. And then once you open up the extension in here, it will prompt you to extension in here, it will prompt you to extension in here, it will prompt you to log in with that email that you have log in with that email that you have log in with that email that you have that plan for. And then it will that plan for. And then it will that plan for. And then it will basically sync it everything over here basically sync it everything over here basically sync it everything over here and you'll be able to use it. So the and you'll be able to use it. So the and you'll be able to use it. So the next step then is to open up a project. next step then is to open up a project. next step then is to open up a project. So on the lefth hand side, instead of So on the lefth hand side, instead of So on the lefth hand side, instead of clicking on extensions, you're going to clicking on extensions, you're going to clicking on extensions, you're going to click on explorer. And this says you're click on explorer. And this says you're click on explorer. And this says you're not in a project yet, you don't have a not in a project yet, you don't have a not in a project yet, you don't have a folder open, you need to open one up. So folder open, you need to open one up. So folder open, you need to open one up. So I've got a folder right in here called I've got a folder right in here called I've got a folder right in here called Agentic Workflows Demo. And that's the Agentic Workflows Demo. And that's the Agentic Workflows Demo. And that's the one that I'm going to open. If you don't one that I'm going to open. If you don't one that I'm going to open. If you don't already have one made, just go ahead and already have one made, just go ahead and already have one made, just go ahead and create one first and then you can open create one first and then you can open create one first and then you can open that up. And so you'll see if I click that up. And so you'll see if I click that up. And so you'll see if I click into this one, there's nothing in here. into this one, there's nothing in here. into this one, there's nothing in here. It's a completely blank project. So, I'm It's a completely blank project. So, I'm It's a completely blank project. So, I'm going to select that folder. And now we going to select that folder. And now we going to select that folder. And now we have this right here. So, this is our have this right here. So, this is our have this right here. So, this is our file explorer. This is where we can see file explorer. This is where we can see file explorer. This is where we can see Aentic Workflows demo. And then on the Aentic Workflows demo. And then on the Aentic Workflows demo. And then on the right hand side, what I'm going to do is right hand side, what I'm going to do is right hand side, what I'm going to do is click on this button up here, which click on this button up here, which click on this button up here, which looks like the Claude logo, and it says looks like the Claude logo, and it says looks like the Claude logo, and it says cloud code open. So, I open that up. I'm cloud code open. So, I open that up. I'm cloud code open. So, I open that up. I'm going to close out of this main window. going to close out of this main window. going to close out of this main window. And now, what we have is cloud code, And now, what we have is cloud code, And now, what we have is cloud code, which kind of looks like a chat GBT or a which kind of looks like a chat GBT or a which kind of looks like a chat GBT or a regular claude interface where we can regular claude interface where we can regular claude interface where we can talk with our coding assistant. So, this talk with our coding assistant. So, this talk with our coding assistant. So, this is what your screen should look like. is what your screen should look like. is what your screen should look like. Once you get here, let's talk about what Once you get here, let's talk about what Once you get here, let's talk about what comes next. Okay, the environment that comes next. Okay, the environment that comes next. Okay, the environment that we're currently working in, cloud code we're currently working in, cloud code we're currently working in, cloud code within VS Code. On the lefth hand side, within VS Code. On the lefth hand side, within VS Code. On the lefth hand side, we've got our files. So in ours right we've got our files. So in ours right we've got our files. So in ours right now we have one called agentic workflows now we have one called agentic workflows now we have one called agentic workflows demo but there's no other files in demo but there's no other files in demo but there's no other files in there. This is where cloud code will there. This is where cloud code will there. This is where cloud code will actually build workflows for us and actually build workflows for us and actually build workflows for us and build files and things like that and build files and things like that and build files and things like that and we'll see them populate on the lefth we'll see them populate on the lefth we'll see them populate on the lefth hand side. Now on the right hand side hand side. Now on the right hand side hand side. Now on the right hand side this is where we have our chat interface this is where we have our chat interface this is where we have our chat interface with the agent itself. This is where we with the agent itself. This is where we with the agent itself. This is where we do our planning. This is where it asks do our planning. This is where it asks do our planning. This is where it asks us questions and this is where it us questions and this is where it us questions and this is where it actually executes actions and once again actually executes actions and once again actually executes actions and once again we'll be able to see all of that live. we'll be able to see all of that live. we'll be able to see all of that live. So now I wanted to tell you guys about So now I wanted to tell you guys about So now I wanted to tell you guys about the framework that we're actually using the framework that we're actually using the framework that we're actually using today to build our agentic workflows. today to build our agentic workflows. today to build our agentic workflows. It's called WAT which stands for It's called WAT which stands for It's called WAT which stands for workflows agent and tools. So the agent workflows agent and tools. So the agent workflows agent and tools. So the agent itself is cloud code. That's who we talk itself is cloud code. That's who we talk itself is cloud code. That's who we talk with. That's what the AI brain uses to with. That's what the AI brain uses to with. That's what the AI brain uses to build workflows and tools. The workflows build workflows and tools. The workflows build workflows and tools. The workflows are going to come in a format called are going to come in a format called are going to come in a format called markdown, which just looks like this. markdown, which just looks like this. markdown, which just looks like this. It's natural language. It has headers It's natural language. It has headers It's natural language. It has headers and it has bullet points and bold font and it has bullet points and bold font and it has bullet points and bold font just to make it easier to read, but it's just to make it easier to read, but it's just to make it easier to read, but it's literally just a natural language literally just a natural language literally just a natural language document. And then the tools come in document. And then the tools come in document. And then the tools come in Python. So this is the logo. It'll be a Python. So this is the logo. It'll be a Python. So this is the logo. It'll be a py file, which I'll show you guys. And py file, which I'll show you guys. And py file, which I'll show you guys. And this is the ugly stuff. This is where we this is the ugly stuff. This is where we this is the ugly stuff. This is where we actually have code that I don't really actually have code that I don't really actually have code that I don't really want to look at. You guys don't want to want to look at. You guys don't want to want to look at. You guys don't want to look at, but luckily we don't have to. look at, but luckily we don't have to. look at, but luckily we don't have to. So, what's the difference between these So, what's the difference between these So, what's the difference between these workflows and tools? Well, workflows are workflows and tools? Well, workflows are workflows and tools? Well, workflows are processes and tools are actions to take. processes and tools are actions to take. processes and tools are actions to take. So, let's go back to our analogy of So, let's go back to our analogy of So, let's go back to our analogy of like, you know, food and maybe making a like, you know, food and maybe making a like, you know, food and maybe making a cake. So, when you want to make a cake, cake. So, when you want to make a cake, cake. So, when you want to make a cake, you've got a recipe and then you've got you've got a recipe and then you've got you've got a recipe and then you've got a bunch of ingredients and you have to a bunch of ingredients and you have to a bunch of ingredients and you have to figure out what to do with them. So, figure out what to do with them. So, figure out what to do with them. So, basically, the agent is a chef and the basically, the agent is a chef and the basically, the agent is a chef and the chef needs to make a cake. The chef is chef needs to make a cake. The chef is chef needs to make a cake. The chef is going to either read a pre-existing going to either read a pre-existing going to either read a pre-existing workflow, which is a recipe to how to workflow, which is a recipe to how to workflow, which is a recipe to how to make the cake, or the chef is going to make the cake, or the chef is going to make the cake, or the chef is going to build its own recipe. And within the build its own recipe. And within the build its own recipe. And within the recipe, it'll say, you know, like crack recipe, it'll say, you know, like crack recipe, it'll say, you know, like crack two eggs into a bowl, add a cup of two eggs into a bowl, add a cup of two eggs into a bowl, add a cup of flour, whatever. Those are the tools. So flour, whatever. Those are the tools. So flour, whatever. Those are the tools. So eggs are tools, flour is a tool, sugar eggs are tools, flour is a tool, sugar eggs are tools, flour is a tool, sugar is a tool. And so that's how the chef, is a tool. And so that's how the chef, is a tool. And so that's how the chef, the agent uses a combination of recipes, the agent uses a combination of recipes, the agent uses a combination of recipes, workflows, ingredients, tools in order workflows, ingredients, tools in order workflows, ingredients, tools in order to make something, which is either a to make something, which is either a to make something, which is either a cake or an agentic workflow automation. cake or an agentic workflow automation. cake or an agentic workflow automation. So now that you guys understand that So now that you guys understand that So now that you guys understand that framework, we need to make sure that cla framework, we need to make sure that cla framework, we need to make sure that cla code understands that framework. So what code understands that framework. So what code understands that framework. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to drag in I'm going to do is I'm going to drag in I'm going to do is I'm going to drag in a file. And this file will be available a file. And this file will be available a file. And this file will be available for download in my free school for download in my free school for download in my free school community. The link for that is down in community. The link for that is down in community. The link for that is down in the description. And this is our the description. And this is our the description. And this is our claude.md file. So every time that you claude.md file. So every time that you claude.md file. So every time that you set up a new project in cloud code, you set up a new project in cloud code, you set up a new project in cloud code, you have to give it a cloud. and file. They have to give it a cloud. and file. They have to give it a cloud. and file. They won't always be the same, but when won't always be the same, but when won't always be the same, but when you're building agentic workflows and you're building agentic workflows and you're building agentic workflows and you're using a WAT framework, you can you're using a WAT framework, you can you're using a WAT framework, you can just use this and copy and paste it just use this and copy and paste it just use this and copy and paste it every single time. This is basically every single time. This is basically every single time. This is basically telling Cloud Code how to work. This is telling Cloud Code how to work. This is telling Cloud Code how to work. This is its job instructions and description. its job instructions and description. its job instructions and description. So, if you were to go get a job at a So, if you were to go get a job at a So, if you were to go get a job at a grocery store on your first day, they grocery store on your first day, they grocery store on your first day, they wouldn't just let you loose. They would wouldn't just let you loose. They would wouldn't just let you loose. They would say, "Hey, we're going to get you say, "Hey, we're going to get you say, "Hey, we're going to get you onboarded. Here's what you do. Here's onboarded. Here's what you do. Here's onboarded. Here's what you do. Here's what you wear. You know, here is what you wear. You know, here is what you wear. You know, here is specific tasks you do." So, here we're specific tasks you do." So, here we're specific tasks you do." So, here we're telling the agent, you're working inside telling the agent, you're working inside telling the agent, you're working inside the WAT framework, which stands for the WAT framework, which stands for the WAT framework, which stands for workflows, agents, and tools. We have workflows, agents, and tools. We have workflows, agents, and tools. We have three layers. The first one is three layers. The first one is three layers. The first one is workflows, which are the instructions. workflows, which are the instructions. workflows, which are the instructions. The second one is agents, which is you, The second one is agents, which is you, The second one is agents, which is you, the decision-maker. And the third one is the decision-maker. And the third one is the decision-maker. And the third one is tools, which are the executions. So we tools, which are the executions. So we tools, which are the executions. So we talk about why this matters. The AI talk about why this matters. The AI talk about why this matters. The AI tries to handle every step directly, tries to handle every step directly, tries to handle every step directly, accuracy drops fast. So if each step is accuracy drops fast. So if each step is accuracy drops fast. So if each step is 90% accurate, then you're down to 59% 90% accurate, then you're down to 59% 90% accurate, then you're down to 59% success after just five steps. So success after just five steps. So success after just five steps. So basically, we're just explaining why basically, we're just explaining why basically, we're just explaining why we're doing it like this. We then talk we're doing it like this. We then talk we're doing it like this. We then talk about how to operate. So you look for about how to operate. So you look for about how to operate. So you look for existing tools first. You learn and existing tools first. You learn and existing tools first. You learn and adapt when things fail. You keep your adapt when things fail. You keep your adapt when things fail. You keep your workflows current, blah blah blah. We've workflows current, blah blah blah. We've workflows current, blah blah blah. We've got a self-improvement loop. And then got a self-improvement loop. And then got a self-improvement loop. And then we've also got a file structure. So, we've also got a file structure. So, we've also got a file structure. So, like I said, Claude Code when we're like I said, Claude Code when we're like I said, Claude Code when we're working with it is going to create working with it is going to create working with it is going to create files. It's going to create tools. It's files. It's going to create tools. It's files. It's going to create tools. It's going to create maybe temporary docs to going to create maybe temporary docs to going to create maybe temporary docs to look at notepads. And when it does this, look at notepads. And when it does this, look at notepads. And when it does this, it adds them on the lefth hand side. So, it adds them on the lefth hand side. So, it adds them on the lefth hand side. So, if we don't tell Claude how to organize if we don't tell Claude how to organize if we don't tell Claude how to organize its files, it's going to get messy quick its files, it's going to get messy quick its files, it's going to get messy quick to the point where I don't understand to the point where I don't understand to the point where I don't understand where things are, and neither does where things are, and neither does where things are, and neither does Claude code. So, we're just giving it a Claude code. So, we're just giving it a Claude code. So, we're just giving it a nice structure for workflows, tools, nice structure for workflows, tools, nice structure for workflows, tools, temporary files, things like that. And temporary files, things like that. And temporary files, things like that. And so, obviously, you guys can read this so, obviously, you guys can read this so, obviously, you guys can read this whole thing. I don't want to spend time whole thing. I don't want to spend time whole thing. I don't want to spend time reading this line by line. But really reading this line by line. But really reading this line by line. But really the moral of the story here is this the moral of the story here is this the moral of the story here is this helps Cloud Code understand the helps Cloud Code understand the helps Cloud Code understand the framework we want to use, how to build framework we want to use, how to build framework we want to use, how to build workflows, so that when I'm talking to workflows, so that when I'm talking to workflows, so that when I'm talking to it, we're on the same page. All right, it, we're on the same page. All right, it, we're on the same page. All right, so what we want to do now is have Cloud so what we want to do now is have Cloud so what we want to do now is have Cloud Code read that and then set up our Code read that and then set up our Code read that and then set up our actual file structure. But before that, actual file structure. But before that, actual file structure. But before that, I wanted to show you guys one thing at I wanted to show you guys one thing at I wanted to show you guys one thing at the bottom when you're talking to Cloud the bottom when you're talking to Cloud the bottom when you're talking to Cloud Code, which is the mode. So you can be Code, which is the mode. So you can be Code, which is the mode. So you can be on ask before edits, you can be on edit on ask before edits, you can be on edit on ask before edits, you can be on edit automatically, you can be on plan mode, automatically, you can be on plan mode, automatically, you can be on plan mode, and you can be on bypass permissions. So and you can be on bypass permissions. So and you can be on bypass permissions. So all of that just gives Cloud Code a all of that just gives Cloud Code a all of that just gives Cloud Code a different level of autonomy. If you different level of autonomy. If you different level of autonomy. If you don't want it to do anything and you don't want it to do anything and you don't want it to do anything and you just want to make a plan, you start with just want to make a plan, you start with just want to make a plan, you start with plan mode. And this is really important. plan mode. And this is really important. plan mode. And this is really important. and I'll show you guys how this works. and I'll show you guys how this works. and I'll show you guys how this works. If you wanted to ask for edits, you can If you wanted to ask for edits, you can If you wanted to ask for edits, you can have it do that. If you want it to just have it do that. If you want it to just have it do that. If you want it to just edit automatically, you can have it do edit automatically, you can have it do edit automatically, you can have it do that. Or if you want to have it just that. Or if you want to have it just that. Or if you want to have it just bypass permissions and just completely bypass permissions and just completely bypass permissions and just completely go, then you choose that. Now, if you go, then you choose that. Now, if you go, then you choose that. Now, if you don't see this option in yours, you have don't see this option in yours, you have don't see this option in yours, you have to go to your settings, and then you'll to go to your settings, and then you'll to go to your settings, and then you'll type in Claude code, and then you will type in Claude code, and then you will type in Claude code, and then you will enable allow dangerously skip enable allow dangerously skip enable allow dangerously skip permissions. And I only really like to permissions. And I only really like to permissions. And I only really like to do this if I'm sitting next to Claude do this if I'm sitting next to Claude do this if I'm sitting next to Claude watching it work. And if I realize it's watching it work. And if I realize it's watching it work. And if I realize it's going off track, I can just kind of poke going off track, I can just kind of poke going off track, I can just kind of poke it and steer it back in the right it and steer it back in the right it and steer it back in the right direction. So, now that we've covered direction. So, now that we've covered direction. So, now that we've covered that, I'm going to be on bypass that, I'm going to be on bypass that, I'm going to be on bypass permissions mode, and I'm going to say, permissions mode, and I'm going to say, permissions mode, and I'm going to say, "Hey, Claude, I just gave you a claw.md "Hey, Claude, I just gave you a claw.md "Hey, Claude, I just gave you a claw.md file. I want you to go ahead and set up file. I want you to go ahead and set up file. I want you to go ahead and set up this project so that we're ready to go. this project so that we're ready to go. this project so that we're ready to go. We're ready to build a workflows We're ready to build a workflows We're ready to build a workflows together. So, as I shoot that off, you together. So, as I shoot that off, you together. So, as I shoot that off, you can see that this is very similar to can see that this is very similar to can see that this is very similar to chatbt except for in here, we can see chatbt except for in here, we can see chatbt except for in here, we can see everything that it's thinking and doing. everything that it's thinking and doing. everything that it's thinking and doing. So, let's just start from the top. It So, let's just start from the top. It So, let's just start from the top. It says, "Okay, cool. Let me read the says, "Okay, cool. Let me read the says, "Okay, cool. Let me read the cloud.MD file to understand the project cloud.MD file to understand the project cloud.MD file to understand the project setup requirements." And then we can see setup requirements." And then we can see setup requirements." And then we can see it actually did this action. It read it it actually did this action. It read it it actually did this action. It read it read this file that lives here. And now read this file that lives here. And now read this file that lives here. And now it said, "Okay, cool. I understand the it said, "Okay, cool. I understand the it said, "Okay, cool. I understand the WT framework. Let me check what already WT framework. Let me check what already WT framework. Let me check what already exists in the project and then I'll set exists in the project and then I'll set exists in the project and then I'll set up the required structure." As you can up the required structure." As you can up the required structure." As you can see, it then goes to list the current see, it then goes to list the current see, it then goes to list the current project contents. And there's nothing. project contents. And there's nothing. project contents. And there's nothing. The product is empty except for the The product is empty except for the The product is empty except for the claw.md file. Let me set up the right claw.md file. Let me set up the right claw.md file. Let me set up the right structure. And so you can see it creates structure. And so you can see it creates structure. And so you can see it creates a to-do list. It thinks, it searches, it a to-do list. It thinks, it searches, it a to-do list. It thinks, it searches, it updates the to-dos, and it basically updates the to-dos, and it basically updates the to-dos, and it basically goes through this step-by-step process goes through this step-by-step process goes through this step-by-step process that you can have full visibility into that you can have full visibility into that you can have full visibility into and see what it's doing, see how it's and see what it's doing, see how it's and see what it's doing, see how it's thinking until we're done. So now it thinking until we're done. So now it thinking until we're done. So now it looks like the to-dos are pretty much looks like the to-dos are pretty much looks like the to-dos are pretty much all the way done. And it's going to come all the way done. And it's going to come all the way done. And it's going to come back and say, "Nice, we're all set up. back and say, "Nice, we're all set up. back and say, "Nice, we're all set up. What do you want me to do next?" And you What do you want me to do next?" And you What do you want me to do next?" And you can actually see in real time on the can actually see in real time on the can actually see in real time on the lefth hand side, we now have different lefth hand side, we now have different lefth hand side, we now have different files. We've got our temporary folder, files. We've got our temporary folder, files. We've got our temporary folder, we've got our tools folder, we've got we've got our tools folder, we've got we've got our tools folder, we've got our workflows. Obviously, there's our workflows. Obviously, there's our workflows. Obviously, there's nothing in these yet besides just some nothing in these yet besides just some nothing in these yet besides just some read me and some basic stuff, but that's read me and some basic stuff, but that's read me and some basic stuff, but that's why we gave it this folder structure so why we gave it this folder structure so why we gave it this folder structure so that it keeps it organized and it that it keeps it organized and it that it keeps it organized and it doesn't just throw a bunch of things in doesn't just throw a bunch of things in doesn't just throw a bunch of things in a random order. Cool. So, it says ready a random order. Cool. So, it says ready a random order. Cool. So, it says ready to build a workflow. Let me know what to build a workflow. Let me know what to build a workflow. Let me know what you want to accomplish. Awesome. So, you want to accomplish. Awesome. So, you want to accomplish. Awesome. So, we're all set up. Let's actually start we're all set up. Let's actually start we're all set up. Let's actually start talking about the workflow that we want talking about the workflow that we want talking about the workflow that we want to build. So, what I've got is this list to build. So, what I've got is this list to build. So, what I've got is this list of remote jobs. So, I searched for of remote jobs. So, I searched for of remote jobs. So, I searched for social media. There's 622 remote jobs. social media. There's 622 remote jobs. social media. There's 622 remote jobs. And let's say I want to apply to all of And let's say I want to apply to all of And let's say I want to apply to all of these. Well, that would be really tough these. Well, that would be really tough these. Well, that would be really tough to log all of these manually. And to log all of these manually. And to log all of these manually. And there's multiple pages. There's 21 pages there's multiple pages. There's 21 pages there's multiple pages. There's 21 pages of these jobs. So, what we can do is we of these jobs. So, what we can do is we of these jobs. So, what we can do is we can have Claude Code look at this stuff, can have Claude Code look at this stuff, can have Claude Code look at this stuff, get all the jobs we need, and then put get all the jobs we need, and then put get all the jobs we need, and then put it into an Excel sheet for us. And for it into an Excel sheet for us. And for it into an Excel sheet for us. And for this, we're going to be using a tool this, we're going to be using a tool this, we're going to be using a tool called Firecraw. Firecrawl lets us do called Firecraw. Firecrawl lets us do called Firecraw. Firecrawl lets us do tons of different actions, and it lets tons of different actions, and it lets tons of different actions, and it lets us basically take a website like us basically take a website like us basically take a website like McDonald's right here. I can drop in the McDonald's right here. I can drop in the McDonald's right here. I can drop in the URL, and I can ask for a scrape, and URL, and I can ask for a scrape, and URL, and I can ask for a scrape, and it's going to go ahead and grab all of it's going to go ahead and grab all of it's going to go ahead and grab all of the information from that website. So, the information from that website. So, the information from that website. So, in this case, I just requested markdown, in this case, I just requested markdown, in this case, I just requested markdown, and it just pulls back all of the text and it just pulls back all of the text and it just pulls back all of the text from the website. As you can see, it is from the website. As you can see, it is from the website. As you can see, it is a lot more powerful than that. It can a lot more powerful than that. It can a lot more powerful than that. It can turn websites into LLM ready data. turn websites into LLM ready data. turn websites into LLM ready data. Whether that's scraping the data, Whether that's scraping the data, Whether that's scraping the data, getting screenshots, mapping the data, getting screenshots, mapping the data, getting screenshots, mapping the data, crawling the data, searching, crawling the data, searching, crawling the data, searching, extracting. There's a lot of different extracting. There's a lot of different extracting. There's a lot of different things that we can do with firecrawl. things that we can do with firecrawl. things that we can do with firecrawl. Now, the thing is we want to just say, Now, the thing is we want to just say, Now, the thing is we want to just say, "Hey, cloud code, use firecrawl. Just go "Hey, cloud code, use firecrawl. Just go "Hey, cloud code, use firecrawl. Just go after it. Use whatever the different after it. Use whatever the different after it. Use whatever the different tools that firewall offers in order to tools that firewall offers in order to tools that firewall offers in order to accomplish the job that I've got for accomplish the job that I've got for accomplish the job that I've got for you." And so, we do this using a you." And so, we do this using a you." And so, we do this using a framework called MCP, which stands for framework called MCP, which stands for framework called MCP, which stands for model context protocol. Now, I know that model context protocol. Now, I know that model context protocol. Now, I know that this may just sound like some tech this may just sound like some tech this may just sound like some tech jargon or some gibberish. So, let's try jargon or some gibberish. So, let's try jargon or some gibberish. So, let's try to contextualize this a little bit. to contextualize this a little bit. to contextualize this a little bit. Think about Gmail, for example. In Think about Gmail, for example. In Think about Gmail, for example. In Gmail, you've got an action to send an Gmail, you've got an action to send an Gmail, you've got an action to send an email. You've got an action to draft an email. You've got an action to draft an email. You've got an action to draft an email. You've got an action to get a email. You've got an action to get a email. You've got an action to get a bunch of emails. There's so many bunch of emails. There's so many bunch of emails. There's so many different tools within that tool. So, different tools within that tool. So, different tools within that tool. So, MCP basically says, "Okay, cool. The MCP basically says, "Okay, cool. The MCP basically says, "Okay, cool. The agent is going to figure out how to use agent is going to figure out how to use agent is going to figure out how to use all the tools, when to use all of them, all the tools, when to use all of them, all the tools, when to use all of them, what parameters to fill over, all that what parameters to fill over, all that what parameters to fill over, all that kind of stuff so that you, the human, kind of stuff so that you, the human, kind of stuff so that you, the human, don't have to think about that. So, if don't have to think about that. So, if don't have to think about that. So, if we go back to our example of making a we go back to our example of making a we go back to our example of making a cake, let's say we realize, okay, so for cake, let's say we realize, okay, so for cake, let's say we realize, okay, so for this cake, we need eggs, flour, and this cake, we need eggs, flour, and this cake, we need eggs, flour, and frosting." Okay, well, how do we do frosting." Okay, well, how do we do frosting." Okay, well, how do we do that? Well, let's just give our agent that? Well, let's just give our agent that? Well, let's just give our agent access to the supermarket MCP and say, access to the supermarket MCP and say, access to the supermarket MCP and say, "Okay, whenever you need a new "Okay, whenever you need a new "Okay, whenever you need a new ingredient, just go to the supermarket ingredient, just go to the supermarket ingredient, just go to the supermarket MCP, grab what you need. I don't really MCP, grab what you need. I don't really MCP, grab what you need. I don't really care. Just figure it out and then come care. Just figure it out and then come care. Just figure it out and then come back with the right ingredients." Rather back with the right ingredients." Rather back with the right ingredients." Rather than saying, "Okay, cool. So, like eggs, than saying, "Okay, cool. So, like eggs, than saying, "Okay, cool. So, like eggs, let's go to the egg store. Flour, let's let's go to the egg store. Flour, let's let's go to the egg store. Flour, let's go to the flower store. Frosting, let me go to the flower store. Frosting, let me go to the flower store. Frosting, let me go to the candy store." We're just going go to the candy store." We're just going go to the candy store." We're just going to get everything in one spot. And to get everything in one spot. And to get everything in one spot. And that's the power of MCP. So, in that's the power of MCP. So, in that's the power of MCP. So, in Firecalls Docs, you can see that they Firecalls Docs, you can see that they Firecalls Docs, you can see that they have an MCP server, which is amazing. have an MCP server, which is amazing. have an MCP server, which is amazing. And this lets us get stuff like web And this lets us get stuff like web And this lets us get stuff like web scraping, crawling, searching, all this scraping, crawling, searching, all this scraping, crawling, searching, all this kind of stuff that we want in any of the kind of stuff that we want in any of the kind of stuff that we want in any of the tools that we want to use. So right tools that we want to use. So right tools that we want to use. So right here, I can click on running on cloud here, I can click on running on cloud here, I can click on running on cloud code. And this shows us how to add the code. And this shows us how to add the code. And this shows us how to add the firewall MCP server using the Cloud Code firewall MCP server using the Cloud Code firewall MCP server using the Cloud Code CLI. So what I'm going to do is go ahead CLI. So what I'm going to do is go ahead CLI. So what I'm going to do is go ahead and copy this message right here. I'm and copy this message right here. I'm and copy this message right here. I'm going to come into Cloud Code and I'm going to come into Cloud Code and I'm going to come into Cloud Code and I'm going to clear out this conversation going to clear out this conversation going to clear out this conversation history. And I'm going to say, "Hey history. And I'm going to say, "Hey history. And I'm going to say, "Hey Claude, I want you to help me install Claude, I want you to help me install Claude, I want you to help me install the Firecrawl MCP server. You need to the Firecrawl MCP server. You need to the Firecrawl MCP server. You need to install it using this command in the install it using this command in the install it using this command in the Cloud Code CLI." And then I paste in Cloud Code CLI." And then I paste in Cloud Code CLI." And then I paste in that command. And what you'll notice that command. And what you'll notice that command. And what you'll notice here is that it's prompting us for our here is that it's prompting us for our here is that it's prompting us for our API key. And so an API key is basically API key. And so an API key is basically API key. And so an API key is basically like a password. And I don't actually like a password. And I don't actually like a password. And I don't actually want to give it to cloud code. I don't want to give it to cloud code. I don't want to give it to cloud code. I don't want my API key to be stored in the want my API key to be stored in the want my API key to be stored in the conversation history of cloud code. I conversation history of cloud code. I conversation history of cloud code. I want to just put it into the file or want to just put it into the file or want to just put it into the file or into the project locally myself just to into the project locally myself just to into the project locally myself just to do it a bit more secure. So I'm going to do it a bit more secure. So I'm going to do it a bit more secure. So I'm going to say go ahead and get this initialized, say go ahead and get this initialized, say go ahead and get this initialized, but I'm not going to give you my API key but I'm not going to give you my API key but I'm not going to give you my API key directly. I'm going to put it into the directly. I'm going to put it into the directly. I'm going to put it into the EMV file. So help me get that set up as EMV file. So help me get that set up as EMV file. So help me get that set up as well. So I shoot off that message. It's well. So I shoot off that message. It's well. So I shoot off that message. It's going to think about how to actually going to think about how to actually going to think about how to actually help me set all this up. So it's help me set all this up. So it's help me set all this up. So it's checking in on the existing file. It's checking in on the existing file. It's checking in on the existing file. It's checking in on our project configuration checking in on our project configuration checking in on our project configuration and then it's going to help us actually and then it's going to help us actually and then it's going to help us actually do this. Okay, so it said that I've do this. Okay, so it said that I've do this. Okay, so it said that I've added the API key placeholder to yourv added the API key placeholder to yourv added the API key placeholder to yourv file. Now you just need to add it there. file. Now you just need to add it there. file. Now you just need to add it there. So thev file is on this lefth hand side. So thev file is on this lefth hand side. So thev file is on this lefth hand side. I'm going to open that up and you can I'm going to open that up and you can I'm going to open that up and you can see now it says cool firecall mcp server see now it says cool firecall mcp server see now it says cool firecall mcp server put in your API key right here. So I'm put in your API key right here. So I'm put in your API key right here. So I'm going to delete this. I'm going to go going to delete this. I'm going to go going to delete this. I'm going to go into firecrawl and I'm going to go to my into firecrawl and I'm going to go to my into firecrawl and I'm going to go to my dashboard. So if you haven't already dashboard. So if you haven't already dashboard. So if you haven't already sign up for firecrawl, you can get sign up for firecrawl, you can get sign up for firecrawl, you can get started for free and you can get 500 started for free and you can get 500 started for free and you can get 500 credits right away which is more than credits right away which is more than credits right away which is more than enough to play around with. And then you enough to play around with. And then you enough to play around with. And then you can see right here API key. So I'm going can see right here API key. So I'm going can see right here API key. So I'm going to copy this. I'm going to paste it to copy this. I'm going to paste it to copy this. I'm going to paste it right here into the actual MV file. And right here into the actual MV file. And right here into the actual MV file. And then I'm going to go to file and save then I'm going to go to file and save then I'm going to go to file and save this to make sure that it actually gets this to make sure that it actually gets this to make sure that it actually gets saved on our project. And then you can saved on our project. And then you can saved on our project. And then you can see it says then run the MCP add see it says then run the MCP add see it says then run the MCP add command. And it gives me all this command. And it gives me all this command. And it gives me all this reasons and I actually don't understand reasons and I actually don't understand reasons and I actually don't understand what this means. So I'm just going to what this means. So I'm just going to what this means. So I'm just going to ask it to see if it can do it itself. I ask it to see if it can do it itself. I ask it to see if it can do it itself. I don't exactly understand how to do that. don't exactly understand how to do that. don't exactly understand how to do that. I have added my firewall API key to thev I have added my firewall API key to thev I have added my firewall API key to thev file. Would you be able to actually just file. Would you be able to actually just file. Would you be able to actually just run this command to make sure we can run this command to make sure we can run this command to make sure we can install the firewall MCP server? Okay, install the firewall MCP server? Okay, install the firewall MCP server? Okay, so it went ahead and installed the MCP so it went ahead and installed the MCP so it went ahead and installed the MCP server. Now, something I did want to server. Now, something I did want to server. Now, something I did want to bring up is that when it actually runs bring up is that when it actually runs bring up is that when it actually runs that command with this bash operation, that command with this bash operation, that command with this bash operation, it does put in the API key right here, it does put in the API key right here, it does put in the API key right here, which technically will be stored in which technically will be stored in which technically will be stored in conversation history. So, in this case, conversation history. So, in this case, conversation history. So, in this case, we're fine because this is a free key. we're fine because this is a free key. we're fine because this is a free key. It doesn't have much access, and I'm It doesn't have much access, and I'm It doesn't have much access, and I'm probably just going to rotate it right probably just going to rotate it right probably just going to rotate it right after this video. So, what you would after this video. So, what you would after this video. So, what you would want to do in an environment where you want to do in an environment where you want to do in an environment where you have a key that has a lot of risk is you have a key that has a lot of risk is you have a key that has a lot of risk is you would want to have Claude Code just walk would want to have Claude Code just walk would want to have Claude Code just walk you through how you can run it in your you through how you can run it in your you through how you can run it in your own terminal in order to make sure that own terminal in order to make sure that own terminal in order to make sure that Claude never actually touches the key. Claude never actually touches the key. Claude never actually touches the key. But still best practice always store But still best practice always store But still best practice always store them in av way if you ever are pushing them in av way if you ever are pushing them in av way if you ever are pushing something to a public repository something to a public repository something to a public repository anywhere or someone gets access to your anywhere or someone gets access to your anywhere or someone gets access to your files then that's all going to be files then that's all going to be files then that's all going to be encrypted. So now we are pretty much set encrypted. So now we are pretty much set encrypted. So now we are pretty much set up for actually starting to build this up for actually starting to build this up for actually starting to build this agentic workflow. So I'm going to do a agentic workflow. So I'm going to do a agentic workflow. So I'm going to do a /cle start a new conversation and what /cle start a new conversation and what /cle start a new conversation and what we're going to do is like I said earlier we're going to do is like I said earlier we're going to do is like I said earlier we're just going to explain in super we're just going to explain in super we're just going to explain in super clear natural language what we want. So clear natural language what we want. So clear natural language what we want. So I'm going to go ahead and switch this to I'm going to go ahead and switch this to I'm going to go ahead and switch this to plan mode which I would always recommend plan mode which I would always recommend plan mode which I would always recommend doing before you actually start building doing before you actually start building doing before you actually start building an agentic workflow. I'm going to go an agentic workflow. I'm going to go an agentic workflow. I'm going to go back into this tab and I'm going to grab back into this tab and I'm going to grab back into this tab and I'm going to grab the URL from this page where we have 622 the URL from this page where we have 622 the URL from this page where we have 622 job opportunities here for social media. job opportunities here for social media. job opportunities here for social media. Coming back into Cloud Code, I'm just Coming back into Cloud Code, I'm just Coming back into Cloud Code, I'm just going to start talking to it. So, I'm going to start talking to it. So, I'm going to start talking to it. So, I'm going to paste in this URL and I'm going going to paste in this URL and I'm going going to paste in this URL and I'm going to say, "Hey Claude, I just gave you a to say, "Hey Claude, I just gave you a to say, "Hey Claude, I just gave you a URL for a website that has a bunch of URL for a website that has a bunch of URL for a website that has a bunch of job opportunities. There are about 622 job opportunities. There are about 622 job opportunities. There are about 622 job opportunities here, but they're job opportunities here, but they're job opportunities here, but they're spread across different pages." So, spread across different pages." So, spread across different pages." So, there's like 21 total pages. And what I there's like 21 total pages. And what I there's like 21 total pages. And what I want you to do is go ahead and scrape want you to do is go ahead and scrape want you to do is go ahead and scrape all those for me, and I just want you to all those for me, and I just want you to all those for me, and I just want you to put those into an Excel sheet so that I put those into an Excel sheet so that I put those into an Excel sheet so that I can actually look through them, you can actually look through them, you can actually look through them, you know, do things with them. make sure know, do things with them. make sure know, do things with them. make sure you're getting all of the relevant you're getting all of the relevant you're getting all of the relevant fields that I may want. So, that's kind fields that I may want. So, that's kind fields that I may want. So, that's kind of my overall plan. Let me know if you of my overall plan. Let me know if you of my overall plan. Let me know if you can help me make that project can help me make that project can help me make that project requirement more robust and you can feel requirement more robust and you can feel requirement more robust and you can feel free to ask me any questions that you free to ask me any questions that you free to ask me any questions that you may have for me to make sure that we can may have for me to make sure that we can may have for me to make sure that we can build out this workflow in a really high build out this workflow in a really high build out this workflow in a really high quality way. So, just shot that off in quality way. So, just shot that off in quality way. So, just shot that off in plan mode. So, it's going to do a lot of plan mode. So, it's going to do a lot of plan mode. So, it's going to do a lot of thinking. It's going to reason about thinking. It's going to reason about thinking. It's going to reason about like the way that we should actually do like the way that we should actually do like the way that we should actually do this. Hopefully, it understands that it this. Hopefully, it understands that it this. Hopefully, it understands that it can use Firewall's MCP server. As you can use Firewall's MCP server. As you can use Firewall's MCP server. As you can see, it's searching that right here. can see, it's searching that right here. can see, it's searching that right here. And then what it's going to do is it's And then what it's going to do is it's And then what it's going to do is it's going to come back to us with tons of going to come back to us with tons of going to come back to us with tons of questions, I'm sure. And then it's also questions, I'm sure. And then it's also questions, I'm sure. And then it's also going to come back to us with a plan. So going to come back to us with a plan. So going to come back to us with a plan. So once I'm able to approve that plan, it once I'm able to approve that plan, it once I'm able to approve that plan, it will start actually building the will start actually building the will start actually building the workflows and the tools for us. All workflows and the tools for us. All workflows and the tools for us. All right. So here we are with our first right. So here we are with our first right. So here we are with our first round of questions. Do you want me to round of questions. Do you want me to round of questions. Do you want me to also scrape each individual job detail also scrape each individual job detail also scrape each individual job detail for more complete info like company for more complete info like company for more complete info like company name, full description, benefits or just name, full description, benefits or just name, full description, benefits or just the listing? So for the for right now, the listing? So for the for right now, the listing? So for the for right now, we're just going to go with the actual we're just going to go with the actual we're just going to go with the actual listing. For the output location, can we listing. For the output location, can we listing. For the output location, can we So output location, it says where should So output location, it says where should So output location, it says where should I save the Excel file? I'm just going to I save the Excel file? I'm just going to I save the Excel file? I'm just going to go ahead and do a local in the temporary go ahead and do a local in the temporary go ahead and do a local in the temporary folder which we've created right over folder which we've created right over folder which we've created right over here. So I'll choose that. And then for here. So I'll choose that. And then for here. So I'll choose that. And then for filtering, do you want any filters filtering, do you want any filters filtering, do you want any filters applied or should I grab all 622 job applied or should I grab all 622 job applied or should I grab all 622 job posts? Now, what I'm going to say here posts? Now, what I'm going to say here posts? Now, what I'm going to say here is other and I'm going to go ahead and is other and I'm going to go ahead and is other and I'm going to go ahead and grab all the jobs. But I'm doing this as grab all the jobs. But I'm doing this as grab all the jobs. But I'm doing this as a demo for how to build an agentic a demo for how to build an agentic a demo for how to build an agentic workflow. So just go ahead and grab only workflow. So just go ahead and grab only workflow. So just go ahead and grab only 200 for now just to prove that this 200 for now just to prove that this 200 for now just to prove that this concept works. So I've submitted those concept works. So I've submitted those concept works. So I've submitted those answers and now you can see it's going answers and now you can see it's going answers and now you can see it's going to keep on going with its plan. So we to keep on going with its plan. So we to keep on going with its plan. So we just got back this plan. I'm going to go just got back this plan. I'm going to go just got back this plan. I'm going to go ahead and give this a quick review, but ahead and give this a quick review, but ahead and give this a quick review, but also for the sake of the demo, I want to also for the sake of the demo, I want to also for the sake of the demo, I want to see how well it did on the first shot. see how well it did on the first shot. see how well it did on the first shot. So realistically, what I would do is I So realistically, what I would do is I So realistically, what I would do is I would go ahead and read this whole would go ahead and read this whole would go ahead and read this whole thing, and if there were any adjustments thing, and if there were any adjustments thing, and if there were any adjustments to be made, I would go ahead and make to be made, I would go ahead and make to be made, I would go ahead and make those. But what you can see is it gave those. But what you can see is it gave those. But what you can see is it gave us a pretty comprehensive plan of what us a pretty comprehensive plan of what us a pretty comprehensive plan of what it's going to do. It's going to create a it's going to do. It's going to create a it's going to do. It's going to create a tool called scrape daily remote. It's tool called scrape daily remote. It's tool called scrape daily remote. It's going to create a workflow called scrape going to create a workflow called scrape going to create a workflow called scrape job listings, and then it's going to job listings, and then it's going to job listings, and then it's going to actually execute that scrape and get us actually execute that scrape and get us actually execute that scrape and get us all this information. So I'm going to go all this information. So I'm going to go all this information. So I'm going to go ahead and say yes and auto accept. So it ahead and say yes and auto accept. So it ahead and say yes and auto accept. So it just spun up that to-do list. It's going just spun up that to-do list. It's going just spun up that to-do list. It's going to start going, and I'll check in with to start going, and I'll check in with to start going, and I'll check in with you guys when that's done. All right, you guys when that's done. All right, you guys when that's done. All right, that just finished up. We can see that that just finished up. We can see that that just finished up. We can see that we got 209 done. We have different we got 209 done. We have different we got 209 done. We have different metrics here. We have different metrics here. We have different metrics here. We have different locations and also created a tool and a locations and also created a tool and a locations and also created a tool and a workflow. So if I open up this folder, workflow. So if I open up this folder, workflow. So if I open up this folder, we can see we now have a scrape daily we can see we now have a scrape daily we can see we now have a scrape daily remote jobs tool. And in the workflows, remote jobs tool. And in the workflows, remote jobs tool. And in the workflows, we now have a scrape job listings we now have a scrape job listings we now have a scrape job listings workflow. So basically meaning next time workflow. So basically meaning next time workflow. So basically meaning next time we ask it to scrape jobs, it's going to we ask it to scrape jobs, it's going to we ask it to scrape jobs, it's going to be able to do it better and it has more be able to do it better and it has more be able to do it better and it has more direction because it's already done it. direction because it's already done it. direction because it's already done it. And if it has any mistakes, it will And if it has any mistakes, it will And if it has any mistakes, it will update the workflows and the tools so update the workflows and the tools so update the workflows and the tools so that the next time it's even better. But that the next time it's even better. But that the next time it's even better. But let's go ahead and take a look at the let's go ahead and take a look at the let's go ahead and take a look at the output. So it said that it stored it in output. So it said that it stored it in output. So it said that it stored it in the temporary file. So right here, temp, the temporary file. So right here, temp, the temporary file. So right here, temp, and we've got social media jobs Excel. and we've got social media jobs Excel. and we've got social media jobs Excel. All right. So, this is the Excel sheet All right. So, this is the Excel sheet All right. So, this is the Excel sheet that it created for me. I'm going to go that it created for me. I'm going to go that it created for me. I'm going to go ahead and zoom out a little bit so we ahead and zoom out a little bit so we ahead and zoom out a little bit so we can see, but it's got like different can see, but it's got like different can see, but it's got like different filters on here already, which is pretty filters on here already, which is pretty filters on here already, which is pretty cool that it did all this itself. We've cool that it did all this itself. We've cool that it did all this itself. We've got job title, we've got job type, got job title, we've got job type, got job title, we've got job type, position, location, experience, position, location, experience, position, location, experience, category, salary, description, summary, category, salary, description, summary, category, salary, description, summary, tags, we've got the actual URL, and tags, we've got the actual URL, and tags, we've got the actual URL, and that's pretty much it. And like it said, that's pretty much it. And like it said, that's pretty much it. And like it said, it was able to get us, I think it said it was able to get us, I think it said it was able to get us, I think it said 209. So, yep, this is 209 total job 209. So, yep, this is 209 total job 209. So, yep, this is 209 total job postings just like that. So, we're going postings just like that. So, we're going postings just like that. So, we're going to go ahead and try a different use case to go ahead and try a different use case to go ahead and try a different use case now that uses the Firewall MCP. But what now that uses the Firewall MCP. But what now that uses the Firewall MCP. But what I wanted to show you guys is down here I wanted to show you guys is down here I wanted to show you guys is down here we have context. So it says 45% of your we have context. So it says 45% of your we have context. So it says 45% of your context is remaining until it will context is remaining until it will context is remaining until it will autoco compact. And so you guys have autoco compact. And so you guys have autoco compact. And so you guys have might have heard of something called might have heard of something called might have heard of something called context rot. It basically just means the context rot. It basically just means the context rot. It basically just means the more context that you have in a more context that you have in a more context that you have in a conversation history with an AI model, conversation history with an AI model, conversation history with an AI model, the worse it kind of gets. So typically the worse it kind of gets. So typically the worse it kind of gets. So typically whenever my context gets over 60, I'll whenever my context gets over 60, I'll whenever my context gets over 60, I'll probably just compact it or reset and probably just compact it or reset and probably just compact it or reset and then keep going. So what I'm going to do then keep going. So what I'm going to do then keep going. So what I'm going to do is I'm just going to go ahead and click is I'm just going to go ahead and click is I'm just going to go ahead and click this right now and it's going to compact this right now and it's going to compact this right now and it's going to compact our workflow and all of our conversation our workflow and all of our conversation our workflow and all of our conversation history so we can keep going, but it history so we can keep going, but it history so we can keep going, but it still remembers the important things still remembers the important things still remembers the important things that we've done. All right, so that's that we've done. All right, so that's that we've done. All right, so that's been compacted. And so it basically just been compacted. And so it basically just been compacted. And so it basically just summarized everything that we've done. summarized everything that we've done. summarized everything that we've done. So let's try something else now. Let me So let's try something else now. Let me So let's try something else now. Let me look at this same website, but now look at this same website, but now look at this same website, but now there's no search filter. So there's there's no search filter. So there's there's no search filter. So there's 214,000 jobs. I'm just going to take the 214,000 jobs. I'm just going to take the 214,000 jobs. I'm just going to take the URL and I'm going to go into cloud code URL and I'm going to go into cloud code URL and I'm going to go into cloud code and say, "Hey Claude, I've got this URL and say, "Hey Claude, I've got this URL and say, "Hey Claude, I've got this URL that I need help with. I want you to that I need help with. I want you to that I need help with. I want you to basically be able to scrape this. I want basically be able to scrape this. I want basically be able to scrape this. I want jobs that are sales opportunities or jobs that are sales opportunities or jobs that are sales opportunities or sales jobs and I want to look just in sales jobs and I want to look just in sales jobs and I want to look just in Europe. Scrape all of this. I want to Europe. Scrape all of this. I want to Europe. Scrape all of this. I want to get like 500 jobs back and put it in a get like 500 jobs back and put it in a get like 500 jobs back and put it in a nicely formatted Excel sheet for me." nicely formatted Excel sheet for me." nicely formatted Excel sheet for me." Now, this time what I'm going to do is Now, this time what I'm going to do is Now, this time what I'm going to do is we're just going to go ahead and do we're just going to go ahead and do we're just going to go ahead and do bypass permissions. And like I said, bypass permissions. And like I said, bypass permissions. And like I said, normally you want to go on plan mode. normally you want to go on plan mode. normally you want to go on plan mode. You want to ask questions, but I just You want to ask questions, but I just You want to ask questions, but I just want to show you guys what this might want to show you guys what this might want to show you guys what this might look like with a pretty vague prompt and look like with a pretty vague prompt and look like with a pretty vague prompt and just letting clog code go after it. And just letting clog code go after it. And just letting clog code go after it. And hopefully it's able to do a better job hopefully it's able to do a better job hopefully it's able to do a better job now because it understands how it can now because it understands how it can now because it understands how it can scrape job listings and it has this tool scrape job listings and it has this tool scrape job listings and it has this tool and it may even have to create a new and it may even have to create a new and it may even have to create a new tool. So, let's just kind of let it run. tool. So, let's just kind of let it run. tool. So, let's just kind of let it run. I'm going to analyze what it's doing and I'm going to analyze what it's doing and I'm going to analyze what it's doing and then I'll report back once we see what then I'll report back once we see what then I'll report back once we see what it actually ended up doing. And start it actually ended up doing. And start it actually ended up doing. And start off by saying, cool. I have a scraping off by saying, cool. I have a scraping off by saying, cool. I have a scraping tool from before that I can use. So, tool from before that I can use. So, tool from before that I can use. So, here's my plan. I'm going to scrape the here's my plan. I'm going to scrape the here's my plan. I'm going to scrape the sales jobs. I'm going to filter for sales jobs. I'm going to filter for sales jobs. I'm going to filter for Europe and then I'm going to export it Europe and then I'm going to export it Europe and then I'm going to export it all to an Excel sheet. It found 409 all to an Excel sheet. It found 409 all to an Excel sheet. It found 409 total sales jobs and now it has to total sales jobs and now it has to total sales jobs and now it has to filter for Europe. And when it did that, filter for Europe. And when it did that, filter for Europe. And when it did that, it basically found there's a limitation. it basically found there's a limitation. it basically found there's a limitation. There's only 52 sales jobs in Europe, There's only 52 sales jobs in Europe, There's only 52 sales jobs in Europe, but there are 409 total. So, let me but there are 409 total. So, let me but there are 409 total. So, let me check if including worldwide would help check if including worldwide would help check if including worldwide would help get closer to the goal. So, what's going get closer to the goal. So, what's going get closer to the goal. So, what's going on here? It has our natural language on here? It has our natural language on here? It has our natural language request, which was that we wanted 500 request, which was that we wanted 500 request, which was that we wanted 500 sales jobs in Europe. And it realized, sales jobs in Europe. And it realized, sales jobs in Europe. And it realized, okay, this actually isn't going to work. okay, this actually isn't going to work. okay, this actually isn't going to work. Let me brainstorm and see what else I Let me brainstorm and see what else I Let me brainstorm and see what else I can do. And now you can see what it did can do. And now you can see what it did can do. And now you can see what it did is it asked us a question because it is it asked us a question because it is it asked us a question because it wants to help us reach our end goal wants to help us reach our end goal wants to help us reach our end goal better. So it says, "Do you want me to better. So it says, "Do you want me to better. So it says, "Do you want me to expand the search to get more jobs?" We expand the search to get more jobs?" We expand the search to get more jobs?" We could either keep the 55 sales jobs in could either keep the 55 sales jobs in could either keep the 55 sales jobs in Europe, we could broaden it to all job Europe, we could broaden it to all job Europe, we could broaden it to all job types, or we could also do US-based types, or we could also do US-based types, or we could also do US-based sales jobs. So I'm just going to go add sales jobs. So I'm just going to go add sales jobs. So I'm just going to go add US jobs as well. And now it should keep US jobs as well. And now it should keep US jobs as well. And now it should keep going. And hopefully now you can also going. And hopefully now you can also going. And hopefully now you can also see why I wanted to give it a temporary see why I wanted to give it a temporary see why I wanted to give it a temporary folder because in this operation where folder because in this operation where folder because in this operation where it's running into a few issues, it's it's running into a few issues, it's it's running into a few issues, it's creating some other temporary files like creating some other temporary files like creating some other temporary files like all sales jobs, sales jobs raw. It's all sales jobs, sales jobs raw. It's all sales jobs, sales jobs raw. It's also created three different Python also created three different Python also created three different Python tools that are temporary tools just tools that are temporary tools just tools that are temporary tools just because it knows that it needs some help because it knows that it needs some help because it knows that it needs some help filtering things out. But now it was filtering things out. But now it was filtering things out. But now it was able to find 372 sales jobs and it was able to find 372 sales jobs and it was able to find 372 sales jobs and it was saved to sales jobs Europe and US. So it saved to sales jobs Europe and US. So it saved to sales jobs Europe and US. So it says that we've got 372 sales jobs. I'm says that we've got 372 sales jobs. I'm says that we've got 372 sales jobs. I'm going to open up that Excel sheet and we going to open up that Excel sheet and we going to open up that Excel sheet and we can see if we scroll all the way down, can see if we scroll all the way down, can see if we scroll all the way down, we should have gotten 372. Perfect. And we should have gotten 372. Perfect. And we should have gotten 372. Perfect. And this is also similar because we can this is also similar because we can this is also similar because we can filter up here with all of these filter up here with all of these filter up here with all of these pre-made filters that it put in. We've pre-made filters that it put in. We've pre-made filters that it put in. We've got job title. We've got all this got job title. We've got all this got job title. We've got all this information. And it said that it added a information. And it said that it added a information. And it said that it added a region column right here. And this is region column right here. And this is region column right here. And this is where we could get rid of US and mixed where we could get rid of US and mixed where we could get rid of US and mixed and worldwide. And we now should see and worldwide. And we now should see and worldwide. And we now should see that we've only got about different that we've only got about different that we've only got about different actual rows. Yeah, 49. And just as one actual rows. Yeah, 49. And just as one actual rows. Yeah, 49. And just as one final test, let's see what happens if it final test, let's see what happens if it final test, let's see what happens if it gets a crazy type of request that we gets a crazy type of request that we gets a crazy type of request that we haven't really prepared it for. So right haven't really prepared it for. So right haven't really prepared it for. So right now, this is good at scraping jobs from now, this is good at scraping jobs from now, this is good at scraping jobs from a given URL. What if I just said, "Hey a given URL. What if I just said, "Hey a given URL. What if I just said, "Hey Claude, I'm looking to reach out to tons Claude, I'm looking to reach out to tons Claude, I'm looking to reach out to tons of dentists. Can you find me dentists in of dentists. Can you find me dentists in of dentists. Can you find me dentists in the United States? And give me their the United States? And give me their the United States? And give me their contact information so that I can contact information so that I can contact information so that I can basically just build up a lead list of basically just build up a lead list of basically just build up a lead list of dentists that I can contact. I want this dentists that I can contact. I want this dentists that I can contact. I want this to be in an Excel sheet. I'm going to to be in an Excel sheet. I'm going to to be in an Excel sheet. I'm going to shoot that off. Once again, this is in shoot that off. Once again, this is in shoot that off. Once again, this is in bypass permissions mode. So, we're going bypass permissions mode. So, we're going bypass permissions mode. So, we're going to see what it does. We're going to see to see what it does. We're going to see to see what it does. We're going to see if it uses fire crawl. We're going to if it uses fire crawl. We're going to if it uses fire crawl. We're going to see if it thinks about, hey, actually, I see if it thinks about, hey, actually, I see if it thinks about, hey, actually, I can't use firecraw. I need to get access can't use firecraw. I need to get access can't use firecraw. I need to get access to some sort of like, you know, lead to some sort of like, you know, lead to some sort of like, you know, lead generation API or lead list API. We're generation API or lead list API. We're generation API or lead list API. We're going to see what it does here. It said, going to see what it does here. It said, going to see what it does here. It said, I can help you build a dentist lead I can help you build a dentist lead I can help you build a dentist lead list. Let me first check what tools and list. Let me first check what tools and list. Let me first check what tools and workflows exist. Then it says, let me workflows exist. Then it says, let me workflows exist. Then it says, let me check the available APIs. So you have check the available APIs. So you have check the available APIs. So you have fire call available and I can build a fire call available and I can build a fire call available and I can build a similar tool to your existing job similar tool to your existing job similar tool to your existing job scraper but for dentist leads instead. scraper but for dentist leads instead. scraper but for dentist leads instead. All right, so look at this. It used All right, so look at this. It used All right, so look at this. It used firecol to search for dentist directory firecol to search for dentist directory firecol to search for dentist directory and then it started scraping those and then it started scraping those and then it started scraping those sources. Once again, the ADA site uses sources. Once again, the ADA site uses sources. Once again, the ADA site uses JavaScript to load results dynamically. JavaScript to load results dynamically. JavaScript to load results dynamically. So the static scrape doesn't work. Let So the static scrape doesn't work. Let So the static scrape doesn't work. Let me try a different method. So it found me try a different method. So it found me try a different method. So it found out yellow pages works well. There are out yellow pages works well. There are out yellow pages works well. There are 3,000 dentists just in New York City. 3,000 dentists just in New York City. 3,000 dentists just in New York City. And now I'm going to create a scraping And now I'm going to create a scraping And now I'm going to create a scraping tool so I can actually do all of this. tool so I can actually do all of this. tool so I can actually do all of this. Okay, so it looks like this is finishing Okay, so it looks like this is finishing Okay, so it looks like this is finishing up here. And what you guys can see is up here. And what you guys can see is up here. And what you guys can see is that it created a new workflow which is that it created a new workflow which is that it created a new workflow which is scrape dentist leads. And it created a scrape dentist leads. And it created a scrape dentist leads. And it created a new tool which is scrape dentist leads. new tool which is scrape dentist leads. new tool which is scrape dentist leads. All right, we ran into another issue. All right, we ran into another issue. All right, we ran into another issue. Only two dentists were found. The Only two dentists were found. The Only two dentists were found. The parsing might need adjustment. Let me parsing might need adjustment. Let me parsing might need adjustment. Let me check what was captured and then refine check what was captured and then refine check what was captured and then refine the reg x pattern. So look how awesome the reg x pattern. So look how awesome the reg x pattern. So look how awesome this is. It found the issue right here. this is. It found the issue right here. this is. It found the issue right here. And now what it's doing is it's fixing And now what it's doing is it's fixing And now what it's doing is it's fixing the tool. So it's updating the tool so the tool. So it's updating the tool so the tool. So it's updating the tool so that it doesn't actually run into that that it doesn't actually run into that that it doesn't actually run into that issue again. Okay. I mean look at this. issue again. Okay. I mean look at this. issue again. Okay. I mean look at this. It said done. I've scraped 120 unique It said done. I've scraped 120 unique It said done. I've scraped 120 unique dentist leads from four major cities. dentist leads from four major cities. dentist leads from four major cities. Here are the cities we got. It includes Here are the cities we got. It includes Here are the cities we got. It includes all of this data which is awesome. And all of this data which is awesome. And all of this data which is awesome. And then it says for future scrapes, I've then it says for future scrapes, I've then it says for future scrapes, I've also created a reusable tool that you also created a reusable tool that you also created a reusable tool that you can run any time. So, I'm going to open can run any time. So, I'm going to open can run any time. So, I'm going to open up that Excel sheet right here. And we up that Excel sheet right here. And we up that Excel sheet right here. And we can see that we do indeed have all of can see that we do indeed have all of can see that we do indeed have all of these different dentists here. It even these different dentists here. It even these different dentists here. It even formatted the Excel sheet a little bit, formatted the Excel sheet a little bit, formatted the Excel sheet a little bit, but we have phone number, we have but we have phone number, we have but we have phone number, we have address, we have city, state, zip code, address, we have city, state, zip code, address, we have city, state, zip code, websites, specialties, and we get the websites, specialties, and we get the websites, specialties, and we get the actual listing URL as well. So, this is actual listing URL as well. So, this is actual listing URL as well. So, this is incredible if you think about the fact incredible if you think about the fact incredible if you think about the fact that I didn't know what tools to use at that I didn't know what tools to use at that I didn't know what tools to use at all. I could have put this in plan mode all. I could have put this in plan mode all. I could have put this in plan mode and I could have said, "Hey, this is the and I could have said, "Hey, this is the and I could have said, "Hey, this is the workflow I want. Ask me questions, do workflow I want. Ask me questions, do workflow I want. Ask me questions, do research, figure out the best approach, research, figure out the best approach, research, figure out the best approach, and then I could have, you know, went and then I could have, you know, went and then I could have, you know, went back and forth with a little bit and back and forth with a little bit and back and forth with a little bit and this scrape might have even been better. this scrape might have even been better. this scrape might have even been better. But on the very limited amount of But on the very limited amount of But on the very limited amount of information I gave it, it still gave us information I gave it, it still gave us information I gave it, it still gave us a really good output that would have a really good output that would have a really good output that would have taken me so much longer to get manually taken me so much longer to get manually taken me so much longer to get manually or building it in an end because the or building it in an end because the or building it in an end because the truth is a lot of us know what we want. truth is a lot of us know what we want. truth is a lot of us know what we want. We know the end result, but we don't We know the end result, but we don't We know the end result, but we don't exactly know the exact tech stack and exactly know the exact tech stack and exactly know the exact tech stack and all of the different things that we need all of the different things that we need all of the different things that we need to get that end result. So why not let to get that end result. So why not let to get that end result. So why not let an AI agent with a really smart brain an AI agent with a really smart brain an AI agent with a really smart brain like Opus 4.5 figure that out for us, like Opus 4.5 figure that out for us, like Opus 4.5 figure that out for us, look at five different approaches, and look at five different approaches, and look at five different approaches, and then pick the best one. And the cool then pick the best one. And the cool then pick the best one. And the cool part is you're not just limited to one part is you're not just limited to one part is you're not just limited to one agent. You could open up five different agent. You could open up five different agent. You could open up five different agents in here. As you can see, we could agents in here. As you can see, we could agents in here. As you can see, we could just keep stacking agents on agents. And just keep stacking agents on agents. And just keep stacking agents on agents. And then what I could do is I could just then what I could do is I could just then what I could do is I could just tell all of them to try a different tell all of them to try a different tell all of them to try a different method. So I could have four different method. So I could have four different method. So I could have four different workflows running and then I could test workflows running and then I could test workflows running and then I could test all four at the same time and whichever all four at the same time and whichever all four at the same time and whichever one gives me the best result, I would one gives me the best result, I would one gives me the best result, I would just delete all the other agents and just delete all the other agents and just delete all the other agents and then stick with that main workflow. So then stick with that main workflow. So then stick with that main workflow. So before we wrap up here, I actually before we wrap up here, I actually before we wrap up here, I actually wanted to just contextualize one more wanted to just contextualize one more wanted to just contextualize one more time what's going on. So let's take a time what's going on. So let's take a time what's going on. So let's take a look at that first workflow we did. This look at that first workflow we did. This look at that first workflow we did. This one was called scrape job listings. This one was called scrape job listings. This one was called scrape job listings. This one says the objective is to scrape job one says the objective is to scrape job one says the objective is to scrape job listings from daily remote.com based on listings from daily remote.com based on listings from daily remote.com based on a search term. The required inputs are a search term. The required inputs are a search term. The required inputs are search term, max pages, output path. The search term, max pages, output path. The search term, max pages, output path. The tools to use are just this one, the one tools to use are just this one, the one tools to use are just this one, the one that we created called scrape daily that we created called scrape daily that we created called scrape daily remote jobs. And then it goes through remote jobs. And then it goes through remote jobs. And then it goes through the exact steps and the exact outputs, the exact steps and the exact outputs, the exact steps and the exact outputs, edge cases, error handling, all of the edge cases, error handling, all of the edge cases, error handling, all of the stuff that I didn't tell it to do. It's stuff that I didn't tell it to do. It's stuff that I didn't tell it to do. It's because of the framework. And it's because of the framework. And it's because of the framework. And it's because it understands how to fail because it understands how to fail because it understands how to fail safely. So that every single time safely. So that every single time safely. So that every single time whenever we say, hey, I want you to whenever we say, hey, I want you to whenever we say, hey, I want you to scrape leads from daily remote. It just scrape leads from daily remote. It just scrape leads from daily remote. It just invokes this workflow, which inside of invokes this workflow, which inside of invokes this workflow, which inside of it invokes the tool. So it's the exact it invokes the tool. So it's the exact it invokes the tool. So it's the exact same thing that just happened for same thing that just happened for same thing that just happened for scraping dentist leads as you can see. scraping dentist leads as you can see. scraping dentist leads as you can see. So that's how simple it is to build an So that's how simple it is to build an So that's how simple it is to build an agentic workflow. But before you go to agentic workflow. But before you go to agentic workflow. But before you go to actually build one by yourself, you do actually build one by yourself, you do actually build one by yourself, you do need to understand the mistakes that need to understand the mistakes that need to understand the mistakes that most people are making right now. most people are making right now. most people are making right now. Because understanding how to think about Because understanding how to think about Because understanding how to think about these systems is what's actually going these systems is what's actually going these systems is what's actually going to make it valuable to you. So the first to make it valuable to you. So the first to make it valuable to you. So the first mistake is not being clear enough about mistake is not being clear enough about mistake is not being clear enough about the actual goal. You can't just say, "I the actual goal. You can't just say, "I the actual goal. You can't just say, "I need a lead scraper for LinkedIn." need a lead scraper for LinkedIn." need a lead scraper for LinkedIn." That's way too vague. Agent will have no That's way too vague. Agent will have no That's way too vague. Agent will have no idea what kind of leads you want, what idea what kind of leads you want, what idea what kind of leads you want, what industry, what role. It'll just start industry, what role. It'll just start industry, what role. It'll just start pulling random profiles. Obviously, it pulling random profiles. Obviously, it pulling random profiles. Obviously, it can ask you questions, but you do need can ask you questions, but you do need can ask you questions, but you do need to be specific about the problem that to be specific about the problem that to be specific about the problem that you're actually trying to solve. And so you're actually trying to solve. And so you're actually trying to solve. And so what you're going to want to do, as you what you're going to want to do, as you what you're going to want to do, as you saw a little bit in the demo, is put the saw a little bit in the demo, is put the saw a little bit in the demo, is put the agent in plan mode and say something agent in plan mode and say something agent in plan mode and say something like, "Hey, here's a rough idea of what like, "Hey, here's a rough idea of what like, "Hey, here's a rough idea of what I want. help me turn this into an actual I want. help me turn this into an actual I want. help me turn this into an actual solid PRD or project requirement doc. solid PRD or project requirement doc. solid PRD or project requirement doc. The agent then will have to brainstorm The agent then will have to brainstorm The agent then will have to brainstorm and it will reason and it will think and and it will reason and it will think and and it will reason and it will think and it will maybe even do research for you it will maybe even do research for you it will maybe even do research for you and it will ask you all the right and it will ask you all the right and it will ask you all the right questions so it knows exactly what to questions so it knows exactly what to questions so it knows exactly what to build. Just like the way if you wanted build. Just like the way if you wanted build. Just like the way if you wanted to give an actual human software to give an actual human software to give an actual human software developer specs for an app or for a developer specs for an app or for a developer specs for an app or for a workflow or whatever it is, you would workflow or whatever it is, you would workflow or whatever it is, you would have to give them enough information so have to give them enough information so have to give them enough information so that they could actually build that. that they could actually build that. that they could actually build that. You're totally allowed to treat the You're totally allowed to treat the You're totally allowed to treat the agent like the expert. You're just the agent like the expert. You're just the agent like the expert. You're just the manager to make sure that you keep it on manager to make sure that you keep it on manager to make sure that you keep it on the right path. So mistake number two is the right path. So mistake number two is the right path. So mistake number two is not defining what done looks like. not defining what done looks like. not defining what done looks like. Agents need to know when to stop. If you Agents need to know when to stop. If you Agents need to know when to stop. If you don't give them the clear finish line, don't give them the clear finish line, don't give them the clear finish line, then they may over complicate things or then they may over complicate things or then they may over complicate things or break things or keep researching or keep break things or keep researching or keep break things or keep researching or keep looping, keep iterating, and they might looping, keep iterating, and they might looping, keep iterating, and they might just keep wasting time when the answer just keep wasting time when the answer just keep wasting time when the answer was actually simple. I've definitely was actually simple. I've definitely was actually simple. I've definitely seen agents overcomplicate a lot of seen agents overcomplicate a lot of seen agents overcomplicate a lot of things. So, instead of saying, "Search things. So, instead of saying, "Search things. So, instead of saying, "Search for LinkedIn profiles of CEOs at tech for LinkedIn profiles of CEOs at tech for LinkedIn profiles of CEOs at tech companies," which is pretty open-ended. companies," which is pretty open-ended. companies," which is pretty open-ended. Say something like, "I need exactly 75 Say something like, "I need exactly 75 Say something like, "I need exactly 75 LinkedIn profiles of CEOs at tech LinkedIn profiles of CEOs at tech LinkedIn profiles of CEOs at tech companies. Put them in a spreadsheet companies. Put them in a spreadsheet companies. Put them in a spreadsheet with their name, company email, their with their name, company email, their with their name, company email, their link to their profile, and once you have link to their profile, and once you have link to their profile, and once you have 75, you're done." It's a clear input and 75, you're done." It's a clear input and 75, you're done." It's a clear input and a very clear output, and that's how a very clear output, and that's how a very clear output, and that's how you're going to get consistent results. you're going to get consistent results. you're going to get consistent results. So now let's talk about why agentic So now let's talk about why agentic So now let's talk about why agentic workflows are just better. First, no workflows are just better. First, no workflows are just better. First, no more debugging loops. With traditional more debugging loops. With traditional more debugging loops. With traditional workflow automation, you'd build workflow automation, you'd build workflow automation, you'd build something, you'd run it, and then there something, you'd run it, and then there something, you'd run it, and then there would be some edge cases that you didn't would be some edge cases that you didn't would be some edge cases that you didn't think of, and that would break the think of, and that would break the think of, and that would break the system. So then you'd spend the next system. So then you'd spend the next system. So then you'd spend the next hour reading through the logs, looking hour reading through the logs, looking hour reading through the logs, looking at the error messages, looking at the at the error messages, looking at the at the error messages, looking at the execution data, and trying to figure out execution data, and trying to figure out execution data, and trying to figure out what went wrong and why. With agentic what went wrong and why. With agentic what went wrong and why. With agentic workflows, the agent basically handles workflows, the agent basically handles workflows, the agent basically handles all of this for you without even asking. all of this for you without even asking. all of this for you without even asking. You saw it earlier in the build. As the You saw it earlier in the build. As the You saw it earlier in the build. As the agent was working, it would run into agent was working, it would run into agent was working, it would run into some sort of roadblock or it would hit some sort of roadblock or it would hit some sort of roadblock or it would hit an error and it would just say, "Okay, an error and it would just say, "Okay, an error and it would just say, "Okay, this is what happened. Let me think this is what happened. Let me think this is what happened. Let me think about what I could do differently." And about what I could do differently." And about what I could do differently." And then I fix it. And then I update my then I fix it. And then I update my then I fix it. And then I update my workflows and my tools so that it workflows and my tools so that it workflows and my tools so that it doesn't happen again. It's basically doesn't happen again. It's basically doesn't happen again. It's basically self-healing. And that's a massive self-healing. And that's a massive self-healing. And that's a massive timesaver because this means that I can timesaver because this means that I can timesaver because this means that I can have an agent on my right monitor have an agent on my right monitor have an agent on my right monitor building stuff and then on my left building stuff and then on my left building stuff and then on my left monitor I can just be doing different monitor I can just be doing different monitor I can just be doing different work or maybe even watching a YouTube work or maybe even watching a YouTube work or maybe even watching a YouTube video or catching up on my favorite show video or catching up on my favorite show video or catching up on my favorite show and I've got cloud code right here and I've got cloud code right here and I've got cloud code right here building things for me and all I have to building things for me and all I have to building things for me and all I have to do is sit here and make sure I can poke do is sit here and make sure I can poke do is sit here and make sure I can poke it in the right direction if I need to it in the right direction if I need to it in the right direction if I need to every once in a while because at the end every once in a while because at the end every once in a while because at the end of the day it is AI and it is not a of the day it is AI and it is not a of the day it is AI and it is not a deterministic so it might veer off the deterministic so it might veer off the deterministic so it might veer off the path a little bit. Second is natural path a little bit. Second is natural path a little bit. Second is natural language control. With tools like ended language control. With tools like ended language control. With tools like ended in you had to pretty much learn every in you had to pretty much learn every in you had to pretty much learn every node. You had to know what each one did, node. You had to know what each one did, node. You had to know what each one did, when to use each one, and what all of when to use each one, and what all of when to use each one, and what all of the different parameters or settings the different parameters or settings the different parameters or settings meant. If you wanted to connect to an meant. If you wanted to connect to an meant. If you wanted to connect to an API, you had to read the API API, you had to read the API API, you had to read the API documentation. You had to find the right documentation. You had to find the right documentation. You had to find the right endpoint. You had to structure your JSON endpoint. You had to structure your JSON endpoint. You had to structure your JSON correctly. You had to set up the correctly. You had to set up the correctly. You had to set up the authentication. And that could be a lot, authentication. And that could be a lot, authentication. And that could be a lot, especially when you are new to the especially when you are new to the especially when you are new to the space. With the Genic workflows, you space. With the Genic workflows, you space. With the Genic workflows, you just explain what you want, and the just explain what you want, and the just explain what you want, and the system will look at all the tools system will look at all the tools system will look at all the tools available, whether it has an MCP server available, whether it has an MCP server available, whether it has an MCP server or not, or whether it just has to look or not, or whether it just has to look or not, or whether it just has to look through and research the API through and research the API through and research the API documentation on its own. And this is documentation on its own. And this is documentation on its own. And this is absolutely beautiful. Third, it gets absolutely beautiful. Third, it gets absolutely beautiful. Third, it gets smarter over time. So, I know we've smarter over time. So, I know we've smarter over time. So, I know we've talked about this a lot, but it's just talked about this a lot, but it's just talked about this a lot, but it's just so cool. If you wanted to update an so cool. If you wanted to update an so cool. If you wanted to update an automation in the past, you had to go in automation in the past, you had to go in automation in the past, you had to go in and you had to change the nodes and you and you had to change the nodes and you and you had to change the nodes and you had to configure it manually. With had to configure it manually. With had to configure it manually. With Agentic Workflows, every time the agent Agentic Workflows, every time the agent Agentic Workflows, every time the agent runs into an issue, it learns and it runs into an issue, it learns and it runs into an issue, it learns and it updates. Now, there is one important updates. Now, there is one important updates. Now, there is one important caveat that I wanted to talk about, caveat that I wanted to talk about, caveat that I wanted to talk about, which is the difference between which is the difference between which is the difference between automations that you trigger yourself automations that you trigger yourself automations that you trigger yourself versus automations that run on a versus automations that run on a versus automations that run on a schedule. So, if I'm sitting at my desk schedule. So, if I'm sitting at my desk schedule. So, if I'm sitting at my desk using Claude Code and I say, "Hey, you using Claude Code and I say, "Hey, you using Claude Code and I say, "Hey, you know, we just had a call. Go ahead and know, we just had a call. Go ahead and know, we just had a call. Go ahead and write up a proposal for client B." write up a proposal for client B." write up a proposal for client B." That's a human triggered event in this That's a human triggered event in this That's a human triggered event in this case and the agent's right there with case and the agent's right there with case and the agent's right there with me. So, I can watch it, I can talk to me. So, I can watch it, I can talk to me. So, I can watch it, I can talk to it, and that's how it's able to it, and that's how it's able to it, and that's how it's able to self-heal in real time. But if you want self-heal in real time. But if you want self-heal in real time. But if you want something to run on a schedule like something to run on a schedule like something to run on a schedule like every morning at 6 a.m. or maybe an every morning at 6 a.m. or maybe an every morning at 6 a.m. or maybe an event trigger like whenever someone event trigger like whenever someone event trigger like whenever someone submits a form on your website or submits a form on your website or submits a form on your website or something like that, that's actually something like that, that's actually something like that, that's actually going to be you deploying that code, not going to be you deploying that code, not going to be you deploying that code, not the actual agent. So the agent would the actual agent. So the agent would the actual agent. So the agent would deploy its workflows and tools, but not deploy its workflows and tools, but not deploy its workflows and tools, but not itself, not the cloud code model that itself, not the cloud code model that itself, not the cloud code model that lives in VS Code. And the agent is what lives in VS Code. And the agent is what lives in VS Code. And the agent is what actually makes the workflows and tools actually makes the workflows and tools actually makes the workflows and tools self-healing. So you're not deploying self-healing. So you're not deploying self-healing. So you're not deploying that. But anyways, I'm not going to dive that. But anyways, I'm not going to dive that. But anyways, I'm not going to dive deep into that right now. That's a whole deep into that right now. That's a whole deep into that right now. That's a whole other video. You can also check out this other video. You can also check out this other video. You can also check out this video which I will link right above up video which I will link right above up video which I will link right above up here where I go into pretty much that here where I go into pretty much that here where I go into pretty much that whole process of building an automation whole process of building an automation whole process of building an automation in cloud code and then actually in cloud code and then actually in cloud code and then actually deploying it just so you guys can see deploying it just so you guys can see deploying it just so you guys can see what that actually looks like. So look, what that actually looks like. So look, what that actually looks like. So look, I know that this might feel a bit I know that this might feel a bit I know that this might feel a bit overwhelming at first. The space is overwhelming at first. The space is overwhelming at first. The space is moving really fast, but the reality is moving really fast, but the reality is moving really fast, but the reality is that this is just the beginning. We're that this is just the beginning. We're that this is just the beginning. We're definitely headed towards like fully definitely headed towards like fully definitely headed towards like fully autonomous workflows, agents managing autonomous workflows, agents managing autonomous workflows, agents managing other agents and systems that improve other agents and systems that improve other agents and systems that improve themselves while you sleep. And the ones themselves while you sleep. And the ones themselves while you sleep. And the ones who understand how to make them faster who understand how to make them faster who understand how to make them faster will be ahead in this automation market. will be ahead in this automation market. will be ahead in this automation market. So I don't want you to worry if you're So I don't want you to worry if you're So I don't want you to worry if you're still learning how to make automations still learning how to make automations still learning how to make automations or you're still learning end to end. or you're still learning end to end. or you're still learning end to end. Your job isn't over and I think that's a Your job isn't over and I think that's a Your job isn't over and I think that's a really good place to start. But now really good place to start. But now really good place to start. But now we're just moving from builders to we're just moving from builders to we're just moving from builders to architects. The key thing that matters architects. The key thing that matters architects. The key thing that matters is how you adapt to new challenges. And is how you adapt to new challenges. And is how you adapt to new challenges. And if you want to make it easier, you can if you want to make it easier, you can if you want to make it easier, you can check out my free community with over check out my free community with over check out my free community with over 200,000 AI builders like you. And I put 200,000 AI builders like you. And I put 200,000 AI builders like you. And I put everything that we talked about today everything that we talked about today everything that we talked about today into a completely free resource guide into a completely free resource guide into a completely free resource guide you can access in that community. Link you can access in that community. Link you can access in that community. Link for that is in the description. Cloud Code has been allowing me to build Cloud Code has been allowing me to build Cloud Code has been allowing me to build things that used to take me hours in things that used to take me hours in things that used to take me hours in just minutes. So that's exactly what I'm just minutes. So that's exactly what I'm just minutes. So that's exactly what I'm going to be teaching you guys today. going to be teaching you guys today. going to be teaching you guys today. Even if you don't know how to code and Even if you don't know how to code and Even if you don't know how to code and even if you've never touched an IDE even if you've never touched an IDE even if you've never touched an IDE before. IDE stands for integrated before. IDE stands for integrated before. IDE stands for integrated development environment, but if you development environment, but if you development environment, but if you didn't know that, it's still completely didn't know that, it's still completely didn't know that, it's still completely fine. It's crazy how fast the technology fine. It's crazy how fast the technology fine. It's crazy how fast the technology is evolving every single day. What used is evolving every single day. What used is evolving every single day. What used to take people this long with manual to take people this long with manual to take people this long with manual code was significantly reduced when code was significantly reduced when code was significantly reduced when Eniden came out because we could drag Eniden came out because we could drag Eniden came out because we could drag and drop nodes and build workflows that and drop nodes and build workflows that and drop nodes and build workflows that way. And now that has once again been way. And now that has once again been way. And now that has once again been significantly reduced with the release significantly reduced with the release significantly reduced with the release of things like cloud code and of things like cloud code and of things like cloud code and anti-gravity. Now, I'm not out here anti-gravity. Now, I'm not out here anti-gravity. Now, I'm not out here saying that Naden is dead or that cloud saying that Naden is dead or that cloud saying that Naden is dead or that cloud code completely replaces any. They're code completely replaces any. They're code completely replaces any. They're slightly different. But I am going to slightly different. But I am going to slightly different. But I am going to show you how easy it is to build show you how easy it is to build show you how easy it is to build automations with cloud code today. If automations with cloud code today. If automations with cloud code today. If you've never touched Claude Code before you've never touched Claude Code before you've never touched Claude Code before or even watched a video about it, you're or even watched a video about it, you're or even watched a video about it, you're in the right spot because my job is to in the right spot because my job is to in the right spot because my job is to make confusing things as simple as make confusing things as simple as make confusing things as simple as possible. So, in today's agenda, I'm possible. So, in today's agenda, I'm possible. So, in today's agenda, I'm going to be going over the interface, going to be going over the interface, going to be going over the interface, what do you need to know, because what do you need to know, because what do you need to know, because there's a lot of stuff, but I'm just there's a lot of stuff, but I'm just there's a lot of stuff, but I'm just going to tell you what's actually going to tell you what's actually going to tell you what's actually important to understand. We're going to important to understand. We're going to important to understand. We're going to go over the framework that we use to go over the framework that we use to go over the framework that we use to actually build automations. I'm going to actually build automations. I'm going to actually build automations. I'm going to talk about planning and the importance talk about planning and the importance talk about planning and the importance of clear communication. We're going to of clear communication. We're going to of clear communication. We're going to talk a little bit about the superpowers talk a little bit about the superpowers talk a little bit about the superpowers that you can give cloud code like MCP that you can give cloud code like MCP that you can give cloud code like MCP servers and skills. We're going to talk servers and skills. We're going to talk servers and skills. We're going to talk about testing and how you actually about testing and how you actually about testing and how you actually optimize your workflow. and then talk optimize your workflow. and then talk optimize your workflow. and then talk about deployment, which means actually about deployment, which means actually about deployment, which means actually kind of turning it on or pushing it into kind of turning it on or pushing it into kind of turning it on or pushing it into production. And I'm not just going to be production. And I'm not just going to be production. And I'm not just going to be talking throughout all of this. I'm talking throughout all of this. I'm talking throughout all of this. I'm actually going to build a full workflow actually going to build a full workflow actually going to build a full workflow in front of you guys and deploy it by in front of you guys and deploy it by in front of you guys and deploy it by the end. So after this video, you'll the end. So after this video, you'll the end. So after this video, you'll have everything that you need to go have everything that you need to go have everything that you need to go build your first automation in Cloud build your first automation in Cloud build your first automation in Cloud Code. And you're going to see how easy Code. And you're going to see how easy Code. And you're going to see how easy it really is. All right, so we're just it really is. All right, so we're just it really is. All right, so we're just going to jump right into it. This is the going to jump right into it. This is the going to jump right into it. This is the interface. We're going to be using interface. We're going to be using interface. We're going to be using Visual Studio Code, which has been Visual Studio Code, which has been Visual Studio Code, which has been around for a long time. And if you go to around for a long time. And if you go to around for a long time. And if you go to Google and type in VS Code, you can just Google and type in VS Code, you can just Google and type in VS Code, you can just go ahead and go to this link and just go ahead and go to this link and just go ahead and go to this link and just download it. It's free to download. And download it. It's free to download. And download it. It's free to download. And then in here is where we're going to then in here is where we're going to then in here is where we're going to actually be using Claude Code. So this actually be using Claude Code. So this actually be using Claude Code. So this is what it should look like. What we're is what it should look like. What we're is what it should look like. What we're seeing here is just kind of the welcome seeing here is just kind of the welcome seeing here is just kind of the welcome page. You can see we can open new files, page. You can see we can open new files, page. You can see we can open new files, new folders. We can do some of these new folders. We can do some of these new folders. We can do some of these walkthroughs. But what I'm going to do walkthroughs. But what I'm going to do walkthroughs. But what I'm going to do here is I'm going to go over to this here is I'm going to go over to this here is I'm going to go over to this lefth hand side and click on extensions lefth hand side and click on extensions lefth hand side and click on extensions and just type in Claude Code. And then and just type in Claude Code. And then and just type in Claude Code. And then you'll see right here that this you'll see right here that this you'll see right here that this extension pops up which lets us use extension pops up which lets us use extension pops up which lets us use Claude Code inside of VS Code. So what Claude Code inside of VS Code. So what Claude Code inside of VS Code. So what you're going to do here is go ahead and you're going to do here is go ahead and you're going to do here is go ahead and install it. You could also do this in install it. You could also do this in install it. You could also do this in anti-gravity or in cursor or somewhere anti-gravity or in cursor or somewhere anti-gravity or in cursor or somewhere else or you could even use the cloud else or you could even use the cloud else or you could even use the cloud code kind of app by itself and install code kind of app by itself and install code kind of app by itself and install that locally, but wherever you choose to that locally, but wherever you choose to that locally, but wherever you choose to use it, you're going to log in and then use it, you're going to log in and then use it, you're going to log in and then we'll get started. I'm just using VS we'll get started. I'm just using VS we'll get started. I'm just using VS Code in today's tutorial. It'll prompt Code in today's tutorial. It'll prompt Code in today's tutorial. It'll prompt you to sign in with your Anthropic you to sign in with your Anthropic you to sign in with your Anthropic account and then you'll be all set. Now, account and then you'll be all set. Now, account and then you'll be all set. Now, in order to access Cloud Code, you do in order to access Cloud Code, you do in order to access Cloud Code, you do have to be on a paid plan of Claude. As have to be on a paid plan of Claude. As have to be on a paid plan of Claude. As you can see, if you're on the 17 bucks a you can see, if you're on the 17 bucks a you can see, if you're on the 17 bucks a month plan with Pro, you get Claude month plan with Pro, you get Claude month plan with Pro, you get Claude Code. Um, but you will probably find Code. Um, but you will probably find Code. Um, but you will probably find pretty quick that you'll want to upgrade pretty quick that you'll want to upgrade pretty quick that you'll want to upgrade to Max or the the higher version of Max to Max or the the higher version of Max to Max or the the higher version of Max because you'll be doing a lot of because you'll be doing a lot of because you'll be doing a lot of automations in there and you don't want automations in there and you don't want automations in there and you don't want to hit your limit and then have to to hit your limit and then have to to hit your limit and then have to upgrade. But you could always start on upgrade. But you could always start on upgrade. But you could always start on pro and then upgrade later. So once we pro and then upgrade later. So once we pro and then upgrade later. So once we got that extension installed, I'm just got that extension installed, I'm just got that extension installed, I'm just going to go ahead and click on this going to go ahead and click on this going to go ahead and click on this button in the top right which looks like button in the top right which looks like button in the top right which looks like the Enthropic logo and I'm just going to the Enthropic logo and I'm just going to the Enthropic logo and I'm just going to open up Claude Code. I'm going to close open up Claude Code. I'm going to close open up Claude Code. I'm going to close out of this window and now you can see out of this window and now you can see out of this window and now you can see that we have basically a chat GBT like that we have basically a chat GBT like that we have basically a chat GBT like looking interface where we have Claude looking interface where we have Claude looking interface where we have Claude code right here. So on the lefth hand code right here. So on the lefth hand code right here. So on the lefth hand side, instead of looking at the side, instead of looking at the side, instead of looking at the extensions marketplace, we're going to extensions marketplace, we're going to extensions marketplace, we're going to click on this button up at the top that click on this button up at the top that click on this button up at the top that says explorer. And what it tells us says explorer. And what it tells us says explorer. And what it tells us right here is that you have not yet right here is that you have not yet right here is that you have not yet opened a folder. So it prompts you to opened a folder. So it prompts you to opened a folder. So it prompts you to open a folder. So before we go ahead and open a folder. So before we go ahead and open a folder. So before we go ahead and open one up, let's talk about why and open one up, let's talk about why and open one up, let's talk about why and what we're looking at. So this is kind what we're looking at. So this is kind what we're looking at. So this is kind of the environment that we're looking at of the environment that we're looking at of the environment that we're looking at right now. We've got our files on the right now. We've got our files on the right now. We've got our files on the lefth hand side and this is where we're lefth hand side and this is where we're lefth hand side and this is where we're going to actually build our project, our going to actually build our project, our going to actually build our project, our system prompts, our workflows, our system prompts, our workflows, our system prompts, our workflows, our tools. And then on the right hand side, tools. And then on the right hand side, tools. And then on the right hand side, we have the agent. So this is where we we have the agent. So this is where we we have the agent. So this is where we talk to Claude Code. We have it help us talk to Claude Code. We have it help us talk to Claude Code. We have it help us with a plan. It asks us questions and with a plan. It asks us questions and with a plan. It asks us questions and then it actually executes on those then it actually executes on those then it actually executes on those actions. So lefth hand side is files, actions. So lefth hand side is files, actions. So lefth hand side is files, right hand side is the agent. It's going right hand side is the agent. It's going right hand side is the agent. It's going to be super simple and I'm going to show to be super simple and I'm going to show to be super simple and I'm going to show you how we can keep our file structure you how we can keep our file structure you how we can keep our file structure really clean so it doesn't get really clean so it doesn't get really clean so it doesn't get overwhelming and confusing on this lefth overwhelming and confusing on this lefth overwhelming and confusing on this lefth hand side over here. So whenever you're hand side over here. So whenever you're hand side over here. So whenever you're in cloud code, you have to be working in cloud code, you have to be working in cloud code, you have to be working inside a project and that's why it inside a project and that's why it inside a project and that's why it prompts you to open up a folder. So what prompts you to open up a folder. So what prompts you to open up a folder. So what I'm going to do is in my documents, I've I'm going to do is in my documents, I've I'm going to do is in my documents, I've got a folder called agentic workflows got a folder called agentic workflows got a folder called agentic workflows and I've got a bunch of ones that I've and I've got a bunch of ones that I've and I've got a bunch of ones that I've been playing around and testing with. been playing around and testing with. been playing around and testing with. But I'm just going to go ahead and open But I'm just going to go ahead and open But I'm just going to go ahead and open up a new blank folder for today's video. up a new blank folder for today's video. up a new blank folder for today's video. I'm going to go ahead and call this one I'm going to go ahead and call this one I'm going to go ahead and call this one YouTube YouTube YouTube analysis. And then I've created that analysis. And then I've created that analysis. And then I've created that folder. So now when I go back into cloud folder. So now when I go back into cloud folder. So now when I go back into cloud code, I'm just going to open up that code, I'm just going to open up that code, I'm just going to open up that folder. Cool. So I just opened it up and folder. Cool. So I just opened it up and folder. Cool. So I just opened it up and it changed what we were looking at over it changed what we were looking at over it changed what we were looking at over here. On the right hand side, we've got here. On the right hand side, we've got here. On the right hand side, we've got like VS Codes agent. So I'm not going to like VS Codes agent. So I'm not going to like VS Codes agent. So I'm not going to worry about that and just close out of worry about that and just close out of worry about that and just close out of that. And then on the lefth hand side, that. And then on the lefth hand side, that. And then on the lefth hand side, you can see we're now in the YouTube you can see we're now in the YouTube you can see we're now in the YouTube analysis folder, but there's nothing in analysis folder, but there's nothing in analysis folder, but there's nothing in there yet. So once again, I'm just going there yet. So once again, I'm just going there yet. So once again, I'm just going to reopen Cloud Code. close out of this to reopen Cloud Code. close out of this to reopen Cloud Code. close out of this one. You can see you can have multiple one. You can see you can have multiple one. You can see you can have multiple different files open on the right hand different files open on the right hand different files open on the right hand side. So if you wanted to have like five side. So if you wanted to have like five side. So if you wanted to have like five cloud code agents running or you wanted cloud code agents running or you wanted cloud code agents running or you wanted to look at five different files or to look at five different files or to look at five different files or system prompts, you could do so. But system prompts, you could do so. But system prompts, you could do so. But right now we're just going to keep it right now we're just going to keep it right now we're just going to keep it open to one. So the first thing that we open to one. So the first thing that we open to one. So the first thing that we need to do is we need to give cloud code need to do is we need to give cloud code need to do is we need to give cloud code a system prompt for this project. And a system prompt for this project. And a system prompt for this project. And that's the first thing that you should that's the first thing that you should that's the first thing that you should do whenever you open up a new project in do whenever you open up a new project in do whenever you open up a new project in cloud code. And we call this system cloud code. And we call this system cloud code. And we call this system prompt a claude.md file. MD just prompt a claude.md file. MD just prompt a claude.md file. MD just standing for markdown. So I'll show you standing for markdown. So I'll show you standing for markdown. So I'll show you guys that in a sec. But without a system guys that in a sec. But without a system guys that in a sec. But without a system prompt, it's like we have an NN AI agent prompt, it's like we have an NN AI agent prompt, it's like we have an NN AI agent like an expert copywriter and we don't like an expert copywriter and we don't like an expert copywriter and we don't actually give it a system prompt in actually give it a system prompt in actually give it a system prompt in here. So without a system prompt, it here. So without a system prompt, it here. So without a system prompt, it wouldn't actually really be an expert wouldn't actually really be an expert wouldn't actually really be an expert copywriter. It would be super generic. copywriter. It would be super generic. copywriter. It would be super generic. It wouldn't understand the tools it has, It wouldn't understand the tools it has, It wouldn't understand the tools it has, the product that we're trying to sell or the product that we're trying to sell or the product that we're trying to sell or where the documents live and what those where the documents live and what those where the documents live and what those look like. So that leads me into the look like. So that leads me into the look like. So that leads me into the next part of the video, which is talking next part of the video, which is talking next part of the video, which is talking about the framework, which is how we about the framework, which is how we about the framework, which is how we actually build these automations. So actually build these automations. So actually build these automations. So here's a really, really simple here's a really, really simple here's a really, really simple visualization of what we're actually visualization of what we're actually visualization of what we're actually doing here. We've got our agent which is doing here. We've got our agent which is doing here. We've got our agent which is claude code and the agent is going to claude code and the agent is going to claude code and the agent is going to help us build workflows. Workflows help us build workflows. Workflows help us build workflows. Workflows meaning processes, SOPs, instructions of meaning processes, SOPs, instructions of meaning processes, SOPs, instructions of what we actually want to do. And inside what we actually want to do. And inside what we actually want to do. And inside those workflows, we're going to give it those workflows, we're going to give it those workflows, we're going to give it access to tools. And tools means access to tools. And tools means access to tools. And tools means actually executing actions. So send actually executing actions. So send actually executing actions. So send email would be a tool. Research a email would be a tool. Research a email would be a tool. Research a YouTube channel would be a tool. So it's YouTube channel would be a tool. So it's YouTube channel would be a tool. So it's really similar to the way that we have really similar to the way that we have really similar to the way that we have workflows and tools in Nitn. Here you workflows and tools in Nitn. Here you workflows and tools in Nitn. Here you can see is an edit in workflow for a can see is an edit in workflow for a can see is an edit in workflow for a daily news summary. And inside the daily news summary. And inside the daily news summary. And inside the workflow, which is a specific set of workflow, which is a specific set of workflow, which is a specific set of instructions in a specific order. So, instructions in a specific order. So, instructions in a specific order. So, it's a deterministic process. We have it's a deterministic process. We have it's a deterministic process. We have different tools. We've got a tool here different tools. We've got a tool here different tools. We've got a tool here for Tavali to do research. We've got a for Tavali to do research. We've got a for Tavali to do research. We've got a tool here for an AI agent to do the tool here for an AI agent to do the tool here for an AI agent to do the newsletter writing. And we've got a tool newsletter writing. And we've got a tool newsletter writing. And we've got a tool at the end to send a Gmail message. So, at the end to send a Gmail message. So, at the end to send a Gmail message. So, hopefully that all makes sense. It's hopefully that all makes sense. It's hopefully that all makes sense. It's going to be really simple. We're going going to be really simple. We're going going to be really simple. We're going to have a folder for workflows. And in to have a folder for workflows. And in to have a folder for workflows. And in there will be all of our processes. there will be all of our processes. there will be all of our processes. We're going to have a folder for tools We're going to have a folder for tools We're going to have a folder for tools and in there will be all of the actual and in there will be all of the actual and in there will be all of the actual things that it can execute. And then the things that it can execute. And then the things that it can execute. And then the agent basically helps us set up those agent basically helps us set up those agent basically helps us set up those tool files and workflow files and then tool files and workflow files and then tool files and workflow files and then execute those actions. So, I'm going to execute those actions. So, I'm going to execute those actions. So, I'm going to do is drag in this claude file. And you do is drag in this claude file. And you do is drag in this claude file. And you can see it's a claude.md. This could be can see it's a claude.md. This could be can see it's a claude.md. This could be called agents.mmd, gemini.mmd, whatever called agents.mmd, gemini.mmd, whatever called agents.mmd, gemini.mmd, whatever you want. In this case, we're using you want. In this case, we're using you want. In this case, we're using claude code, so I'm calling it claude code, so I'm calling it claude code, so I'm calling it claude.md. But let me go ahead and claude.md. But let me go ahead and claude.md. But let me go ahead and expand this one and let's briefly read expand this one and let's briefly read expand this one and let's briefly read through it so you understand exactly through it so you understand exactly through it so you understand exactly what I just talked about with the what I just talked about with the what I just talked about with the workflows, agents, and tools. So this is workflows, agents, and tools. So this is workflows, agents, and tools. So this is the agent instructions for this specific the agent instructions for this specific the agent instructions for this specific project. You're working inside of the project. You're working inside of the project. You're working inside of the WAT framework, which stands for WAT framework, which stands for WAT framework, which stands for workflows, agents, tools. This is a workflows, agents, tools. This is a workflows, agents, tools. This is a three-layer framework and it basically three-layer framework and it basically three-layer framework and it basically separates concerns so that the separates concerns so that the separates concerns so that the probabistic AI handles reasoning while probabistic AI handles reasoning while probabistic AI handles reasoning while deterministic code actually handles the deterministic code actually handles the deterministic code actually handles the execution and that is what makes these execution and that is what makes these execution and that is what makes these systems actually reliable. So like I systems actually reliable. So like I systems actually reliable. So like I said layer 1 is the workflows the said layer 1 is the workflows the said layer 1 is the workflows the instructions. So these are markdown SOPs instructions. So these are markdown SOPs instructions. So these are markdown SOPs stored in the workflows folder which stored in the workflows folder which stored in the workflows folder which will be created in a sec. Each workflow will be created in a sec. Each workflow will be created in a sec. Each workflow defines the objective, the required defines the objective, the required defines the objective, the required inputs, which tools to use, expected inputs, which tools to use, expected inputs, which tools to use, expected outputs and how to handle edge cases. outputs and how to handle edge cases. outputs and how to handle edge cases. It's written in completely plain It's written in completely plain It's written in completely plain language the same way that you'd brief language the same way that you'd brief language the same way that you'd brief someone on your team. And by the way, someone on your team. And by the way, someone on your team. And by the way, when I say markdown, it basically just when I say markdown, it basically just when I say markdown, it basically just means this structure. This is a markdown means this structure. This is a markdown means this structure. This is a markdown file right here where we have like file right here where we have like file right here where we have like headers and subheaders and bold font and headers and subheaders and bold font and headers and subheaders and bold font and things like that. Layer two is the things like that. Layer two is the things like that. Layer two is the agent. So this is the actual cloud code agent. So this is the actual cloud code agent. So this is the actual cloud code agent that we talk to. This is your agent that we talk to. This is your agent that we talk to. This is your role. You're responsible for the role. You're responsible for the role. You're responsible for the coordination between workflows and coordination between workflows and coordination between workflows and tools. You read the relevant workflow. tools. You read the relevant workflow. tools. You read the relevant workflow. You run tools in the correct sequence You run tools in the correct sequence You run tools in the correct sequence and you handle failures. You ask and you handle failures. You ask and you handle failures. You ask clarification questions when needed. clarification questions when needed. clarification questions when needed. Layer three, we have the tools, and Layer three, we have the tools, and Layer three, we have the tools, and these are actually going to be Python these are actually going to be Python these are actually going to be Python files. So right here, you can see claude files. So right here, you can see claude files. So right here, you can see claude is a markdown file. So it's cloud.md. We is a markdown file. So it's cloud.md. We is a markdown file. So it's cloud.md. We said that our workflows were going to be said that our workflows were going to be said that our workflows were going to be markdown files. So it will be like um markdown files. So it will be like um markdown files. So it will be like um scrape website.mmd. scrape website.mmd. scrape website.mmd. But then in the tools which we will have But then in the tools which we will have But then in the tools which we will have another folder for over here. We're another folder for over here. We're another folder for over here. We're going to have tools that are going to be going to have tools that are going to be going to have tools that are going to be py. So a python file. So in this case we py. So a python file. So in this case we py. So a python file. So in this case we can see there's an example tool called can see there's an example tool called can see there's an example tool called scrape single site. py which would be a scrape single site. py which would be a scrape single site. py which would be a python script that would execute an python script that would execute an python script that would execute an action. These can be API calls, data action. These can be API calls, data action. These can be API calls, data transformations, file operations, transformations, file operations, transformations, file operations, database queries. And a lot of times in database queries. And a lot of times in database queries. And a lot of times in these tools, we'll need an API key, but these tools, we'll need an API key, but these tools, we'll need an API key, but we're not going to actually store them we're not going to actually store them we're not going to actually store them in the tool code logic itself because if in the tool code logic itself because if in the tool code logic itself because if that got exported or we pushed that onto that got exported or we pushed that onto that got exported or we pushed that onto the web, then our API keys would be the web, then our API keys would be the web, then our API keys would be exposed. So, we're going to handle exposed. So, we're going to handle exposed. So, we're going to handle secrets by storing them inv files. You secrets by storing them inv files. You secrets by storing them inv files. You don't have to understand exactly what don't have to understand exactly what don't have to understand exactly what that means or how that works right now. that means or how that works right now. that means or how that works right now. We'll show you. So, then we talk a We'll show you. So, then we talk a We'll show you. So, then we talk a little bit about like why this matters, little bit about like why this matters, little bit about like why this matters, how to operate. So, you look for tools how to operate. So, you look for tools how to operate. So, you look for tools first. You learn and adapt when things first. You learn and adapt when things first. You learn and adapt when things fail because these agentic workflows are fail because these agentic workflows are fail because these agentic workflows are basically self-healing. So, as we're basically self-healing. So, as we're basically self-healing. So, as we're going through and building this going through and building this going through and building this workflow, you will see that it says, workflow, you will see that it says, workflow, you will see that it says, "Okay, I ran into an error here. Let me "Okay, I ran into an error here. Let me "Okay, I ran into an error here. Let me figure out what happened and let me fix figure out what happened and let me fix figure out what happened and let me fix it." So, fix the script and retest it." So, fix the script and retest it." So, fix the script and retest document what you learned. So, if it ran document what you learned. So, if it ran document what you learned. So, if it ran into an error and it fixed it, it will into an error and it fixed it, it will into an error and it fixed it, it will go ahead and change the workflow file so go ahead and change the workflow file so go ahead and change the workflow file so it doesn't run into that error again. it doesn't run into that error again. it doesn't run into that error again. So, an example could be you get rate So, an example could be you get rate So, an example could be you get rate limited on an API, you dig into the doc, limited on an API, you dig into the doc, limited on an API, you dig into the doc, so you do research, you discover a batch so you do research, you discover a batch so you do research, you discover a batch endpoint, you refactor the tool to use endpoint, you refactor the tool to use endpoint, you refactor the tool to use it, you verify that that works, and then it, you verify that that works, and then it, you verify that that works, and then you update the workflow so it never you update the workflow so it never you update the workflow so it never happens again. This is once again where happens again. This is once again where happens again. This is once again where we talk about that self-improvement we talk about that self-improvement we talk about that self-improvement loop. We talk about the file structure loop. We talk about the file structure loop. We talk about the file structure and you can see that it's going to and you can see that it's going to and you can see that it's going to create this for us. And basically the create this for us. And basically the create this for us. And basically the bottom line is that you sit between what bottom line is that you sit between what bottom line is that you sit between what I want, which are workflows, and what I want, which are workflows, and what I want, which are workflows, and what actually gets done, which are the tools. actually gets done, which are the tools. actually gets done, which are the tools. Your job is to read instructions, make Your job is to read instructions, make Your job is to read instructions, make smart decisions, call the right tools, smart decisions, call the right tools, smart decisions, call the right tools, and keep improving the system as you go. and keep improving the system as you go. and keep improving the system as you go. So, I know we skimmed through this kind So, I know we skimmed through this kind So, I know we skimmed through this kind of fast, but you guys will get access to of fast, but you guys will get access to of fast, but you guys will get access to this exact same system prompt. I'll this exact same system prompt. I'll this exact same system prompt. I'll leave it in my free school community. leave it in my free school community. leave it in my free school community. The link for that will be down in the The link for that will be down in the The link for that will be down in the description. That way, you can just go description. That way, you can just go description. That way, you can just go ahead and grab this, paste it in, and ahead and grab this, paste it in, and ahead and grab this, paste it in, and then when you want to follow along and then when you want to follow along and then when you want to follow along and build some workflows in Cloud Code, build some workflows in Cloud Code, build some workflows in Cloud Code, you've got this right here for you. So you've got this right here for you. So you've got this right here for you. So now what we need to do is just set up now what we need to do is just set up now what we need to do is just set up our environment with the different our environment with the different our environment with the different folders. So I'm going to talk to cloud folders. So I'm going to talk to cloud folders. So I'm going to talk to cloud code and just say initialize this code and just say initialize this code and just say initialize this project based on the claw.md file. So project based on the claw.md file. So project based on the claw.md file. So I'll go ahead and shoot that off. And I'll go ahead and shoot that off. And I'll go ahead and shoot that off. And when we talk to claude, what it does is when we talk to claude, what it does is when we talk to claude, what it does is it basically just tells us exactly what it basically just tells us exactly what it basically just tells us exactly what it's doing and what it's thinking. What it's doing and what it's thinking. What it's doing and what it's thinking. What you'll notice right here is that I'm on you'll notice right here is that I'm on you'll notice right here is that I'm on a mode called bypass permissions. And a mode called bypass permissions. And a mode called bypass permissions. And you might not see this initially. You'll you might not see this initially. You'll you might not see this initially. You'll see ask before edits, edit see ask before edits, edit see ask before edits, edit automatically, and plan mode. But it is automatically, and plan mode. But it is automatically, and plan mode. But it is really helpful to be able to turn on really helpful to be able to turn on really helpful to be able to turn on bypass permissions. So the way that you bypass permissions. So the way that you bypass permissions. So the way that you do that is you go to the bottom left to do that is you go to the bottom left to do that is you go to the bottom left to settings. You're going to go to settings settings. You're going to go to settings settings. You're going to go to settings once again. You'll type in cloud code once again. You'll type in cloud code once again. You'll type in cloud code and then you're just going to turn on and then you're just going to turn on and then you're just going to turn on this option that says allow bypass this option that says allow bypass this option that says allow bypass permissions mode. And that's what allows permissions mode. And that's what allows permissions mode. And that's what allows you to do that so that you can let your you to do that so that you can let your you to do that so that you can let your agent run and you don't have to approve agent run and you don't have to approve agent run and you don't have to approve every step. Now, as this is running, every step. Now, as this is running, every step. Now, as this is running, what you'll notice is on the lefth hand what you'll notice is on the lefth hand what you'll notice is on the lefth hand side, we're seeing some files and side, we're seeing some files and side, we're seeing some files and folders pop up. So, we've got a folders pop up. So, we've got a folders pop up. So, we've got a temporary folder, which just means temporary folder, which just means temporary folder, which just means anything that it needs to store and then anything that it needs to store and then anything that it needs to store and then like delete later just temporarily, it like delete later just temporarily, it like delete later just temporarily, it can do so in there just to keep can do so in there just to keep can do so in there just to keep everything clean. We've got our tools everything clean. We've got our tools everything clean. We've got our tools folder, we've got our workflows folder, folder, we've got our workflows folder, folder, we've got our workflows folder, and then we have av and getit ignore. So and then we have av and getit ignore. So and then we have av and getit ignore. So this is going to help us just basically this is going to help us just basically this is going to help us just basically keep our project clean, but also the keep our project clean, but also the keep our project clean, but also the agent knows exactly where everything is. agent knows exactly where everything is. agent knows exactly where everything is. Cool. So the project is now initialized Cool. So the project is now initialized Cool. So the project is now initialized using our WAT framework and it showed us using our WAT framework and it showed us using our WAT framework and it showed us what it created. So now let's move on to what it created. So now let's move on to what it created. So now let's move on to section three of the video where we're section three of the video where we're section three of the video where we're going to be talking about planning and going to be talking about planning and going to be talking about planning and communicating with our agent. So what communicating with our agent. So what communicating with our agent. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to clear I'm going to do is I'm going to clear I'm going to do is I'm going to clear out this conversation. If I wanted to out this conversation. If I wanted to out this conversation. If I wanted to access past conversations, I could do so access past conversations, I could do so access past conversations, I could do so up here. I'm going to go to plan mode. up here. I'm going to go to plan mode. up here. I'm going to go to plan mode. And this is really important. Whenever And this is really important. Whenever And this is really important. Whenever you're doing something that actually you're doing something that actually you're doing something that actually involves like creating something, you involves like creating something, you involves like creating something, you need to describe the goal and you need need to describe the goal and you need need to describe the goal and you need to be able to describe it super super to be able to describe it super super to be able to describe it super super clearly. And it's not just the goal, you clearly. And it's not just the goal, you clearly. And it's not just the goal, you need to also describe the features that need to also describe the features that need to also describe the features that you want. And if you were to just you want. And if you were to just you want. And if you were to just describe something and then chuck clawed describe something and then chuck clawed describe something and then chuck clawed code at it and you would do bypass code at it and you would do bypass code at it and you would do bypass permissions, you probably wouldn't get a permissions, you probably wouldn't get a permissions, you probably wouldn't get a great output. So what you always want to great output. So what you always want to great output. So what you always want to do when you're creating an idea is you do when you're creating an idea is you do when you're creating an idea is you want to go on plan mode. Because what want to go on plan mode. Because what want to go on plan mode. Because what you're going to see is when I'm on plan you're going to see is when I'm on plan you're going to see is when I'm on plan mode, it thinks extra hard and it looks mode, it thinks extra hard and it looks mode, it thinks extra hard and it looks at everything in the folder and it's at everything in the folder and it's at everything in the folder and it's going to ask me tons of questions that I going to ask me tons of questions that I going to ask me tons of questions that I might not have thought of, which is might not have thought of, which is might not have thought of, which is really, really helpful because it gets a really, really helpful because it gets a really, really helpful because it gets a really, really good understanding of really, really good understanding of really, really good understanding of what we want and it brainstorms options what we want and it brainstorms options what we want and it brainstorms options and then it actually will do it after and then it actually will do it after and then it actually will do it after it's confident. So, let's explain the it's confident. So, let's explain the it's confident. So, let's explain the workflow that we want to build today. workflow that we want to build today. workflow that we want to build today. Hey Claude, I need your help building an Hey Claude, I need your help building an Hey Claude, I need your help building an automation. I want this automation to automation. I want this automation to automation. I want this automation to basically scrape tons of YouTube videos basically scrape tons of YouTube videos basically scrape tons of YouTube videos and YouTube channels in my niche, which and YouTube channels in my niche, which and YouTube channels in my niche, which is AI and AI automation. I want to get is AI and AI automation. I want to get is AI and AI automation. I want to get insights about what videos are trending, insights about what videos are trending, insights about what videos are trending, what's working well, and kind of what what's working well, and kind of what what's working well, and kind of what the AI space is feeling like so that I the AI space is feeling like so that I the AI space is feeling like so that I can create more content that people want can create more content that people want can create more content that people want to see and that will be beneficial for to see and that will be beneficial for to see and that will be beneficial for them. I need your help understanding how them. I need your help understanding how them. I need your help understanding how we can actually get this data. So, look we can actually get this data. So, look we can actually get this data. So, look into different APIs or MCP servers. into different APIs or MCP servers. into different APIs or MCP servers. Also, let me know if there's any skills Also, let me know if there's any skills Also, let me know if there's any skills that would be helpful because after that would be helpful because after that would be helpful because after you've done this research, what I want you've done this research, what I want you've done this research, what I want you to do is I want you to create a you to do is I want you to create a you to do is I want you to create a slide deck for me. So, I want to get an slide deck for me. So, I want to get an slide deck for me. So, I want to get an actual deliverable that will be sent to actual deliverable that will be sent to actual deliverable that will be sent to my email using Gmail and it should be a my email using Gmail and it should be a my email using Gmail and it should be a really nice professionallook slide deck really nice professionallook slide deck really nice professionallook slide deck with charts and images and all of these with charts and images and all of these with charts and images and all of these different graphics so that I can different graphics so that I can different graphics so that I can understand what's going on in the understand what's going on in the understand what's going on in the industry. So, that's what I've got. Let industry. So, that's what I've got. Let industry. So, that's what I've got. Let me know if you have any questions or if me know if you have any questions or if me know if you have any questions or if you have any recommendations for things you have any recommendations for things you have any recommendations for things that I haven't thought of about this that I haven't thought of about this that I haven't thought of about this automation system. Cool. So that was my automation system. Cool. So that was my automation system. Cool. So that was my little brain dump and it's going to come little brain dump and it's going to come little brain dump and it's going to come back and ask me a ton of questions which back and ask me a ton of questions which back and ask me a ton of questions which is just going to help make this project is just going to help make this project is just going to help make this project a lot lot better. And so I know a lot of a lot lot better. And so I know a lot of a lot lot better. And so I know a lot of you guys might be looking at this and it you guys might be looking at this and it you guys might be looking at this and it seems overwhelming and confusing and I seems overwhelming and confusing and I seems overwhelming and confusing and I agree like when I first wanted to dive agree like when I first wanted to dive agree like when I first wanted to dive into cloud code I watched some YouTube into cloud code I watched some YouTube into cloud code I watched some YouTube videos and I just it didn't click. The videos and I just it didn't click. The videos and I just it didn't click. The only way it's truly going to click is if only way it's truly going to click is if only way it's truly going to click is if you get in here and you do it yourself you get in here and you do it yourself you get in here and you do it yourself because once you send off these messages because once you send off these messages because once you send off these messages just read everything it's doing. Read just read everything it's doing. Read just read everything it's doing. Read every single line and you'll start to every single line and you'll start to every single line and you'll start to understand the way that these models understand the way that these models understand the way that these models think and what they try to do. And think and what they try to do. And think and what they try to do. And that's truly the best way. So after this that's truly the best way. So after this that's truly the best way. So after this video, restart it from the beginning, video, restart it from the beginning, video, restart it from the beginning, open up Cloud Code, and just kind of open up Cloud Code, and just kind of open up Cloud Code, and just kind of follow along with what I'm doing and it follow along with what I'm doing and it follow along with what I'm doing and it will all start to click. I promise. And will all start to click. I promise. And will all start to click. I promise. And by the way, you can see that as it's by the way, you can see that as it's by the way, you can see that as it's making this plan for us, it's doing making this plan for us, it's doing making this plan for us, it's doing research. So it's not just thinking, research. So it's not just thinking, research. So it's not just thinking, it's also searching the web to find out it's also searching the web to find out it's also searching the web to find out how we can scrape the YouTube analytics how we can scrape the YouTube analytics how we can scrape the YouTube analytics and how we can use MCP servers and and how we can use MCP servers and and how we can use MCP servers and things like that. Okay, so we got some things like that. Okay, so we got some things like that. Okay, so we got some questions now from Claude. It says, questions now from Claude. It says, questions now from Claude. It says, "What specific YouTube channels do you "What specific YouTube channels do you "What specific YouTube channels do you want to track? Should I discover top AI want to track? Should I discover top AI want to track? Should I discover top AI automation channels automatically or do automation channels automatically or do automation channels automatically or do you have a list? Let's just go with you have a list? Let's just go with you have a list? Let's just go with autodiscocover top channels. Frequency autodiscocover top channels. Frequency autodiscocover top channels. Frequency is how often should this report be sent? is how often should this report be sent? is how often should this report be sent? I'm going to go ahead and do weekly. I'm going to go ahead and do weekly. I'm going to go ahead and do weekly. Then it asks us if we want to track all Then it asks us if we want to track all Then it asks us if we want to track all this data in sheets. Yes, absolutely. this data in sheets. Yes, absolutely. this data in sheets. Yes, absolutely. Let's do that. And then for delivery, it Let's do that. And then for delivery, it Let's do that. And then for delivery, it says what email address should the says what email address should the says what email address should the reports be sent to? And I'm going to go reports be sent to? And I'm going to go reports be sent to? And I'm going to go ahead and say send to my Gmail. So, I ahead and say send to my Gmail. So, I ahead and say send to my Gmail. So, I shut off those answers and now it's shut off those answers and now it's shut off those answers and now it's going to keep updating the plan. All going to keep updating the plan. All going to keep updating the plan. All right. So, the plan is finished. The right. So, the plan is finished. The right. So, the plan is finished. The objective is to build an automated objective is to build an automated objective is to build an automated system that scrapes YouTube data for the system that scrapes YouTube data for the system that scrapes YouTube data for the AI niche. It analyzes trends and gets AI niche. It analyzes trends and gets AI niche. It analyzes trends and gets performance metrics and then generates a performance metrics and then generates a performance metrics and then generates a professional slide deck with charts and professional slide deck with charts and professional slide deck with charts and visualizations and sends that to me over visualizations and sends that to me over visualizations and sends that to me over Gmail. We've got the workflow which is Gmail. We've got the workflow which is Gmail. We've got the workflow which is YouTube weekly report. We've got the YouTube weekly report. We've got the YouTube weekly report. We've got the agent layer. We've got different tools. agent layer. We've got different tools. agent layer. We've got different tools. It's going to build out these seven It's going to build out these seven It's going to build out these seven different Python tools that it different Python tools that it different Python tools that it mentioned. So fetching YouTube data, mentioned. So fetching YouTube data, mentioned. So fetching YouTube data, analyzing YouTube data, generating analyzing YouTube data, generating analyzing YouTube data, generating charts, generating slides, sending the charts, generating slides, sending the charts, generating slides, sending the email report, exporting to sheets, and email report, exporting to sheets, and email report, exporting to sheets, and discovering channels. And now it needs discovering channels. And now it needs discovering channels. And now it needs to actually create this workflow. So, we to actually create this workflow. So, we to actually create this workflow. So, we could obviously read through all of this could obviously read through all of this could obviously read through all of this and we could give it some feedback if we and we could give it some feedback if we and we could give it some feedback if we wanted to, but I'm just going to go wanted to, but I'm just going to go wanted to, but I'm just going to go ahead and accept these because I want to ahead and accept these because I want to ahead and accept these because I want to see how well it did with just one see how well it did with just one see how well it did with just one iteration of our plan, which took me a iteration of our plan, which took me a iteration of our plan, which took me a few minutes. So, you can see what it few minutes. So, you can see what it few minutes. So, you can see what it does is it starts a to-do list. So, it's does is it starts a to-do list. So, it's does is it starts a to-do list. So, it's basically just going to knock off one of basically just going to knock off one of basically just going to knock off one of these at a time. And that's really nice these at a time. And that's really nice these at a time. And that's really nice because it helps the agent stay on because it helps the agent stay on because it helps the agent stay on track, but it also means that you could track, but it also means that you could track, but it also means that you could go to your other monitor here and work go to your other monitor here and work go to your other monitor here and work on something else and just kind of keep on something else and just kind of keep on something else and just kind of keep peeking in on it and checking on the peeking in on it and checking on the peeking in on it and checking on the to-do list to see how much is left to to-do list to see how much is left to to-do list to see how much is left to run. Okay, so the to-do list is done. run. Okay, so the to-do list is done. run. Okay, so the to-do list is done. The workflows and tools have been built. The workflows and tools have been built. The workflows and tools have been built. So, here's where we're at. We've got our So, here's where we're at. We've got our So, here's where we're at. We've got our seven tools have been created. So, if I seven tools have been created. So, if I seven tools have been created. So, if I open up the tools folder, we should see open up the tools folder, we should see open up the tools folder, we should see we now have these seven Python files. we now have these seven Python files. we now have these seven Python files. And each of these, like I said, are And each of these, like I said, are And each of these, like I said, are actual Python code that will execute actual Python code that will execute actual Python code that will execute some sort of action. So, those have been some sort of action. So, those have been some sort of action. So, those have been built. We've also got the workflow. So, built. We've also got the workflow. So, built. We've also got the workflow. So, this is our markdown file, YouTube this is our markdown file, YouTube this is our markdown file, YouTube weekly report, which is an actual weekly report, which is an actual weekly report, which is an actual process. So, I'm not going to read this process. So, I'm not going to read this process. So, I'm not going to read this whole thing, but it has the actual steps whole thing, but it has the actual steps whole thing, but it has the actual steps that we would be doing here. So, now it that we would be doing here. So, now it that we would be doing here. So, now it says to get started, we have a few says to get started, we have a few says to get started, we have a few dependencies. So, the first one is we dependencies. So, the first one is we dependencies. So, the first one is we need to install something. The second need to install something. The second need to install something. The second one is to add a YouTube API key. The one is to add a YouTube API key. The one is to add a YouTube API key. The third one is to set up Google OOTH for third one is to set up Google OOTH for third one is to set up Google OOTH for Gmail and Sheets. And then the fourth Gmail and Sheets. And then the fourth Gmail and Sheets. And then the fourth one is just to run the actual workflow. one is just to run the actual workflow. one is just to run the actual workflow. So a lot of times when Cloud Code's done So a lot of times when Cloud Code's done So a lot of times when Cloud Code's done and it has some action items, it and it has some action items, it and it has some action items, it actually just tells you to do some stuff actually just tells you to do some stuff actually just tells you to do some stuff that it could do itself. So right now we that it could do itself. So right now we that it could do itself. So right now we would obviously have to go get our would obviously have to go get our would obviously have to go get our YouTube API key and then we could just YouTube API key and then we could just YouTube API key and then we could just give it to it and say, "Hey, you go give it to it and say, "Hey, you go give it to it and say, "Hey, you go update the ENV. I don't want to touch update the ENV. I don't want to touch update the ENV. I don't want to touch that. You just go do it." But first, that. You just go do it." But first, that. You just go do it." But first, what it's doing is it's asking us to do what it's doing is it's asking us to do what it's doing is it's asking us to do this. So, we could obviously just this. So, we could obviously just this. So, we could obviously just install this right now, or I could just install this right now, or I could just install this right now, or I could just say, "Can you please go ahead and say, "Can you please go ahead and say, "Can you please go ahead and install the dependencies? I'll go grab install the dependencies? I'll go grab install the dependencies? I'll go grab my YouTube API key." Cool. So, it went my YouTube API key." Cool. So, it went my YouTube API key." Cool. So, it went ahead and installed that stuff just like ahead and installed that stuff just like ahead and installed that stuff just like I told it to. And now it's asking for a I told it to. And now it's asking for a I told it to. And now it's asking for a YouTube API key. So, instead of just YouTube API key. So, instead of just YouTube API key. So, instead of just adding it to the file, I'm just going to adding it to the file, I'm just going to adding it to the file, I'm just going to drop it in right here. And then the one drop it in right here. And then the one drop it in right here. And then the one thing I will have to go do manually is thing I will have to go do manually is thing I will have to go do manually is step three. So, I'll have to enable the step three. So, I'll have to enable the step three. So, I'll have to enable the YouTube data API and Gmail and Google YouTube data API and Gmail and Google YouTube data API and Gmail and Google Sheets and then create the credentials Sheets and then create the credentials Sheets and then create the credentials and just drag in the JSON file, which I and just drag in the JSON file, which I and just drag in the JSON file, which I will do that in a sec. And here's will do that in a sec. And here's will do that in a sec. And here's another thing I'm doing with my API key. another thing I'm doing with my API key. another thing I'm doing with my API key. It should only be added to the ENV file. It should only be added to the ENV file. It should only be added to the ENV file. It shouldn't be listed in the workflows It shouldn't be listed in the workflows It shouldn't be listed in the workflows or the tools. Okay, so I added or the tools. Okay, so I added or the tools. Okay, so I added everything that I needed to. And if everything that I needed to. And if everything that I needed to. And if you're confused about how to do that, you're confused about how to do that, you're confused about how to do that, just say, "Hey, where do I go? What do I just say, "Hey, where do I go? What do I just say, "Hey, where do I go? What do I click on? How do I do that?" And it'll click on? How do I do that?" And it'll click on? How do I do that?" And it'll walk you through. And now what it's walk you through. And now what it's walk you through. And now what it's doing is because it has all our doing is because it has all our doing is because it has all our credentials, it's actually just testing credentials, it's actually just testing credentials, it's actually just testing out if the things work. So you can see out if the things work. So you can see out if the things work. So you can see the YouTube API is working now. Let's the YouTube API is working now. Let's the YouTube API is working now. Let's run the full data collection pipeline. run the full data collection pipeline. run the full data collection pipeline. So it's basically just testing that the So it's basically just testing that the So it's basically just testing that the flow works and then we'll give it a full flow works and then we'll give it a full flow works and then we'll give it a full run. But we can see that it just ran the run. But we can see that it just ran the run. But we can see that it just ran the full pipeline. So that was our first full pipeline. So that was our first full pipeline. So that was our first initial test. It found 30 channels. It initial test. It found 30 channels. It initial test. It found 30 channels. It fetched 187 videos. It generated fetched 187 videos. It generated fetched 187 videos. It generated analysis. It made six charts. It built a analysis. It made six charts. It built a analysis. It made six charts. It built a nine slide PowerPoint deck for us. nine slide PowerPoint deck for us. nine slide PowerPoint deck for us. Exported it to Sheets. And then it Exported it to Sheets. And then it Exported it to Sheets. And then it emailed us the report. So let's go take emailed us the report. So let's go take emailed us the report. So let's go take a look at all that. Okay. So here's the a look at all that. Okay. So here's the a look at all that. Okay. So here's the email that I got. AI automation YouTube email that I got. AI automation YouTube email that I got. AI automation YouTube analytics. So the weekly report for Jan analytics. So the weekly report for Jan analytics. So the weekly report for Jan 20. We got 30 channels tracked, 187 20. We got 30 channels tracked, 187 20. We got 30 channels tracked, 187 videos. We have some top videos from the videos. We have some top videos from the videos. We have some top videos from the week. We have recommendations. And then week. We have recommendations. And then week. We have recommendations. And then we also have our PowerPoint right here, we also have our PowerPoint right here, we also have our PowerPoint right here, which we can see. We have similar which we can see. We have similar which we can see. We have similar information. We've got median views, information. We've got median views, information. We've got median views, median engagement, trending topics. median engagement, trending topics. median engagement, trending topics. We've got top performing videos. So, we We've got top performing videos. So, we We've got top performing videos. So, we have this laid out by title and by have this laid out by title and by have this laid out by title and by views. We've got top channels by views. We've got top channels by views. We've got top channels by subscribers. Unfortunately, I do not see subscribers. Unfortunately, I do not see subscribers. Unfortunately, I do not see my name up there, so please hit the my name up there, so please hit the my name up there, so please hit the subscribe button. We've got engagement subscribe button. We've got engagement subscribe button. We've got engagement analytics. We've got trending topics, by analytics. We've got trending topics, by analytics. We've got trending topics, by keywords in the Aming patterns, and then keywords in the Aming patterns, and then keywords in the Aming patterns, and then we have some recommendations to kind of we have some recommendations to kind of we have some recommendations to kind of close us off here. So, keep in mind this close us off here. So, keep in mind this close us off here. So, keep in mind this is not perfect, and we obviously would is not perfect, and we obviously would is not perfect, and we obviously would want to come back and make this a little want to come back and make this a little want to come back and make this a little bit more tailored for us, but this was bit more tailored for us, but this was bit more tailored for us, but this was one prompt. Cloud code asks us questions one prompt. Cloud code asks us questions one prompt. Cloud code asks us questions and then I basically just sat down and and then I basically just sat down and and then I basically just sat down and then I came back over here when it was then I came back over here when it was then I came back over here when it was done and this is what we have ready for done and this is what we have ready for done and this is what we have ready for us. What we also see is that we got this us. What we also see is that we got this us. What we also see is that we got this exported to a Google sheet. So if I exported to a Google sheet. So if I exported to a Google sheet. So if I click on this, remember that we didn't click on this, remember that we didn't click on this, remember that we didn't create the sheet. We didn't create these create the sheet. We didn't create these create the sheet. We didn't create these different tabs or the actual like schema different tabs or the actual like schema different tabs or the actual like schema of this. But we've got three tabs. The of this. But we've got three tabs. The of this. But we've got three tabs. The first one is channel stats. So this first one is channel stats. So this first one is channel stats. So this pulled channel stats from today's date pulled channel stats from today's date pulled channel stats from today's date which is January 20th. We have the which is January 20th. We have the which is January 20th. We have the channel IDs. We have the actual channel channel IDs. We have the actual channel channel IDs. We have the actual channel names. And then we've got subscribers, names. And then we've got subscribers, names. And then we've got subscribers, total views, and video count. We can see total views, and video count. We can see total views, and video count. We can see nice that Nate Herk AI automation did nice that Nate Herk AI automation did nice that Nate Herk AI automation did make it in this scrape. We've also got make it in this scrape. We've also got make it in this scrape. We've also got top videos. So once again, this was ran top videos. So once again, this was ran top videos. So once again, this was ran based on today's analytics. We got the based on today's analytics. We got the based on today's analytics. We got the video ID. We've got the title of the video ID. We've got the title of the video ID. We've got the title of the videos. We've got the channel, the videos. We've got the channel, the videos. We've got the channel, the views, the likes, the comments, the views, the likes, the comments, the views, the likes, the comments, the engagement rate, which is pretty cool. engagement rate, which is pretty cool. engagement rate, which is pretty cool. And also how old the videos are. So we And also how old the videos are. So we And also how old the videos are. So we can see that we're getting real accurate can see that we're getting real accurate can see that we're getting real accurate like what's trending right now. And then like what's trending right now. And then like what's trending right now. And then we get a weekly summary. So this is we get a weekly summary. So this is we get a weekly summary. So this is supposed to run every single week. We supposed to run every single week. We supposed to run every single week. We can see the day that it ran, the can see the day that it ran, the can see the day that it ran, the channels it tracked, the videos it channels it tracked, the videos it channels it tracked, the videos it analyzed, the median views, the median analyzed, the median views, the median analyzed, the median views, the median engagement score, and the top keyword in engagement score, and the top keyword in engagement score, and the top keyword in top keyword 2, which actually, it's top keyword 2, which actually, it's top keyword 2, which actually, it's funnily enough, spells out claude code, funnily enough, spells out claude code, funnily enough, spells out claude code, which is why you're seeing this video which is why you're seeing this video which is why you're seeing this video right now. Okay, so let's recap what right now. Okay, so let's recap what right now. Okay, so let's recap what we've done. We have familiarized with we've done. We have familiarized with we've done. We have familiarized with the interface. We have built out the the interface. We have built out the the interface. We have built out the actual structure of our project using a actual structure of our project using a actual structure of our project using a cloud.md file, which is like a system cloud.md file, which is like a system cloud.md file, which is like a system prompt. Now, we have our workflows. We prompt. Now, we have our workflows. We prompt. Now, we have our workflows. We have our tools and we have actually gone have our tools and we have actually gone have our tools and we have actually gone through the whole planning stage with through the whole planning stage with through the whole planning stage with claude code to build out the initial you claude code to build out the initial you claude code to build out the initial you know workflow automation that we need. know workflow automation that we need. know workflow automation that we need. So what comes next now is we want to So what comes next now is we want to So what comes next now is we want to talk about a few other things. We want talk about a few other things. We want talk about a few other things. We want to talk about superpowers. So MCPS and to talk about superpowers. So MCPS and to talk about superpowers. So MCPS and skills and then we're going to test it a skills and then we're going to test it a skills and then we're going to test it a little bit more and then we're going to little bit more and then we're going to little bit more and then we're going to actually deploy the automation live. So actually deploy the automation live. So actually deploy the automation live. So to start off with superpowers MCP to start off with superpowers MCP to start off with superpowers MCP servers. So I'm not going to dive super servers. So I'm not going to dive super servers. So I'm not going to dive super super deep into MCP servers in this super deep into MCP servers in this super deep into MCP servers in this video but I did want to bring it up. So, video but I did want to bring it up. So, video but I did want to bring it up. So, if you remember in plan mode, I if you remember in plan mode, I if you remember in plan mode, I basically said, "Hey, I want to scrape basically said, "Hey, I want to scrape basically said, "Hey, I want to scrape YouTube data. Can you just go figure out YouTube data. Can you just go figure out YouTube data. Can you just go figure out if I should use an MCP server or like an if I should use an MCP server or like an if I should use an MCP server or like an API?" And it ended up finding out that API?" And it ended up finding out that API?" And it ended up finding out that the YouTube API was going to work the YouTube API was going to work the YouTube API was going to work better. So, that's why we did it in this better. So, that's why we did it in this better. So, that's why we did it in this workflow. But essentially, just think of workflow. But essentially, just think of workflow. But essentially, just think of an MCP server as an app store. So, Gmail an MCP server as an app store. So, Gmail an MCP server as an app store. So, Gmail has an MCP server, Calendar has an MCP has an MCP server, Calendar has an MCP has an MCP server, Calendar has an MCP server, lots of these services do. And server, lots of these services do. And server, lots of these services do. And this is like one of the most common this is like one of the most common this is like one of the most common visualizations because it's like a visualizations because it's like a visualizations because it's like a universal micro USB port because instead universal micro USB port because instead universal micro USB port because instead of having to go to calendar's API and of having to go to calendar's API and of having to go to calendar's API and have one different API request to create have one different API request to create have one different API request to create an event, one different one to update an event, one different one to update an event, one different one to update event, one different one to delete an event, one different one to delete an event, one different one to delete an event, all we have to do is connect once event, all we have to do is connect once event, all we have to do is connect once to the whole server and then the agent to the whole server and then the agent to the whole server and then the agent can figure out how to go use different can figure out how to go use different can figure out how to go use different endpoints and parameters. It just endpoints and parameters. It just endpoints and parameters. It just simplifies the whole process. Now, what simplifies the whole process. Now, what simplifies the whole process. Now, what I did want to talk about a little bit I did want to talk about a little bit I did want to talk about a little bit more was the idea of claude skills more was the idea of claude skills more was the idea of claude skills because this is a little bit newer. So because this is a little bit newer. So because this is a little bit newer. So essentially skills are instructions or essentially skills are instructions or essentially skills are instructions or resources that Claude can load in resources that Claude can load in resources that Claude can load in dynamically. And that's kind of the key dynamically. And that's kind of the key dynamically. And that's kind of the key piece here is that instead of just piece here is that instead of just piece here is that instead of just reading it every time in a system reading it every time in a system reading it every time in a system prompt, it basically understands what is prompt, it basically understands what is prompt, it basically understands what is the request. Let me go look at all the the request. Let me go look at all the the request. Let me go look at all the skills I have access to. If one of them skills I have access to. If one of them skills I have access to. If one of them is relevant, I'll pick that one. I'll is relevant, I'll pick that one. I'll is relevant, I'll pick that one. I'll read it all and then I'll take action. read it all and then I'll take action. read it all and then I'll take action. And this process basically just improves And this process basically just improves And this process basically just improves Claude's consistency, speed, and Claude's consistency, speed, and Claude's consistency, speed, and performance. And also saves you tokens. performance. And also saves you tokens. performance. And also saves you tokens. Like I said, when you ask Claude to do Like I said, when you ask Claude to do Like I said, when you ask Claude to do something, it reviews the available something, it reviews the available something, it reviews the available skills. it loads in only the relevant skills. it loads in only the relevant skills. it loads in only the relevant ones and then it applies those ones and then it applies those ones and then it applies those instructions. So, we're going to go instructions. So, we're going to go instructions. So, we're going to go ahead and try to implement a skill into ahead and try to implement a skill into ahead and try to implement a skill into this workflow and I'll actually show you this workflow and I'll actually show you this workflow and I'll actually show you what the skill document entails. So, what the skill document entails. So, what the skill document entails. So, then it will all start to make a little then it will all start to make a little then it will all start to make a little bit more sense. But before we do that, I bit more sense. But before we do that, I bit more sense. But before we do that, I did want to real quick cover the did want to real quick cover the did want to real quick cover the difference between skills and projects difference between skills and projects difference between skills and projects and skills and MCP. So, the first one is and skills and MCP. So, the first one is and skills and MCP. So, the first one is about projects. You're in a project and about projects. You're in a project and about projects. You're in a project and basically what we have is access to basically what we have is access to basically what we have is access to whatever is in here. So, it's kind of whatever is in here. So, it's kind of whatever is in here. So, it's kind of static documents and background static documents and background static documents and background information. And a lot of times these information. And a lot of times these information. And a lot of times these skills are installed globally. So what skills are installed globally. So what skills are installed globally. So what you'll notice actually in our project is you'll notice actually in our project is you'll notice actually in our project is that we don't have any skills in this that we don't have any skills in this that we don't have any skills in this project. Normally there will be like a project. Normally there will be like a project. Normally there will be like a thing that will be like agents and then thing that will be like agents and then thing that will be like agents and then you drill down in that folder and you'll you drill down in that folder and you'll you drill down in that folder and you'll see like agent skills or claude skills. see like agent skills or claude skills. see like agent skills or claude skills. And that's more installed on the global And that's more installed on the global And that's more installed on the global level. And that's actually really good level. And that's actually really good level. And that's actually really good because what that means is if I closed because what that means is if I closed because what that means is if I closed out of this project and I opened up a out of this project and I opened up a out of this project and I opened up a different one, I would still have access different one, I would still have access different one, I would still have access to all the same skills that I've already to all the same skills that I've already to all the same skills that I've already installed. So you can see right here installed. So you can see right here installed. So you can see right here that I just asked Claude Code, "What that I just asked Claude Code, "What that I just asked Claude Code, "What skills do you have?" and it came back skills do you have?" and it came back skills do you have?" and it came back and showed that it has a front-end and showed that it has a front-end and showed that it has a front-end design. It has naden skills and those design. It has naden skills and those design. It has naden skills and those are the only eight that it actually has are the only eight that it actually has are the only eight that it actually has even though we don't see them in this even though we don't see them in this even though we don't see them in this specific project. Now we have skills specific project. Now we have skills specific project. Now we have skills versus MCP and these are also very versus MCP and these are also very versus MCP and these are also very different. MCP is basically to get data different. MCP is basically to get data different. MCP is basically to get data and take action. So like I said if you and take action. So like I said if you and take action. So like I said if you want to connect Claude to something like want to connect Claude to something like want to connect Claude to something like Gmail to read emails or to send emails Gmail to read emails or to send emails Gmail to read emails or to send emails but skills are more like knowledge but skills are more like knowledge but skills are more like knowledge custom instructions. So, if you ever custom instructions. So, if you ever custom instructions. So, if you ever find yourself constantly repeating find yourself constantly repeating find yourself constantly repeating something to your cloud code agent, then something to your cloud code agent, then something to your cloud code agent, then maybe that's a good sign to put it maybe that's a good sign to put it maybe that's a good sign to put it either in the claw.md file or create either in the claw.md file or create either in the claw.md file or create your own custom skill for it. So, like your own custom skill for it. So, like your own custom skill for it. So, like the example of the front-end design, if the example of the front-end design, if the example of the front-end design, if you wanted to use cloud code to build you wanted to use cloud code to build you wanted to use cloud code to build yourself a landing page or a website, yourself a landing page or a website, yourself a landing page or a website, using the front-end design significantly using the front-end design significantly using the front-end design significantly improves its ability to actually design improves its ability to actually design improves its ability to actually design things. So, what we're going to be doing things. So, what we're going to be doing things. So, what we're going to be doing in this example now is I want to use a in this example now is I want to use a in this example now is I want to use a skill and I'm going to be looking at skill and I'm going to be looking at skill and I'm going to be looking at this cloud code templates website which this cloud code templates website which this cloud code templates website which has a bunch of agents and commands and has a bunch of agents and commands and has a bunch of agents and commands and MCP servers and skills and hooks and I'm MCP servers and skills and hooks and I'm MCP servers and skills and hooks and I'm going to be looking for one that helps going to be looking for one that helps going to be looking for one that helps us create like better looking PDFs. I'll us create like better looking PDFs. I'll us create like better looking PDFs. I'll also leave a link to this in the also leave a link to this in the also leave a link to this in the description of the video. So, I went description of the video. So, I went description of the video. So, I went ahead and searched for design and you ahead and searched for design and you ahead and searched for design and you can see there's a skill right here can see there's a skill right here can see there's a skill right here called canvas design. And if I view called canvas design. And if I view called canvas design. And if I view details here, it says create beautiful details here, it says create beautiful details here, it says create beautiful visual art inputs visual art inputs visual art inputs using design philosophy. So, we're going using design philosophy. So, we're going using design philosophy. So, we're going to go ahead and try this one out. I've to go ahead and try this one out. I've to go ahead and try this one out. I've never used it before. We'll see how it never used it before. We'll see how it never used it before. We'll see how it works. But this is actually like the works. But this is actually like the works. But this is actually like the code of the skill itself. And you can code of the skill itself. And you can code of the skill itself. And you can see it basically is just natural see it basically is just natural see it basically is just natural language instructions. So, it's just a language instructions. So, it's just a language instructions. So, it's just a custom prompt that someone built or you custom prompt that someone built or you custom prompt that someone built or you built yourself. And now I can load this built yourself. And now I can load this built yourself. And now I can load this into cloud code. So, when we have it into cloud code. So, when we have it into cloud code. So, when we have it design a PDF, it can use this and it design a PDF, it can use this and it design a PDF, it can use this and it will probably just come out a lot better will probably just come out a lot better will probably just come out a lot better because it's prompted. So, we've got because it's prompted. So, we've got because it's prompted. So, we've got installation right here where we can use installation right here where we can use installation right here where we can use this code. So, what I would try is just this code. So, what I would try is just this code. So, what I would try is just copying this, going into VS Code. I'm copying this, going into VS Code. I'm copying this, going into VS Code. I'm going to go ahead and open up a, you going to go ahead and open up a, you going to go ahead and open up a, you know, kind of clear the conversation and know, kind of clear the conversation and know, kind of clear the conversation and just paste that in and see what happens just paste that in and see what happens just paste that in and see what happens if I drop that in there. Okay, so I if I drop that in there. Okay, so I if I drop that in there. Okay, so I dropped it in and then it actually ran dropped it in and then it actually ran dropped it in and then it actually ran the command in our terminal to install the command in our terminal to install the command in our terminal to install it. And it says that it's been installed it. And it says that it's been installed it. And it says that it's been installed and we have skill.md for the and we have skill.md for the and we have skill.md for the instructions for the skill. And then instructions for the skill. And then instructions for the skill. And then we've also got a bunch of fonts. And we've also got a bunch of fonts. And we've also got a bunch of fonts. And what it did is it actually created a new what it did is it actually created a new what it did is it actually created a new folder here called.claude. And then we folder here called.claude. And then we folder here called.claude. And then we do have skills right here. So you can do have skills right here. So you can do have skills right here. So you can see that it put it in this project. So see that it put it in this project. So see that it put it in this project. So now I'm a little confused because I now I'm a little confused because I now I'm a little confused because I don't know. Okay, we have a skill here, don't know. Okay, we have a skill here, don't know. Okay, we have a skill here, but we also have skills globally. So I but we also have skills globally. So I but we also have skills globally. So I would literally just say it looks like would literally just say it looks like would literally just say it looks like you created this skill in this project. you created this skill in this project. you created this skill in this project. Is this going to be installed globally Is this going to be installed globally Is this going to be installed globally or will it only be accessible through or will it only be accessible through or will it only be accessible through this project? So right now it basically this project? So right now it basically this project? So right now it basically says yeah this was installed just says yeah this was installed just says yeah this was installed just locally in this project and that's fine. locally in this project and that's fine. locally in this project and that's fine. And if you wanted it to be global And if you wanted it to be global And if you wanted it to be global instead you would just say okay actually instead you would just say okay actually instead you would just say okay actually just make that global and then it would. just make that global and then it would. just make that global and then it would. So anyways going to clear out this So anyways going to clear out this So anyways going to clear out this conversation one more time. I'm going to conversation one more time. I'm going to conversation one more time. I'm going to go back into plan mode and I'm going to go back into plan mode and I'm going to go back into plan mode and I'm going to give it a prompt. And actually one more give it a prompt. And actually one more give it a prompt. And actually one more thing before I prompt it. I'm going to thing before I prompt it. I'm going to thing before I prompt it. I'm going to drag in the AI Automation Society Plus drag in the AI Automation Society Plus drag in the AI Automation Society Plus logo just over here on the lefth hand logo just over here on the lefth hand logo just over here on the lefth hand side. And you can see it's right here side. And you can see it's right here side. And you can see it's right here and the file pops up. Right. So, what and the file pops up. Right. So, what and the file pops up. Right. So, what I'm going to do is prompt it, but I want I'm going to do is prompt it, but I want I'm going to do is prompt it, but I want it to actually have this logo on all of it to actually have this logo on all of it to actually have this logo on all of the PDFs that it generates. Hey Claude, the PDFs that it generates. Hey Claude, the PDFs that it generates. Hey Claude, so I just gave you a skill for canvas so I just gave you a skill for canvas so I just gave you a skill for canvas design. And instead of outputting a design. And instead of outputting a design. And instead of outputting a PowerPoint presentation, I want you to PowerPoint presentation, I want you to PowerPoint presentation, I want you to now take the same research when you do now take the same research when you do now take the same research when you do your analysis from YouTube videos, but I your analysis from YouTube videos, but I your analysis from YouTube videos, but I want you to use that canvas design skill want you to use that canvas design skill want you to use that canvas design skill to create a PDF. It needs to be to create a PDF. It needs to be to create a PDF. It needs to be professional, but it needs to be professional, but it needs to be professional, but it needs to be aesthetically pleasing. And what I want aesthetically pleasing. And what I want aesthetically pleasing. And what I want you to do is make sure you're including you to do is make sure you're including you to do is make sure you're including the AIS Plus logo PNG that I dropped in the AIS Plus logo PNG that I dropped in the AIS Plus logo PNG that I dropped in this folder as well because I want the this folder as well because I want the this folder as well because I want the whole presentation to be branded so I whole presentation to be branded so I whole presentation to be branded so I can share it with my team. So, I'm can share it with my team. So, I'm can share it with my team. So, I'm shooting this off in plan mode and I'll shooting this off in plan mode and I'll shooting this off in plan mode and I'll let you know when it comes back with let you know when it comes back with let you know when it comes back with some questions. Interesting. So, it came some questions. Interesting. So, it came some questions. Interesting. So, it came back and said that that canvas design back and said that that canvas design back and said that that canvas design skill that we just installed creates skill that we just installed creates skill that we just installed creates PDFs interactively, which means step PDFs interactively, which means step PDFs interactively, which means step five of our workflow changes from fully five of our workflow changes from fully five of our workflow changes from fully automated to semi-automated. So, how do automated to semi-automated. So, how do automated to semi-automated. So, how do we want to handle this? Let's just go we want to handle this? Let's just go we want to handle this? Let's just go ahead and just say keep it fully ahead and just say keep it fully ahead and just say keep it fully automated because that's kind of the automated because that's kind of the automated because that's kind of the whole point. We want to be able to push whole point. We want to be able to push whole point. We want to be able to push this live to run on a schedule trigger. this live to run on a schedule trigger. this live to run on a schedule trigger. Okay. So, the new plan is to replace the Okay. So, the new plan is to replace the Okay. So, the new plan is to replace the PowerPoint output with a branded PDF PowerPoint output with a branded PDF PowerPoint output with a branded PDF report. So, it's going to make a new report. So, it's going to make a new report. So, it's going to make a new tool to replace the generate slides tool to replace the generate slides tool to replace the generate slides tool. We have our current workflow tool. We have our current workflow tool. We have our current workflow state. We've got our logo. It has some state. We've got our logo. It has some state. We've got our logo. It has some proposed changes here. We're going to be proposed changes here. We're going to be proposed changes here. We're going to be looking at the PDF structure. And of looking at the PDF structure. And of looking at the PDF structure. And of course, what it has to do is update the course, what it has to do is update the course, what it has to do is update the actual workflow. So, it's going to look actual workflow. So, it's going to look actual workflow. So, it's going to look at this YouTube weekly report markdown at this YouTube weekly report markdown at this YouTube weekly report markdown file, which is the actual workflow. Of file, which is the actual workflow. Of file, which is the actual workflow. Of course, it's going to change that. It's course, it's going to change that. It's course, it's going to change that. It's going to update some of the other tools going to update some of the other tools going to update some of the other tools like the email tool. And then, of like the email tool. And then, of like the email tool. And then, of course, it's got some other course, it's got some other course, it's got some other implementation steps for us. And in this implementation steps for us. And in this implementation steps for us. And in this case, what I'm going to go ahead and do case, what I'm going to go ahead and do case, what I'm going to go ahead and do is just autoaccept these changes. And is just autoaccept these changes. And is just autoaccept these changes. And so, right now, it's just setting up a so, right now, it's just setting up a so, right now, it's just setting up a to-do list to actually implement those to-do list to actually implement those to-do list to actually implement those changes. We're not going to be running changes. We're not going to be running changes. We're not going to be running the workflow again. We're just going to the workflow again. We're just going to the workflow again. We're just going to make the changes, and then we'll go make the changes, and then we'll go make the changes, and then we'll go ahead and test it. And just a reminder, ahead and test it. And just a reminder, ahead and test it. And just a reminder, when you guys are in here building your when you guys are in here building your when you guys are in here building your own workflows, just pay attention to own workflows, just pay attention to own workflows, just pay attention to what it's actually doing. It does some what it's actually doing. It does some what it's actually doing. It does some really interesting things. Like right really interesting things. Like right really interesting things. Like right here, it installed some dependencies to here, it installed some dependencies to here, it installed some dependencies to actually be able to create the PDF a actually be able to create the PDF a actually be able to create the PDF a little bit better. And then here it says little bit better. And then here it says little bit better. And then here it says the PDF was generated, but it's using a the PDF was generated, but it's using a the PDF was generated, but it's using a fallback using whatever this is, and it fallback using whatever this is, and it fallback using whatever this is, and it would look better if it had proper title would look better if it had proper title would look better if it had proper title and closing pages. So, it's going to and closing pages. So, it's going to and closing pages. So, it's going to install something else and then try it install something else and then try it install something else and then try it again. It's just a reminder of using again. It's just a reminder of using again. It's just a reminder of using this framework of an agent that sits this framework of an agent that sits this framework of an agent that sits between workflows and tools. As it's between workflows and tools. As it's between workflows and tools. As it's building them out, as it's testing them, building them out, as it's testing them, building them out, as it's testing them, it's continuously improving them, seeing it's continuously improving them, seeing it's continuously improving them, seeing errors, seeing things that could be errors, seeing things that could be errors, seeing things that could be improved, and then just going ahead and improved, and then just going ahead and improved, and then just going ahead and doing that for you. So, that's where doing that for you. So, that's where doing that for you. So, that's where it's really powerful. And this testing it's really powerful. And this testing it's really powerful. And this testing and optimization phase is really and optimization phase is really and optimization phase is really important because once you actually important because once you actually important because once you actually deploy your automation, you're not deploy your automation, you're not deploy your automation, you're not deploying the agent. You're just deploying the agent. You're just deploying the agent. You're just basically deploying the workflow that's basically deploying the workflow that's basically deploying the workflow that's connected to tools. And that's important connected to tools. And that's important connected to tools. And that's important to understand. The workflow itself would to understand. The workflow itself would to understand. The workflow itself would be put up into the cloud where it could be put up into the cloud where it could be put up into the cloud where it could run on a schedule trigger, but the agent run on a schedule trigger, but the agent run on a schedule trigger, but the agent still lives locally in cloud code. Which still lives locally in cloud code. Which still lives locally in cloud code. Which means if a workflow which means if your means if a workflow which means if your means if a workflow which means if your workflow is running every week, it's not workflow is running every week, it's not workflow is running every week, it's not going to be self improving and going to be self improving and going to be self improving and self-healing. So if you wanted to do self-healing. So if you wanted to do self-healing. So if you wanted to do that, you would come over to cloud code, that, you would come over to cloud code, that, you would come over to cloud code, you'd edit the workflow, you'd improve you'd edit the workflow, you'd improve you'd edit the workflow, you'd improve it, and then you just push that version it, and then you just push that version it, and then you just push that version back to modal or wherever you're hosting back to modal or wherever you're hosting back to modal or wherever you're hosting them. But anyways, this finished up, so them. But anyways, this finished up, so them. But anyways, this finished up, so it created a new tool. It modified a few it created a new tool. It modified a few it created a new tool. It modified a few other things. It changed the actual other things. It changed the actual other things. It changed the actual workflow itself. And then what also it workflow itself. And then what also it workflow itself. And then what also it did is it made a test PDF just to see did is it made a test PDF just to see did is it made a test PDF just to see how that worked. And you can see here how that worked. And you can see here how that worked. And you can see here it's stored as a temporary file. So in it's stored as a temporary file. So in it's stored as a temporary file. So in our temp folder, which is right here, our temp folder, which is right here, our temp folder, which is right here, you can see right there we have a you can see right there we have a you can see right there we have a YouTube report PDF. And let me just make YouTube report PDF. And let me just make YouTube report PDF. And let me just make this bigger. We've got our logo right this bigger. We've got our logo right this bigger. We've got our logo right here. We've got our AI and automation here. We've got our AI and automation here. We've got our AI and automation YouTube analytics report and we have the YouTube analytics report and we have the YouTube analytics report and we have the thank you slide. So it basically just thank you slide. So it basically just thank you slide. So it basically just tested to see if it worked. But now tested to see if it worked. But now tested to see if it worked. But now we're going to go ahead and run that we're going to go ahead and run that we're going to go ahead and run that full workflow and then we're going to full workflow and then we're going to full workflow and then we're going to see if we're ready to actually push it see if we're ready to actually push it see if we're ready to actually push it up into production. So I'm on bypass up into production. So I'm on bypass up into production. So I'm on bypass permissions and I'm just going to shoot permissions and I'm just going to shoot permissions and I'm just going to shoot off run the YouTube analysis workflow off run the YouTube analysis workflow off run the YouTube analysis workflow and it's not even called that, but it and it's not even called that, but it and it's not even called that, but it will be able to search through the will be able to search through the will be able to search through the workflows that it has and it's going to workflows that it has and it's going to workflows that it has and it's going to understand which one to run. It's going understand which one to run. It's going understand which one to run. It's going to execute all of those Python scripts to execute all of those Python scripts to execute all of those Python scripts in order and then we should have a in order and then we should have a in order and then we should have a finished product. Okay, so here's the finished product. Okay, so here's the finished product. Okay, so here's the email. It has the similar structure as email. It has the similar structure as email. It has the similar structure as far as the actual body of the email, but far as the actual body of the email, but far as the actual body of the email, but then at the bottom, we should have our then at the bottom, we should have our then at the bottom, we should have our PDF, which we got attached right here. PDF, which we got attached right here. PDF, which we got attached right here. But what you'll notice is that it's only But what you'll notice is that it's only But what you'll notice is that it's only two pages. So, it didn't actually create two pages. So, it didn't actually create two pages. So, it didn't actually create the right type of PDF that we were the right type of PDF that we were the right type of PDF that we were looking for. However, it did update the looking for. However, it did update the looking for. However, it did update the Google sheet. So, it added, you know, Google sheet. So, it added, you know, Google sheet. So, it added, you know, those 30 more videos that we originally those 30 more videos that we originally those 30 more videos that we originally didn't have on this sheet. It added more didn't have on this sheet. It added more didn't have on this sheet. It added more videos, of course, and then it threw in videos, of course, and then it threw in videos, of course, and then it threw in one more weekly summary where it has a one more weekly summary where it has a one more weekly summary where it has a little bit of a different metrics. And little bit of a different metrics. And little bit of a different metrics. And what's interesting is that you can see what's interesting is that you can see what's interesting is that you can see that it did generate charts and it did that it did generate charts and it did that it did generate charts and it did do analysis because it actually do analysis because it actually do analysis because it actually generated all of these images over here, generated all of these images over here, generated all of these images over here, top channels, top videos, key top channels, top videos, key top channels, top videos, key performance indicators, posting performance indicators, posting performance indicators, posting patterns, all this kind of stuff. It patterns, all this kind of stuff. It patterns, all this kind of stuff. It just didn't actually include it. So once just didn't actually include it. So once just didn't actually include it. So once again, we would go back in natural again, we would go back in natural again, we would go back in natural language and say, "Hey, you know, we language and say, "Hey, you know, we language and say, "Hey, you know, we just got that PDF, but it was only two just got that PDF, but it was only two just got that PDF, but it was only two slides." So what I did is I said slides." So what I did is I said slides." So what I did is I said everything seemed to work except for the everything seemed to work except for the everything seemed to work except for the PDF that I received was only two slides. PDF that I received was only two slides. PDF that I received was only two slides. It was only the title and the thank you It was only the title and the thank you It was only the title and the thank you page. So, it found the issue. It fixed page. So, it found the issue. It fixed page. So, it found the issue. It fixed it. It changed the workflow. It changed it. It changed the workflow. It changed it. It changed the workflow. It changed the tools. And now, it's shot me off a the tools. And now, it's shot me off a the tools. And now, it's shot me off a new example with nine pages. And this new example with nine pages. And this new example with nine pages. And this time, we still have the logo. We still time, we still have the logo. We still time, we still have the logo. We still have the date. And we also now have all have the date. And we also now have all have the date. And we also now have all of the actual slides that we need in of the actual slides that we need in of the actual slides that we need in this PDF with the charts and things like this PDF with the charts and things like this PDF with the charts and things like that, recommendations, and then we still that, recommendations, and then we still that, recommendations, and then we still have the closing off slide. So, have the closing off slide. So, have the closing off slide. So, hopefully you guys understand now how hopefully you guys understand now how hopefully you guys understand now how important the planning really is because important the planning really is because important the planning really is because we did kind of rush through this in this we did kind of rush through this in this we did kind of rush through this in this example where we auto accepted changes example where we auto accepted changes example where we auto accepted changes and we just kind of like sped through and we just kind of like sped through and we just kind of like sped through things. And it's fine because we're things. And it's fine because we're things. And it's fine because we're still able to go back and forth and let still able to go back and forth and let still able to go back and forth and let Claude Code investigate and fix, but it Claude Code investigate and fix, but it Claude Code investigate and fix, but it should show the importance of if you are should show the importance of if you are should show the importance of if you are really really clear up front and you really really clear up front and you really really clear up front and you know exactly what you need, it will be a know exactly what you need, it will be a know exactly what you need, it will be a lot better off the jump, but it's not lot better off the jump, but it's not lot better off the jump, but it's not perfect. Okay, so now let's say we're at perfect. Okay, so now let's say we're at perfect. Okay, so now let's say we're at the spot where we're ready to basically the spot where we're ready to basically the spot where we're ready to basically make this workflow live where we make this workflow live where we make this workflow live where we actually want to forget about it and actually want to forget about it and actually want to forget about it and just let it run every Monday at 6 a.m. just let it run every Monday at 6 a.m. just let it run every Monday at 6 a.m. or whatever. So, we need to deploy it. or whatever. So, we need to deploy it. or whatever. So, we need to deploy it. So, the way that we're going to do that So, the way that we're going to do that So, the way that we're going to do that is we're going to use modal, which is AI is we're going to use modal, which is AI is we're going to use modal, which is AI infrastructure that developers love. infrastructure that developers love. infrastructure that developers love. Essentially, what modal is is it lets Essentially, what modal is is it lets Essentially, what modal is is it lets you spin up these kind of like computers you spin up these kind of like computers you spin up these kind of like computers in the cloud where you can host your in the cloud where you can host your in the cloud where you can host your automations and it only charges you when automations and it only charges you when automations and it only charges you when they actually run. So, you're not they actually run. So, you're not they actually run. So, you're not getting charged by the minute or by the getting charged by the minute or by the getting charged by the minute or by the day. You're only getting charged every day. You're only getting charged every day. You're only getting charged every time they actually execute. So, when you time they actually execute. So, when you time they actually execute. So, when you create an account, you'll get five bucks create an account, you'll get five bucks create an account, you'll get five bucks for free. And then if you add a credit for free. And then if you add a credit for free. And then if you add a credit card, even though it won't charge you card, even though it won't charge you card, even though it won't charge you yet, you'll get 30 bucks. And this 30 yet, you'll get 30 bucks. And this 30 yet, you'll get 30 bucks. And this 30 bucks will last you a long, long time. bucks will last you a long, long time. bucks will last you a long, long time. Trust me. So, what'll happen is this Trust me. So, what'll happen is this Trust me. So, what'll happen is this screen will probably pop up and it will screen will probably pop up and it will screen will probably pop up and it will say that you need to download and say that you need to download and say that you need to download and configure the Python client. So you configure the Python client. So you configure the Python client. So you could basically copy this exact command could basically copy this exact command could basically copy this exact command right here and just put that into cloud right here and just put that into cloud right here and just put that into cloud code or you could just say hey cloud code or you could just say hey cloud code or you could just say hey cloud code I want to push this workflow to code I want to push this workflow to code I want to push this workflow to modal. So just help me get that modal. So just help me get that modal. So just help me get that initialized. But I'll just show you what initialized. But I'll just show you what initialized. But I'll just show you what would happen if you copied this and we would happen if you copied this and we would happen if you copied this and we came into cloud code and said awesome I came into cloud code and said awesome I came into cloud code and said awesome I want to push the YouTube analytics want to push the YouTube analytics want to push the YouTube analytics workflow to modal so that it can workflow to modal so that it can workflow to modal so that it can actually run every single Monday at 6 actually run every single Monday at 6 actually run every single Monday at 6 a.m. And then I'm going to go ahead and a.m. And then I'm going to go ahead and a.m. And then I'm going to go ahead and paste in those two things that we just paste in those two things that we just paste in those two things that we just saw. And let's actually do this in plan saw. And let's actually do this in plan saw. And let's actually do this in plan mode first and just shoot that off. So mode first and just shoot that off. So mode first and just shoot that off. So what it's doing is it's going to read what it's doing is it's going to read what it's doing is it's going to read through the workflow structure and the through the workflow structure and the through the workflow structure and the tools and understand how it can package tools and understand how it can package tools and understand how it can package everything up so it can actually deploy everything up so it can actually deploy everything up so it can actually deploy it on modal as an app. So it came back it on modal as an app. So it came back it on modal as an app. So it came back with a plan to deploy this on modal. But with a plan to deploy this on modal. But with a plan to deploy this on modal. But there's one more thing that I want to there's one more thing that I want to there's one more thing that I want to ask it about before we actually do this. ask it about before we actually do this. ask it about before we actually do this. And this last part is security. So I And this last part is security. So I And this last part is security. So I basically told it to run a security basically told it to run a security basically told it to run a security review and make sure that my API keys review and make sure that my API keys review and make sure that my API keys aren't exposed and that there's no aren't exposed and that there's no aren't exposed and that there's no vulnerabilities because the reality is vulnerabilities because the reality is vulnerabilities because the reality is we just built a ton of code and I don't we just built a ton of code and I don't we just built a ton of code and I don't know what the code is actually doing. know what the code is actually doing. know what the code is actually doing. So, it's really important to be thinking So, it's really important to be thinking So, it's really important to be thinking about this before you put anything out about this before you put anything out about this before you put anything out there on the web. Are any web hooks there on the web. Are any web hooks there on the web. Are any web hooks exposed? And if they are, do you have exposed? And if they are, do you have exposed? And if they are, do you have like, you know, proper protection around like, you know, proper protection around like, you know, proper protection around that? Are secrets out there? Are API that? Are secrets out there? Are API that? Are secrets out there? Are API keys out there? What could people do now keys out there? What could people do now keys out there? What could people do now that this is out there? And as you start that this is out there? And as you start that this is out there? And as you start to deploy more workflows, whether that's to deploy more workflows, whether that's to deploy more workflows, whether that's an NEN or whether that's in code like an NEN or whether that's in code like an NEN or whether that's in code like this, you'll start to understand the this, you'll start to understand the this, you'll start to understand the things to look out for. But you also things to look out for. But you also things to look out for. But you also have one of the smartest reasoning and have one of the smartest reasoning and have one of the smartest reasoning and coding models right here in front of coding models right here in front of coding models right here in front of you. So, you might as well just ask it, you. So, you might as well just ask it, you. So, you might as well just ask it, hey, check the code and let me know if hey, check the code and let me know if hey, check the code and let me know if there are any risks. So the security there are any risks. So the security there are any risks. So the security review came back and it found three review came back and it found three review came back and it found three critical issues that need attention. But critical issues that need attention. But critical issues that need attention. But the good news is nothing is vulnerable the good news is nothing is vulnerable the good news is nothing is vulnerable and there's not a GitHub repo. So and there's not a GitHub repo. So and there's not a GitHub repo. So nothing's been committed out there nothing's been committed out there nothing's been committed out there publicly and everything is going to be publicly and everything is going to be publicly and everything is going to be stored as a modal secret. So the API stored as a modal secret. So the API stored as a modal secret. So the API keys and the JSON token. So nothing will keys and the JSON token. So nothing will keys and the JSON token. So nothing will be committed to any repository. So we're be committed to any repository. So we're be committed to any repository. So we're good to go. And basically from there it good to go. And basically from there it good to go. And basically from there it came back with a plan once more and I came back with a plan once more and I came back with a plan once more and I have approved it. So it's going ahead have approved it. So it's going ahead have approved it. So it's going ahead right now and it's creating the right now and it's creating the right now and it's creating the different tools and the different things different tools and the different things different tools and the different things that we need to actually be able to that we need to actually be able to that we need to actually be able to write this over to modal and then we'll write this over to modal and then we'll write this over to modal and then we'll go ahead and test it out over there. So go ahead and test it out over there. So go ahead and test it out over there. So our deployment is now complete. It had our deployment is now complete. It had our deployment is now complete. It had to update the scripts to make sure that to update the scripts to make sure that to update the scripts to make sure that they could actually have the right they could actually have the right they could actually have the right environment variable path. It had to environment variable path. It had to environment variable path. It had to create a modal deployment file. So it create a modal deployment file. So it create a modal deployment file. So it actually just understands the process of actually just understands the process of actually just understands the process of what it just did and schedule the cron what it just did and schedule the cron what it just did and schedule the cron or the schedule trigger. And then it had or the schedule trigger. And then it had or the schedule trigger. And then it had to create modal secrets that we could to create modal secrets that we could to create modal secrets that we could store over there. So it is now deployed store over there. So it is now deployed store over there. So it is now deployed and scheduled. So if I click on this and scheduled. So if I click on this and scheduled. So if I click on this link, this will bring us to our modal link, this will bring us to our modal link, this will bring us to our modal environment right here. And what you can environment right here. And what you can environment right here. And what you can see is that we have two different apps. see is that we have two different apps. see is that we have two different apps. We have the analytics and then we have We have the analytics and then we have We have the analytics and then we have the analytics manual. So it had to do a the analytics manual. So it had to do a the analytics manual. So it had to do a manual run just to see if it worked. So manual run just to see if it worked. So manual run just to see if it worked. So this is the actual app. So if I go back this is the actual app. So if I go back this is the actual app. So if I go back to the main dashboard, you can see that to the main dashboard, you can see that to the main dashboard, you can see that we have this app and there's kind of we have this app and there's kind of we have this app and there's kind of like the two different like endpoints. like the two different like endpoints. like the two different like endpoints. But if I open up the app, we can see the But if I open up the app, we can see the But if I open up the app, we can see the overview. We can see deployment history. overview. We can see deployment history. overview. We can see deployment history. So as you change something in cloud code So as you change something in cloud code So as you change something in cloud code and then push it back over here, you'll and then push it back over here, you'll and then push it back over here, you'll see a different version. And then you see a different version. And then you see a different version. And then you can also see the app logs when it's can also see the app logs when it's can also see the app logs when it's running. So, when I click into the running. So, when I click into the running. So, when I click into the YouTube analytics one, the one that will YouTube analytics one, the one that will YouTube analytics one, the one that will be live, it says the next run will be in be live, it says the next run will be in be live, it says the next run will be in 5 days. So, it's scheduled at 6:00 a.m. 5 days. So, it's scheduled at 6:00 a.m. 5 days. So, it's scheduled at 6:00 a.m. only on Mondays America Chicago time. only on Mondays America Chicago time. only on Mondays America Chicago time. But what I'm going to do just to prove But what I'm going to do just to prove But what I'm going to do just to prove to you guys this is working or at least to you guys this is working or at least to you guys this is working or at least test if it is working is we can actually test if it is working is we can actually test if it is working is we can actually just go ahead and run one right now. So, just go ahead and run one right now. So, just go ahead and run one right now. So, I scheduled an immediate run. We're I scheduled an immediate run. We're I scheduled an immediate run. We're going to see this pop open right here going to see this pop open right here going to see this pop open right here and we're going to see the fact that and we're going to see the fact that and we're going to see the fact that it's running right now. As you can see, it's running right now. As you can see, it's running right now. As you can see, it took 2 seconds to start up and now it took 2 seconds to start up and now it took 2 seconds to start up and now it's running. And then we'll see the it's running. And then we'll see the it's running. And then we'll see the result of that execution. And actually, result of that execution. And actually, result of that execution. And actually, I'm glad that this just failed cuz I can I'm glad that this just failed cuz I can I'm glad that this just failed cuz I can show you what you need to do. But this show you what you need to do. But this show you what you need to do. But this failed, right? So we'll click into this. failed, right? So we'll click into this. failed, right? So we'll click into this. And when you click into each of the And when you click into each of the And when you click into each of the runs, you'll basically be able to see runs, you'll basically be able to see runs, you'll basically be able to see the logs and the executions. So in the the logs and the executions. So in the the logs and the executions. So in the log, this is what actually shows us like log, this is what actually shows us like log, this is what actually shows us like why it failed and what happened. So I why it failed and what happened. So I why it failed and what happened. So I don't really know what this means, don't really know what this means, don't really know what this means, right? All I'm going to do is copy this right? All I'm going to do is copy this right? All I'm going to do is copy this entire string of text. We're going to go entire string of text. We're going to go entire string of text. We're going to go back into cloud code and I'm actually back into cloud code and I'm actually back into cloud code and I'm actually going to go ahead and clear this because going to go ahead and clear this because going to go ahead and clear this because we're at 64% context. So just going to we're at 64% context. So just going to we're at 64% context. So just going to restart fresh. So, I just tried to do a restart fresh. So, I just tried to do a restart fresh. So, I just tried to do a manual run of our YouTube weekly report manual run of our YouTube weekly report manual run of our YouTube weekly report app in modal and this is the error that app in modal and this is the error that app in modal and this is the error that I got. And then I paste in all that I got. And then I paste in all that I got. And then I paste in all that messy stuff and shoot it off. Okay, so messy stuff and shoot it off. Okay, so messy stuff and shoot it off. Okay, so because we tested so much and we were because we tested so much and we were because we tested so much and we were using the free tier of the YouTube data using the free tier of the YouTube data using the free tier of the YouTube data API, we actually just hit the daily API, we actually just hit the daily API, we actually just hit the daily limit, which was about 10,000 units and limit, which was about 10,000 units and limit, which was about 10,000 units and we exceeded that because we were doing we exceeded that because we were doing we exceeded that because we were doing so much testing to see how well this so much testing to see how well this so much testing to see how well this thing would work. The good news is if thing would work. The good news is if thing would work. The good news is if this is actually running weekly, we will this is actually running weekly, we will this is actually running weekly, we will never hit that daily quota limit. So, never hit that daily quota limit. So, never hit that daily quota limit. So, we're fine. But the bad news is we're we're fine. But the bad news is we're we're fine. But the bad news is we're not going to test this one right now. not going to test this one right now. not going to test this one right now. But at least it does suggest other But at least it does suggest other But at least it does suggest other options and some longer term fixes. But options and some longer term fixes. But options and some longer term fixes. But it's okay because I did want to end off it's okay because I did want to end off it's okay because I did want to end off by showing how you could deploy by showing how you could deploy by showing how you could deploy something with a web hook trigger rather something with a web hook trigger rather something with a web hook trigger rather than a schedule trigger. So what I did than a schedule trigger. So what I did than a schedule trigger. So what I did is I came into this other workflow that is I came into this other workflow that is I came into this other workflow that I built the other day which is a very I built the other day which is a very I built the other day which is a very simple lead web hook notification. So it simple lead web hook notification. So it simple lead web hook notification. So it has a web hook as the trigger. We would has a web hook as the trigger. We would has a web hook as the trigger. We would see a company name and some other data. see a company name and some other data. see a company name and some other data. We would research the company with We would research the company with We would research the company with Replexity and then send an email Replexity and then send an email Replexity and then send an email notification. And so I basically just notification. And so I basically just notification. And so I basically just said, "Hey Cloud Code, can you push this said, "Hey Cloud Code, can you push this said, "Hey Cloud Code, can you push this workflow onto modal as we did earlier?" workflow onto modal as we did earlier?" workflow onto modal as we did earlier?" And now we have this app in our modal. And now we have this app in our modal. And now we have this app in our modal. As you can see, lead-web hook. So what As you can see, lead-web hook. So what As you can see, lead-web hook. So what I'm going to do is go to Postman. So we I'm going to do is go to Postman. So we I'm going to do is go to Postman. So we can actually hit that web hook just to can actually hit that web hook just to can actually hit that web hook just to simulate what would happen. We've got simulate what would happen. We've got simulate what would happen. We've got the address, we've got the body, and the address, we've got the body, and the address, we've got the body, and I'll shoot this off. And what this is I'll shoot this off. And what this is I'll shoot this off. And what this is going to do is it's going to trigger going to do is it's going to trigger going to do is it's going to trigger this form endpoint in modal. So I'll this form endpoint in modal. So I'll this form endpoint in modal. So I'll click into that one. And you can see click into that one. And you can see click into that one. And you can see right now we have a status of pending. right now we have a status of pending. right now we have a status of pending. This one's going to start running. And This one's going to start running. And This one's going to start running. And then it will show that we actually get then it will show that we actually get then it will show that we actually get the email in Gmail. And so this is the email in Gmail. And so this is the email in Gmail. And so this is really just to show that once you have really just to show that once you have really just to show that once you have your stuff up and running in modal, it your stuff up and running in modal, it your stuff up and running in modal, it will work. And you can also do it based will work. And you can also do it based will work. And you can also do it based on web hooks rather than just doing it on web hooks rather than just doing it on web hooks rather than just doing it on a cron. So that looks like it on a cron. So that looks like it on a cron. So that looks like it finished up. We can see that we just got finished up. We can see that we just got finished up. We can see that we just got this email for the new lead Chipotle this email for the new lead Chipotle this email for the new lead Chipotle where it did some research about them where it did some research about them where it did some research about them and then obviously it gave us a and then obviously it gave us a and then obviously it gave us a notification here. And now what you notification here. And now what you notification here. And now what you could do is because you just went could do is because you just went could do is because you just went through the process of deploying a through the process of deploying a through the process of deploying a workflow to modal and you know that it workflow to modal and you know that it workflow to modal and you know that it works because you just validated that works because you just validated that works because you just validated that it's working. You have all of that it's working. You have all of that it's working. You have all of that history right there. And what you could history right there. And what you could history right there. And what you could do is say, "Okay, cool. Keep this stored do is say, "Okay, cool. Keep this stored do is say, "Okay, cool. Keep this stored either in my claw.md file or let's either in my claw.md file or let's either in my claw.md file or let's create this as a skill so that every create this as a skill so that every create this as a skill so that every time later when you're building a time later when you're building a time later when you're building a workflow and you want to actually push workflow and you want to actually push workflow and you want to actually push it to modal, you have all that it to modal, you have all that it to modal, you have all that information already there, whether information already there, whether information already there, whether that's a skill or whether it's in the that's a skill or whether it's in the that's a skill or whether it's in the system prompt of cloud.md." So, I hope system prompt of cloud.md." So, I hope system prompt of cloud.md." So, I hope you guys at this point can see how you guys at this point can see how you guys at this point can see how Claude Code makes this stuff really, Claude Code makes this stuff really, Claude Code makes this stuff really, really easy to get automations up and really easy to get automations up and really easy to get automations up and running. Whether that means an running. Whether that means an running. Whether that means an automation that you want to be there for automation that you want to be there for automation that you want to be there for and you trigger kind of to use as like a and you trigger kind of to use as like a and you trigger kind of to use as like a personal assistant or an automation that personal assistant or an automation that personal assistant or an automation that you actually want to host somewhere and you actually want to host somewhere and you actually want to host somewhere and have it run on some sort of trigger and have it run on some sort of trigger and have it run on some sort of trigger and you can tap into all the skills that you can tap into all the skills that you can tap into all the skills that other people have been building and other people have been building and other people have been building and using because you can find those using because you can find those using because you can find those publicly and then just add those to your publicly and then just add those to your publicly and then just add those to your own instance. So now you have the super own instance. So now you have the super own instance. So now you have the super smart model like Sonnet 4.5, Opus 4.5 smart model like Sonnet 4.5, Opus 4.5 smart model like Sonnet 4.5, Opus 4.5 paired with all of these really good paired with all of these really good paired with all of these really good prompts and really good like MCP prompts and really good like MCP prompts and really good like MCP servers. So you can pretty much do servers. So you can pretty much do servers. So you can pretty much do anything in that environment. The more anything in that environment. The more anything in that environment. The more you start to use it, the more you'll you start to use it, the more you'll you start to use it, the more you'll realize that you don't have to actually realize that you don't have to actually realize that you don't have to actually switch around to a bunch of different switch around to a bunch of different switch around to a bunch of different Chrome tabs and different apps on your Chrome tabs and different apps on your Chrome tabs and different apps on your desktop. You can do a lot of the stuff desktop. You can do a lot of the stuff desktop. You can do a lot of the stuff that you need to do just in the cloud that you need to do just in the cloud that you need to do just in the cloud code environment itself. So once again, code environment itself. So once again, code environment itself. So once again, that claw.md file that you guys can that claw.md file that you guys can that claw.md file that you guys can access for free will be in my free access for free will be in my free access for free will be in my free school community. The link for that will school community. The link for that will school community. The link for that will be down in the description. So I've been using Cloud Code for a So I've been using Cloud Code for a So I've been using Cloud Code for a while now, and I opened up trigger.dev while now, and I opened up trigger.dev while now, and I opened up trigger.dev for the first time, I'm not kidding you, for the first time, I'm not kidding you, for the first time, I'm not kidding you, like an hour and a half ago, and I've like an hour and a half ago, and I've like an hour and a half ago, and I've already got a couple really nice already got a couple really nice already got a couple really nice automations and agents set up. I can automations and agents set up. I can automations and agents set up. I can already tell that this combination is already tell that this combination is already tell that this combination is going to be a core piece of my workflow, going to be a core piece of my workflow, going to be a core piece of my workflow, whether it's internally or for clients. whether it's internally or for clients. whether it's internally or for clients. And this combination of Cloud Code and And this combination of Cloud Code and And this combination of Cloud Code and Trigger Dev, is insanely powerful. So, Trigger Dev, is insanely powerful. So, Trigger Dev, is insanely powerful. So, the first thing I tried was just the first thing I tried was just the first thing I tried was just building a workflow to scrape Nate B. building a workflow to scrape Nate B. building a workflow to scrape Nate B. Jones YouTube videos. He's like my Jones YouTube videos. He's like my Jones YouTube videos. He's like my favorite AI news channel. And it would favorite AI news channel. And it would favorite AI news channel. And it would check if he's got a new video. If yes, check if he's got a new video. If yes, check if he's got a new video. If yes, it would give me the key highlights. If it would give me the key highlights. If it would give me the key highlights. If no, it would do nothing. And so, this is no, it would do nothing. And so, this is no, it would do nothing. And so, this is what the result looks like with minimal what the result looks like with minimal what the result looks like with minimal prompting. We've got the YouTube video. prompting. We've got the YouTube video. prompting. We've got the YouTube video. We've got key concepts, quotes worth We've got key concepts, quotes worth We've got key concepts, quotes worth remembering, stats, and data. So that's remembering, stats, and data. So that's remembering, stats, and data. So that's cool because I spun this up in like 10 cool because I spun this up in like 10 cool because I spun this up in like 10 minutes, but really it's not that minutes, but really it's not that minutes, but really it's not that impressive. But then I thought to impressive. But then I thought to impressive. But then I thought to myself, because of the way that myself, because of the way that myself, because of the way that trigger.dev works, I want to put an trigger.dev works, I want to put an trigger.dev works, I want to put an agent in the cloud. So what I did is I agent in the cloud. So what I did is I agent in the cloud. So what I did is I built an agent that watches this list in built an agent that watches this list in built an agent that watches this list in my ClickUp. And whenever I put in a my ClickUp. And whenever I put in a my ClickUp. And whenever I put in a company as a task, it will basically do company as a task, it will basically do company as a task, it will basically do research about them. So I put this in, research about them. So I put this in, research about them. So I put this in, it triggers the agent, it does research, it triggers the agent, it does research, it triggers the agent, it does research, and then it comes back and leaves a and then it comes back and leaves a and then it comes back and leaves a comment for me. But not only that, but comment for me. But not only that, but comment for me. But not only that, but the agent can also conversate with me in the agent can also conversate with me in the agent can also conversate with me in here. So this one for Enthropic, I said, here. So this one for Enthropic, I said, here. So this one for Enthropic, I said, "Hey, does this company have a recent "Hey, does this company have a recent "Hey, does this company have a recent valuation?" And it did more research and valuation?" And it did more research and valuation?" And it did more research and came back to me. So, this is not just a came back to me. So, this is not just a came back to me. So, this is not just a deterministic 1 2 3 4 5 type of deterministic 1 2 3 4 5 type of deterministic 1 2 3 4 5 type of automation. This is a non-deterministic automation. This is a non-deterministic automation. This is a non-deterministic I have different tools. I need to decide I have different tools. I need to decide I have different tools. I need to decide what loop I need to go in. And that's what loop I need to go in. And that's what loop I need to go in. And that's where I was like, okay, wow, I just did where I was like, okay, wow, I just did where I was like, okay, wow, I just did all of this in like 20 minutes. This is all of this in like 20 minutes. This is all of this in like 20 minutes. This is cool. So, by the end of this video, you cool. So, by the end of this video, you cool. So, by the end of this video, you will understand exactly how you can will understand exactly how you can will understand exactly how you can build workflows and agents in cloud build workflows and agents in cloud build workflows and agents in cloud code, put them on trigger.dev, and code, put them on trigger.dev, and code, put them on trigger.dev, and automate pretty much anything. So, automate pretty much anything. So, automate pretty much anything. So, before we jump into building, let's just before we jump into building, let's just before we jump into building, let's just get on the same page. We use cloud code get on the same page. We use cloud code get on the same page. We use cloud code to describe what we want in plain to describe what we want in plain to describe what we want in plain English. This could be saying something English. This could be saying something English. This could be saying something as simple as, "I want to monitor YouTube as simple as, "I want to monitor YouTube as simple as, "I want to monitor YouTube for new AI videos and send me a daily for new AI videos and send me a daily for new AI videos and send me a daily summary." Cloud Code will then say, summary." Cloud Code will then say, summary." Cloud Code will then say, "Okay, well, to do this, I need X, Y, "Okay, well, to do this, I need X, Y, "Okay, well, to do this, I need X, Y, and Z from you." So, it turns a vague and Z from you." So, it turns a vague and Z from you." So, it turns a vague request into an actual working request into an actual working request into an actual working automation. Then, it goes ahead and it automation. Then, it goes ahead and it automation. Then, it goes ahead and it starts writing its code. And like I starts writing its code. And like I starts writing its code. And like I said, these can be simple tasks like said, these can be simple tasks like said, these can be simple tasks like fetching data from an API, or they can fetching data from an API, or they can fetching data from an API, or they can actually be kind of complex agents that actually be kind of complex agents that actually be kind of complex agents that have different tools and have different have different tools and have different have different tools and have different actions they can take and they have to actions they can take and they have to actions they can take and they have to decide when is good enough. And that decide when is good enough. And that decide when is good enough. And that actual automation or that agent is code actual automation or that agent is code actual automation or that agent is code and that is basically a project and and that is basically a project and and that is basically a project and that's like a file. And then what we that's like a file. And then what we that's like a file. And then what we need to do is get that out of our local need to do is get that out of our local need to do is get that out of our local cloud code environment on our laptop or cloud code environment on our laptop or cloud code environment on our laptop or our desktop and put that into our desktop and put that into our desktop and put that into trigger.dev on the cloud so that these trigger.dev on the cloud so that these trigger.dev on the cloud so that these can actually run all the time. And so in can actually run all the time. And so in can actually run all the time. And so in past cloud code videos, you might have past cloud code videos, you might have past cloud code videos, you might have seen me use something like modal. So why seen me use something like modal. So why seen me use something like modal. So why are we using trigger.dev over modal are we using trigger.dev over modal are we using trigger.dev over modal today? It's just a lot more flexible. It today? It's just a lot more flexible. It today? It's just a lot more flexible. It has scheduled runs. It has automatic has scheduled runs. It has automatic has scheduled runs. It has automatic retries. It's got queuing. It's got retries. It's got queuing. It's got retries. It's got queuing. It's got orchestration, which is the element of orchestration, which is the element of orchestration, which is the element of different tasks and things like that, different tasks and things like that, different tasks and things like that, which is really cool. And I just think which is really cool. And I just think which is really cool. And I just think it's got a much cleaner UI as well. So, it's got a much cleaner UI as well. So, it's got a much cleaner UI as well. So, here's my current project in trigger.dev here's my current project in trigger.dev here's my current project in trigger.dev in production mode. And you can see that in production mode. And you can see that in production mode. And you can see that I've got basically these six different I've got basically these six different I've got basically these six different kind of tasks. These three are the kind of tasks. These three are the kind of tasks. These three are the actual tools. So, this is the process actual tools. So, this is the process actual tools. So, this is the process video. This is the responder agent. This video. This is the responder agent. This video. This is the responder agent. This is the researcher agent. And then these is the researcher agent. And then these is the researcher agent. And then these ones with a clock next to them are ones with a clock next to them are ones with a clock next to them are schedule tasks. So, we've got the schedule tasks. So, we've got the schedule tasks. So, we've got the YouTube checker, we've got the research YouTube checker, we've got the research YouTube checker, we've got the research polar, and the follow-up polar. If I go polar, and the follow-up polar. If I go polar, and the follow-up polar. If I go over here on the lefth hand side to over here on the lefth hand side to over here on the lefth hand side to schedules, you can see how often these schedules, you can see how often these schedules, you can see how often these run. So these two run every 2 minutes run. So these two run every 2 minutes run. So these two run every 2 minutes and this one runs every 8 hours. If I go and this one runs every 8 hours. If I go and this one runs every 8 hours. If I go to runs, you can see all of the to runs, you can see all of the to runs, you can see all of the different runs that we've had, whether different runs that we've had, whether different runs that we've had, whether they have been completed or whether they have been completed or whether they have been completed or whether they've failed. And so I filtered to they've failed. And so I filtered to they've failed. And so I filtered to show you a failed run because I wanted show you a failed run because I wanted show you a failed run because I wanted to see the retry. So this was a ClickUp to see the retry. So this was a ClickUp to see the retry. So this was a ClickUp research polar and what happened was it research polar and what happened was it research polar and what happened was it failed and so it adds a delay and then failed and so it adds a delay and then failed and so it adds a delay and then it tries again. So it has this automatic it tries again. So it has this automatic it tries again. So it has this automatic retry built into it which is really retry built into it which is really retry built into it which is really cool. And when we're watching these cool. And when we're watching these cool. And when we're watching these agents or tasks run live, we see exactly agents or tasks run live, we see exactly agents or tasks run live, we see exactly every step that they're making and we every step that they're making and we every step that they're making and we see how long they take on each step. So, see how long they take on each step. So, see how long they take on each step. So, I'll do a live demo and I'll show you I'll do a live demo and I'll show you I'll do a live demo and I'll show you guys this. All right, so I'm in my guys this. All right, so I'm in my guys this. All right, so I'm in my ClickUp and what I'm going to do is add ClickUp and what I'm going to do is add ClickUp and what I'm going to do is add a new task and I'm just going to go a new task and I'm just going to go a new task and I'm just going to go ahead and say Nvidia and I'm going to ahead and say Nvidia and I'm going to ahead and say Nvidia and I'm going to save that. And now that that has been save that. And now that that has been save that. And now that that has been processed, we're going to have to wait processed, we're going to have to wait processed, we're going to have to wait in here and we'll see the ClickUp in here and we'll see the ClickUp in here and we'll see the ClickUp research polar start up and then it will research polar start up and then it will research polar start up and then it will basically say, "Okay, cool. I found a basically say, "Okay, cool. I found a basically say, "Okay, cool. I found a new task and I'm going to send that to new task and I'm going to send that to new task and I'm going to send that to the company researcher agent." So right the company researcher agent." So right the company researcher agent." So right here we can see that that got picked up. here we can see that that got picked up. here we can see that that got picked up. It got sent to the researcher. And if I It got sent to the researcher. And if I It got sent to the researcher. And if I open the researcher, which is currently open the researcher, which is currently open the researcher, which is currently executing, you can see it live running. executing, you can see it live running. executing, you can see it live running. So we can see right here that it's So we can see right here that it's So we can see right here that it's running for Nvidia, which is the one running for Nvidia, which is the one running for Nvidia, which is the one that we just put in here. Right now, that we just put in here. Right now, that we just put in here. Right now, Claude is calling its search web tool, Claude is calling its search web tool, Claude is calling its search web tool, and it called it twice. It actually and it called it twice. It actually and it called it twice. It actually decided I'm going to invoke it one more decided I'm going to invoke it one more decided I'm going to invoke it one more time to make sure I get a comprehensive time to make sure I get a comprehensive time to make sure I get a comprehensive research report. Now it's using a read research report. Now it's using a read research report. Now it's using a read URL tool. It's using another read URL URL tool. It's using another read URL URL tool. It's using another read URL tool. So maybe it found two websites to tool. So maybe it found two websites to tool. So maybe it found two websites to look at. And there we go. After about 45 look at. And there we go. After about 45 look at. And there we go. After about 45 seconds, it has finished. So now if I seconds, it has finished. So now if I seconds, it has finished. So now if I open up ClickUp and we go to Nvidia, we open up ClickUp and we go to Nvidia, we open up ClickUp and we go to Nvidia, we can see that this is now marked as can see that this is now marked as can see that this is now marked as complete. And when I click on it over complete. And when I click on it over complete. And when I click on it over here, we can see that we got a full here, we can see that we got a full here, we can see that we got a full research brief about Nvidia. And so now research brief about Nvidia. And so now research brief about Nvidia. And so now if I come into this task and I say at if I come into this task and I say at if I come into this task and I say at UPAI, how is their stock doing? It's UPAI, how is their stock doing? It's UPAI, how is their stock doing? It's going to read this. But keep in mind, it going to read this. But keep in mind, it going to read this. But keep in mind, it has to come in here and it has to read has to come in here and it has to read has to come in here and it has to read the context to make sure it knows who is the context to make sure it knows who is the context to make sure it knows who is they in this case when I just said how they in this case when I just said how they in this case when I just said how is their stock doing. And if I go back is their stock doing. And if I go back is their stock doing. And if I go back to runs, you can see that the follow-up to runs, you can see that the follow-up to runs, you can see that the follow-up responder is now executing. If I click responder is now executing. If I click responder is now executing. If I click into it, we should be able to watch it into it, we should be able to watch it into it, we should be able to watch it actually looking at this task searching actually looking at this task searching actually looking at this task searching the web. And now after about 22 seconds, the web. And now after about 22 seconds, the web. And now after about 22 seconds, this one has finished. I'm going to open this one has finished. I'm going to open this one has finished. I'm going to open up ClickUp. And we should be able to up ClickUp. And we should be able to up ClickUp. And we should be able to scroll down and see that we just got a scroll down and see that we just got a scroll down and see that we just got a response right here from Upet AI. Okay, response right here from Upet AI. Okay, response right here from Upet AI. Okay, so just a little quick demo and wanted so just a little quick demo and wanted so just a little quick demo and wanted to show you guys what trigger.dev looks to show you guys what trigger.dev looks to show you guys what trigger.dev looks like before we actually get in there and like before we actually get in there and like before we actually get in there and we build one out ourselves. And I know we build one out ourselves. And I know we build one out ourselves. And I know these aren't the most impressive things these aren't the most impressive things these aren't the most impressive things in the world, but keep in mind all of in the world, but keep in mind all of in the world, but keep in mind all of these were oneshot prompted and I built these were oneshot prompted and I built these were oneshot prompted and I built these in the past like 45 minutes. Okay, these in the past like 45 minutes. Okay, these in the past like 45 minutes. Okay, now hopping into cloud code. This is the now hopping into cloud code. This is the now hopping into cloud code. This is the cloud workflow builder project that I cloud workflow builder project that I cloud workflow builder project that I just set up and I started building these just set up and I started building these just set up and I started building these workflows in. If you've never used cloud workflows in. If you've never used cloud workflows in. If you've never used cloud code before, then I would definitely code before, then I would definitely code before, then I would definitely recommend you hop over to this video. recommend you hop over to this video. recommend you hop over to this video. I'll link it right up here. And then I'll link it right up here. And then I'll link it right up here. And then once you understand like the interface once you understand like the interface once you understand like the interface and how the files work and everything and how the files work and everything and how the files work and everything like that, then come back and it will like that, then come back and it will like that, then come back and it will make a lot more sense. make a lot more sense. make a lot more sense. So, what I'm going to do in this video So, what I'm going to do in this video So, what I'm going to do in this video is I'm going to create a brand new is I'm going to create a brand new is I'm going to create a brand new project and walk through everything with project and walk through everything with project and walk through everything with you guys step by step so you can see you guys step by step so you can see you guys step by step so you can see exactly how it works. But real quick exactly how it works. But real quick exactly how it works. But real quick before we do that, I just wanted to show before we do that, I just wanted to show before we do that, I just wanted to show you kind of what this end result looks you kind of what this end result looks you kind of what this end result looks like. Because these folders and files like. Because these folders and files like. Because these folders and files build up as you build more workflows. build up as you build more workflows. build up as you build more workflows. Really, the main thing that I wanted to Really, the main thing that I wanted to Really, the main thing that I wanted to show you guys is where those TypeScript show you guys is where those TypeScript show you guys is where those TypeScript files actually live, which is right here files actually live, which is right here files actually live, which is right here in a SRC. We've got the trigger folder, in a SRC. We've got the trigger folder, in a SRC. We've got the trigger folder, which is trigger.dev, and then I've got which is trigger.dev, and then I've got which is trigger.dev, and then I've got two different folders for the different two different folders for the different two different folders for the different types of workflows. We've got the AI types of workflows. We've got the AI types of workflows. We've got the AI news digest, which is the two, you know, news digest, which is the two, you know, news digest, which is the two, you know, the process video typescript, and the the process video typescript, and the the process video typescript, and the YouTube check type script, which you YouTube check type script, which you YouTube check type script, which you guys saw right here. YouTube check and guys saw right here. YouTube check and guys saw right here. YouTube check and process video. And then we have the process video. And then we have the process video. And then we have the company research ones, the two polars company research ones, the two polars company research ones, the two polars and the responder and the researcher and the responder and the researcher and the responder and the researcher agent, which you guys saw right here, agent, which you guys saw right here, agent, which you guys saw right here, the two polars and the researcher and the two polars and the researcher and the two polars and the researcher and responder. So really what I wanted to do responder. So really what I wanted to do responder. So really what I wanted to do there is just contextualize for you guys there is just contextualize for you guys there is just contextualize for you guys how cloud code helps us build these how cloud code helps us build these how cloud code helps us build these TypeScript files and then we push those TypeScript files and then we push those TypeScript files and then we push those to trigger and then they can actually to trigger and then they can actually to trigger and then they can actually run live. But I did promise you guys run live. But I did promise you guys run live. But I did promise you guys we're going to do all of this together. we're going to do all of this together. we're going to do all of this together. So I'm going to go ahead and open up a So I'm going to go ahead and open up a So I'm going to go ahead and open up a new folder here. I made a new folder new folder here. I made a new folder new folder here. I made a new folder called trigger demo and it's completely called trigger demo and it's completely called trigger demo and it's completely blank. And now you guys should have your blank. And now you guys should have your blank. And now you guys should have your Claude Code instance looking exactly Claude Code instance looking exactly Claude Code instance looking exactly like I do. And by the way, I am using like I do. And by the way, I am using like I do. And by the way, I am using this in VS Code. So I'm going to close this in VS Code. So I'm going to close this in VS Code. So I'm going to close out of this stuff. Open up Claude Code. out of this stuff. Open up Claude Code. out of this stuff. Open up Claude Code. And we are now on the same page. So the And we are now on the same page. So the And we are now on the same page. So the first thing I want you to do is go over first thing I want you to do is go over first thing I want you to do is go over to my free school community. The link to my free school community. The link to my free school community. The link for that's down in the description. Go for that's down in the description. Go for that's down in the description. Go to the classroom. Go to Claude Code and to the classroom. Go to Claude Code and to the classroom. Go to Claude Code and go to the trigger.dev section right go to the trigger.dev section right go to the trigger.dev section right here. And you're going to grab the here. And you're going to grab the here. And you're going to grab the claw.md file and the trigger ref.md claw.md file and the trigger ref.md claw.md file and the trigger ref.md file. You're going to download both of file. You're going to download both of file. You're going to download both of those. And then you're basically just those. And then you're basically just those. And then you're basically just going to drag both of those in to the going to drag both of those in to the going to drag both of those in to the lefth hand side right over here. I'm not lefth hand side right over here. I'm not lefth hand side right over here. I'm not going to dive super super deep into going to dive super super deep into going to dive super super deep into this, but the trigger ref file is this, but the trigger ref file is this, but the trigger ref file is basically like the trigger.dev API basically like the trigger.dev API basically like the trigger.dev API reference and how to do TypeScript. And reference and how to do TypeScript. And reference and how to do TypeScript. And that's important because in the bottom that's important because in the bottom that's important because in the bottom of the claw.md file, we tell it to look of the claw.md file, we tell it to look of the claw.md file, we tell it to look here if it ever needs to look at code here if it ever needs to look at code here if it ever needs to look at code examples, patterns, and things like examples, patterns, and things like examples, patterns, and things like that. So now that you guys have the that. So now that you guys have the that. So now that you guys have the claw.md file in here, you've got the claw.md file in here, you've got the claw.md file in here, you've got the trigger refile in here. We're going to trigger refile in here. We're going to trigger refile in here. We're going to be able to build automations a lot be able to build automations a lot be able to build automations a lot easier now. All right. So, what I'm easier now. All right. So, what I'm easier now. All right. So, what I'm going to do is give Cloud Code a pretty going to do is give Cloud Code a pretty going to do is give Cloud Code a pretty vague request. I'm just not even going vague request. I'm just not even going vague request. I'm just not even going to use plan mode, and I'm going to show to use plan mode, and I'm going to show to use plan mode, and I'm going to show you how good it's going to be. I need you how good it's going to be. I need you how good it's going to be. I need you to build me an automation that's you to build me an automation that's you to build me an automation that's going to go off every single Monday, and going to go off every single Monday, and going to go off every single Monday, and it's going to search the web, and it's it's going to search the web, and it's it's going to search the web, and it's going to find me um leads. It's going to going to find me um leads. It's going to going to find me um leads. It's going to find me dental practices that I can sell find me dental practices that I can sell find me dental practices that I can sell websites to. So, I'm going to shoot that websites to. So, I'm going to shoot that websites to. So, I'm going to shoot that off. And what it's going to do first of off. And what it's going to do first of off. And what it's going to do first of all is it's reading the claw. I'm all is it's reading the claw. I'm all is it's reading the claw. I'm defiled to figure out what its goal is. defiled to figure out what its goal is. defiled to figure out what its goal is. And hopefully it should come back and And hopefully it should come back and And hopefully it should come back and ask us some questions so that it knows ask us some questions so that it knows ask us some questions so that it knows how to build this workflow well because how to build this workflow well because how to build this workflow well because we didn't tell it anything about text we didn't tell it anything about text we didn't tell it anything about text stack or hardly anything at all and it stack or hardly anything at all and it stack or hardly anything at all and it needs to write this automation really needs to write this automation really needs to write this automation really well for us. So the first thing it does well for us. So the first thing it does well for us. So the first thing it does is it asks us where should the leads be is it asks us where should the leads be is it asks us where should the leads be delivered each Monday and I'm just going delivered each Monday and I'm just going delivered each Monday and I'm just going to go ahead and say ClickUp. For to go ahead and say ClickUp. For to go ahead and say ClickUp. For location it says where should it be location it says where should it be location it says where should it be searching? I'm just going to say searching? I'm just going to say searching? I'm just going to say nationwide. And then the final one is do nationwide. And then the final one is do nationwide. And then the final one is do you have SER API, Google Maps, anything you have SER API, Google Maps, anything you have SER API, Google Maps, anything like that set up? And I'm actually for like that set up? And I'm actually for like that set up? And I'm actually for this one going to click other and I'm this one going to click other and I'm this one going to click other and I'm going to say I don't yet have any of going to say I don't yet have any of going to say I don't yet have any of that set up. And ideally I don't want to that set up. And ideally I don't want to that set up. And ideally I don't want to have to pay for any sort of subscription have to pay for any sort of subscription have to pay for any sort of subscription for this. And we'll see if it can figure for this. And we'll see if it can figure for this. And we'll see if it can figure it out with that. I'm going to tell it it out with that. I'm going to tell it it out with that. I'm going to tell it to create a new list in my ClickUp. And to create a new list in my ClickUp. And to create a new list in my ClickUp. And for volume I'm just going to go ahead for volume I'm just going to go ahead for volume I'm just going to go ahead and do 25 leads small batch just to and do 25 leads small batch just to and do 25 leads small batch just to start. Now mine is going to cheat a start. Now mine is going to cheat a start. Now mine is going to cheat a little bit because in the past it's little bit because in the past it's little bit because in the past it's already used my ClickUp. But what you already used my ClickUp. But what you already used my ClickUp. But what you would need to do is it will basically would need to do is it will basically would need to do is it will basically create you av file and you will put your create you av file and you will put your create you av file and you will put your project secrets in thatv file. So that project secrets in thatv file. So that project secrets in thatv file. So that will be like your ClickUp API key or will be like your ClickUp API key or will be like your ClickUp API key or your workspace ID or your open router your workspace ID or your open router your workspace ID or your open router API key, things like that. So now it API key, things like that. So now it API key, things like that. So now it asks us if we're ready to build this asks us if we're ready to build this asks us if we're ready to build this plan. So we have our Monday dental lead plan. So we have our Monday dental lead plan. So we have our Monday dental lead generator. Every Monday at 8 a.m. we generator. Every Monday at 8 a.m. we generator. Every Monday at 8 a.m. we will search Yelp Fusion AI for dental will search Yelp Fusion AI for dental will search Yelp Fusion AI for dental practices across the US. And then we'll practices across the US. And then we'll practices across the US. And then we'll create new tasks in the dental leads create new tasks in the dental leads create new tasks in the dental leads list in ClickUp. Yelp Fusion's 100% list in ClickUp. Yelp Fusion's 100% list in ClickUp. Yelp Fusion's 100% free. Awesome. For the architecture, free. Awesome. For the architecture, free. Awesome. For the architecture, it's going to create basically two it's going to create basically two it's going to create basically two different tools. Let's call them. The different tools. Let's call them. The different tools. Let's call them. The first tool is going to find leads and first tool is going to find leads and first tool is going to find leads and the second tool is going to create the the second tool is going to create the the second tool is going to create the leads in ClickUp, which is great because leads in ClickUp, which is great because leads in ClickUp, which is great because if one thing fails, it can retry and it if one thing fails, it can retry and it if one thing fails, it can retry and it can, you know, ceue up just that one can, you know, ceue up just that one can, you know, ceue up just that one task rather than having the whole task rather than having the whole task rather than having the whole automation break. And this is awesome. automation break. And this is awesome. automation break. And this is awesome. It's automatically doing the item It's automatically doing the item It's automatically doing the item potency like I talked about earlier. And potency like I talked about earlier. And potency like I talked about earlier. And it's making sure that the same practice it's making sure that the same practice it's making sure that the same practice never gets added twice. And having this never gets added twice. And having this never gets added twice. And having this dduplication process be automatically dduplication process be automatically dduplication process be automatically taken care of is really nice. So, I'm taken care of is really nice. So, I'm taken care of is really nice. So, I'm just going to tell this to go ahead and just going to tell this to go ahead and just going to tell this to go ahead and start building. So, as usual, it starts start building. So, as usual, it starts start building. So, as usual, it starts setting up the project, as you can see, setting up the project, as you can see, setting up the project, as you can see, as well as it is creating its to-do as well as it is creating its to-do as well as it is creating its to-do list, and it's going to go through and list, and it's going to go through and list, and it's going to go through and build this out for us. Okay, it built build this out for us. Okay, it built build this out for us. Okay, it built that really fast. It said that it made a that really fast. It said that it made a that really fast. It said that it made a new ClickUp list for us, which if I go new ClickUp list for us, which if I go new ClickUp list for us, which if I go to ClickUp, we can see right here, we've to ClickUp, we can see right here, we've to ClickUp, we can see right here, we've got dental leads. It created the two got dental leads. It created the two got dental leads. It created the two type scripts. So, if I look up here, type scripts. So, if I look up here, type scripts. So, if I look up here, we've got trigger, we've got dental we've got trigger, we've got dental we've got trigger, we've got dental leads, and we have create lead as well leads, and we have create lead as well leads, and we have create lead as well as find leads. And this is the part as find leads. And this is the part as find leads. And this is the part where I said it cheated a little bit where I said it cheated a little bit where I said it cheated a little bit because it already had our list ID from because it already had our list ID from because it already had our list ID from earlier. But what we need to do now is earlier. But what we need to do now is earlier. But what we need to do now is go get our Yelp API key. So, I'm going go get our Yelp API key. So, I'm going go get our Yelp API key. So, I'm going to go grab that. And then we need to put to go grab that. And then we need to put to go grab that. And then we need to put in a ClickUp API key. Wow. So it ended in a ClickUp API key. Wow. So it ended in a ClickUp API key. Wow. So it ended up finding out that Yelp killed their up finding out that Yelp killed their up finding out that Yelp killed their free API tier. So it's going to change free API tier. So it's going to change free API tier. So it's going to change this to use SER API instead. Okay. So this to use SER API instead. Okay. So this to use SER API instead. Okay. So now it's already changed that to use SER now it's already changed that to use SER now it's already changed that to use SER API. So I've got those two API keys. And API. So I've got those two API keys. And API. So I've got those two API keys. And here's what we're going to do. We're here's what we're going to do. We're here's what we're going to do. We're going to go to the ENV and you can see going to go to the ENV and you can see going to go to the ENV and you can see that it's put this placeholder in here that it's put this placeholder in here that it's put this placeholder in here for SER and for ClickUp. So you're going for SER and for ClickUp. So you're going for SER and for ClickUp. So you're going to come in here and paste in your two to come in here and paste in your two to come in here and paste in your two API keys. And then you're going to make API keys. And then you're going to make API keys. And then you're going to make sure to save this file and then you can sure to save this file and then you can sure to save this file and then you can close out of it. Okay. So it wants to do close out of it. Okay. So it wants to do close out of it. Okay. So it wants to do its test run in the dev environment in its test run in the dev environment in its test run in the dev environment in our trigger.dev. So remember we're in our trigger.dev. So remember we're in our trigger.dev. So remember we're in production. We can also be in dev. So production. We can also be in dev. So production. We can also be in dev. So this is where we can test things. This this is where we can test things. This this is where we can test things. This is where we can make changes. And then is where we can make changes. And then is where we can make changes. And then when we're good with that, we push that when we're good with that, we push that when we're good with that, we push that to production to actually be live. So to production to actually be live. So to production to actually be live. So what I'm going to do is in my what I'm going to do is in my what I'm going to do is in my trigger.dev, I'm going to open up a new trigger.dev, I'm going to open up a new trigger.dev, I'm going to open up a new project since this is what your guys project since this is what your guys project since this is what your guys would look like. We're just going to would look like. We're just going to would look like. We're just going to call this one test. And I'm going to go call this one test. And I'm going to go call this one test. And I'm going to go ahead and create that. Now once we're in ahead and create that. Now once we're in ahead and create that. Now once we're in here, I'm going to go down to the bottom here, I'm going to go down to the bottom here, I'm going to go down to the bottom and go to project settings. And right and go to project settings. And right and go to project settings. And right here we see a project ref. So I'm going here we see a project ref. So I'm going here we see a project ref. So I'm going to copy this value. And we need to give to copy this value. And we need to give to copy this value. And we need to give this to Claude Code so it can actually this to Claude Code so it can actually this to Claude Code so it can actually move stuff into here. Okay, so it's move stuff into here. Okay, so it's move stuff into here. Okay, so it's working away right now, but you can see working away right now, but you can see working away right now, but you can see that we do have two tasks in here. We that we do have two tasks in here. We that we do have two tasks in here. We have our find dental leads and we have have our find dental leads and we have have our find dental leads and we have our create dental lead. If I go to our create dental lead. If I go to our create dental lead. If I go to schedules, we should see that the find schedules, we should see that the find schedules, we should see that the find dental leads runs at 8 a.m. only on dental leads runs at 8 a.m. only on dental leads runs at 8 a.m. only on Mondays. And now what it's doing is it's Mondays. And now what it's doing is it's Mondays. And now what it's doing is it's going to try to test it out to see if it going to try to test it out to see if it going to try to test it out to see if it actually works. But what's going to actually works. But what's going to actually works. But what's going to happen is it's probably not going to happen is it's probably not going to happen is it's probably not going to work because if you guys remember, we work because if you guys remember, we work because if you guys remember, we had to give Claude code here our env, had to give Claude code here our env, had to give Claude code here our env, you know, ClickUp API key as well as you know, ClickUp API key as well as you know, ClickUp API key as well as that SER API key. But those API keys that SER API key. But those API keys that SER API key. But those API keys don't actually get pushed anywhere. They don't actually get pushed anywhere. They don't actually get pushed anywhere. They don't get pushed to GitHub. They don't don't get pushed to GitHub. They don't don't get pushed to GitHub. They don't get pushed to trigger.dev because get pushed to trigger.dev because get pushed to trigger.dev because they're in AENV file. And if anything they're in AENV file. And if anything they're in AENV file. And if anything here has a dot before it, it's basically here has a dot before it, it's basically here has a dot before it, it's basically hidden from like commits and stuff like hidden from like commits and stuff like hidden from like commits and stuff like that. So what we actually have to do is that. So what we actually have to do is that. So what we actually have to do is we have to go into trigger.dev. We have we have to go into trigger.dev. We have we have to go into trigger.dev. We have to go all the way down here to to go all the way down here to to go all the way down here to environment variables and this is where environment variables and this is where environment variables and this is where we add those once again. So I'll click we add those once again. So I'll click we add those once again. So I'll click add new and all I have to do actually add new and all I have to do actually add new and all I have to do actually it's really simple is I come into thev it's really simple is I come into thev it's really simple is I come into thev file over here. I can copy this entire file over here. I can copy this entire file over here. I can copy this entire thing and then when I go back into thing and then when I go back into thing and then when I go back into trigger I can paste in that entire thing trigger I can paste in that entire thing trigger I can paste in that entire thing and all three of those will get put in and all three of those will get put in and all three of those will get put in not just like having to do that one by not just like having to do that one by not just like having to do that one by one. And now before you save this you're one. And now before you save this you're one. And now before you save this you're going to want to do it in development going to want to do it in development going to want to do it in development and production because there's no point and production because there's no point and production because there's no point in adding it just to development because in adding it just to development because in adding it just to development because ultimately you're going to push it to ultimately you're going to push it to ultimately you're going to push it to production. So you might as well just do production. So you might as well just do production. So you might as well just do development and production and then go development and production and then go development and production and then go ahead and save that. And now trigger ahead and save that. And now trigger ahead and save that. And now trigger when it's actually running those when it's actually running those when it's actually running those Typescript you know files it can Typescript you know files it can Typescript you know files it can actually use these API keys in its work actually use these API keys in its work actually use these API keys in its work and it will actually be successful. So and it will actually be successful. So and it will actually be successful. So what happened was this was trying to what happened was this was trying to what happened was this was trying to actually trigger a test run in trigger. actually trigger a test run in trigger. actually trigger a test run in trigger. So it was trying to do this by itself. So it was trying to do this by itself. So it was trying to do this by itself. But one thing that you can do to make But one thing that you can do to make But one thing that you can do to make this actually a lot better is you can this actually a lot better is you can this actually a lot better is you can give it the trigger.dev MCP server. So give it the trigger.dev MCP server. So give it the trigger.dev MCP server. So here's a file that you can drag into the here's a file that you can drag into the here's a file that you can drag into the lefth hand side. It basically just sets lefth hand side. It basically just sets lefth hand side. It basically just sets up the MCP configuration for up the MCP configuration for up the MCP configuration for trigger.dev. And I will also link this trigger.dev. And I will also link this trigger.dev. And I will also link this in the same exact classroom section in the same exact classroom section in the same exact classroom section right here. So you can just download it right here. So you can just download it right here. So you can just download it and drag it in. But now I can go ahead and drag it in. But now I can go ahead and drag it in. But now I can go ahead and ask it to try to test it out again. and ask it to try to test it out again. and ask it to try to test it out again. And hopefully it works and it can send And hopefully it works and it can send And hopefully it works and it can send over a payload and all that kind of over a payload and all that kind of over a payload and all that kind of stuff. And the thing I want you guys to stuff. And the thing I want you guys to stuff. And the thing I want you guys to understand too is yes, I just did this, understand too is yes, I just did this, understand too is yes, I just did this, but it it's a little bit different every but it it's a little bit different every but it it's a little bit different every time you build it because ultimately time you build it because ultimately time you build it because ultimately what's happening is we're talking to an what's happening is we're talking to an what's happening is we're talking to an AI model that thinks and has decision AI model that thinks and has decision AI model that thinks and has decision capabilities. So, if you're entering in capabilities. So, if you're entering in capabilities. So, if you're entering in the exact same prompts that I am, you the exact same prompts that I am, you the exact same prompts that I am, you might not get the exact same result. So, might not get the exact same result. So, might not get the exact same result. So, it's really just a matter of talking to it's really just a matter of talking to it's really just a matter of talking to it, asking what's wrong, and helping it it, asking what's wrong, and helping it it, asking what's wrong, and helping it out. And so, now it's asking us for a out. And so, now it's asking us for a out. And so, now it's asking us for a trigger.dev secret key. Well, let's go trigger.dev secret key. Well, let's go trigger.dev secret key. Well, let's go into trigger.dev. Let's go over here and into trigger.dev. Let's go over here and into trigger.dev. Let's go over here and go to API keys. And we need to grab this go to API keys. And we need to grab this go to API keys. And we need to grab this and give that to cloud code. But, of and give that to cloud code. But, of and give that to cloud code. But, of course, I don't want to give this course, I don't want to give this course, I don't want to give this straight into the chat. So, I'm going to straight into the chat. So, I'm going to straight into the chat. So, I'm going to say, "Hey, I've got this. Can you put a say, "Hey, I've got this. Can you put a say, "Hey, I've got this. Can you put a placeholder in thev?" And then I'll placeholder in thev?" And then I'll placeholder in thev?" And then I'll paste it in there. It's really just best paste it in there. It's really just best paste it in there. It's really just best practice to never give secrets right practice to never give secrets right practice to never give secrets right here in the chat. You want to just put here in the chat. You want to just put here in the chat. You want to just put it into like config files or usually the it into like config files or usually the it into like config files or usually the EMV. Okay, so just paste it in that API EMV. Okay, so just paste it in that API EMV. Okay, so just paste it in that API key. I've saved it and now let's see if key. I've saved it and now let's see if key. I've saved it and now let's see if it can actually restart the server and it can actually restart the server and it can actually restart the server and try to test out our workflow. This is try to test out our workflow. This is try to test out our workflow. This is why it's so tough doing like live cloud why it's so tough doing like live cloud why it's so tough doing like live cloud code demos. It's just cuz like it code demos. It's just cuz like it code demos. It's just cuz like it literally runs different every time. literally runs different every time. literally runs different every time. Okay, so it says that it triggered a Okay, so it says that it triggered a Okay, so it says that it triggered a run. Now, if I come back in here and I run. Now, if I come back in here and I run. Now, if I come back in here and I go to runs, we should see. Wow. Okay, so go to runs, we should see. Wow. Okay, so go to runs, we should see. Wow. Okay, so we actually got a lot of different runs we actually got a lot of different runs we actually got a lot of different runs come through. It was trying a lot of come through. It was trying a lot of come through. It was trying a lot of different things. These are currently different things. These are currently different things. These are currently executing right now. Oh, okay. Well, the executing right now. Oh, okay. Well, the executing right now. Oh, okay. Well, the reason why it did so many is because it reason why it did so many is because it reason why it did so many is because it had to do one create dental lead for had to do one create dental lead for had to do one create dental lead for every single lead that it found. And if every single lead that it found. And if every single lead that it found. And if I open up my ClickUp, we can see that we I open up my ClickUp, we can see that we I open up my ClickUp, we can see that we do have 25 leads right here. So, let's do have 25 leads right here. So, let's do have 25 leads right here. So, let's just click into one to see what it looks just click into one to see what it looks just click into one to see what it looks like. We've got Tampa Dental in Tampa, like. We've got Tampa Dental in Tampa, like. We've got Tampa Dental in Tampa, Florida. And in the description, it gave Florida. And in the description, it gave Florida. And in the description, it gave us the address, the phone, the rating, us the address, the phone, the rating, us the address, the phone, the rating, and the website. So, that's really and the website. So, that's really and the website. So, that's really interesting to me. The first workflow, interesting to me. The first workflow, interesting to me. The first workflow, which is the trigger, it finds the which is the trigger, it finds the which is the trigger, it finds the leads. So, if I open this up and I click leads. So, if I open this up and I click leads. So, if I open this up and I click into it, we can see what it did. It into it, we can see what it did. It into it, we can see what it did. It found five and then it found five more found five and then it found five more found five and then it found five more and it found five more until it got to and it found five more until it got to and it found five more until it got to 25. And then after it found those 25, it 25. And then after it found those 25, it 25. And then after it found those 25, it basically said, "Okay, cool. I'm going basically said, "Okay, cool. I'm going basically said, "Okay, cool. I'm going to hand each of these leads to one to hand each of these leads to one to hand each of these leads to one individual kind of like worker." And individual kind of like worker." And individual kind of like worker." And that is why we saw the create dental that is why we saw the create dental that is why we saw the create dental lead tool get called 25 times. Cloud lead tool get called 25 times. Cloud lead tool get called 25 times. Cloud code comes back and says, "Cool, it code comes back and says, "Cool, it code comes back and says, "Cool, it works perfectly. 25 leads created in 9 works perfectly. 25 leads created in 9 works perfectly. 25 leads created in 9 seconds across five cities. Pretty seconds across five cities. Pretty seconds across five cities. Pretty awesome." So from here, obviously, what awesome." So from here, obviously, what awesome." So from here, obviously, what you do is you'd iterate upon the you do is you'd iterate upon the you do is you'd iterate upon the workflow a little bit. You'd try to make workflow a little bit. You'd try to make workflow a little bit. You'd try to make it better and better. You'd add it better and better. You'd add it better and better. You'd add different features if you want. Maybe we different features if you want. Maybe we different features if you want. Maybe we want to add personalized outreach and want to add personalized outreach and want to add personalized outreach and add like an AI element in there. But now add like an AI element in there. But now add like an AI element in there. But now once you get to a spot where you're once you get to a spot where you're once you get to a spot where you're ready, we want to push that into ready, we want to push that into ready, we want to push that into production because right now we're in production because right now we're in production because right now we're in development. Meaning if we don't keep development. Meaning if we don't keep development. Meaning if we don't keep this connection open right here, it says this connection open right here, it says this connection open right here, it says your local dev server is connected to your local dev server is connected to your local dev server is connected to trigger.dev. If this wasn't open like we trigger.dev. If this wasn't open like we trigger.dev. If this wasn't open like we see in our main project right here, you see in our main project right here, you see in our main project right here, you can see I turned it off. Then these can see I turned it off. Then these can see I turned it off. Then these would not be running, which is why we would not be running, which is why we would not be running, which is why we have to push them to production. So have to push them to production. So have to push them to production. So there's a few ways to do that. So the there's a few ways to do that. So the there's a few ways to do that. So the way that I would recommend doing this is way that I would recommend doing this is way that I would recommend doing this is by connecting to GitHub and pushing your by connecting to GitHub and pushing your by connecting to GitHub and pushing your codebase. So basically this entire codebase. So basically this entire codebase. So basically this entire project into GitHub. So like you can see project into GitHub. So like you can see project into GitHub. So like you can see this is the GitHub repo that I made for this is the GitHub repo that I made for this is the GitHub repo that I made for the previous workflows and I had all of the previous workflows and I had all of the previous workflows and I had all of them in one GitHub repo which is fine in them in one GitHub repo which is fine in them in one GitHub repo which is fine in this case. If I go to the SRC trigger this case. If I go to the SRC trigger this case. If I go to the SRC trigger you can see that we had the AI news you can see that we had the AI news you can see that we had the AI news digest and the company research. So digest and the company research. So digest and the company research. So here's what we're going to do. We're here's what we're going to do. We're here's what we're going to do. We're going to push this project into GitHub going to push this project into GitHub going to push this project into GitHub and then have GitHub sync with and then have GitHub sync with and then have GitHub sync with trigger.dev and then they'll be able to trigger.dev and then they'll be able to trigger.dev and then they'll be able to bring everything into production. And bring everything into production. And bring everything into production. And now once again I just wanted to throw now once again I just wanted to throw now once again I just wanted to throw out there this is why you have to make out there this is why you have to make out there this is why you have to make sure that things are in aenv and that sure that things are in aenv and that sure that things are in aenv and that you're not having any secrets in your you're not having any secrets in your you're not having any secrets in your project because otherwise they'll be in project because otherwise they'll be in project because otherwise they'll be in GitHub and I always make them private GitHub and I always make them private GitHub and I always make them private either way but still it's just best either way but still it's just best either way but still it's just best practice and then you're going to add of practice and then you're going to add of practice and then you're going to add of course your API keys into trigger.dev. course your API keys into trigger.dev. course your API keys into trigger.dev. So at this point what it's probably So at this point what it's probably So at this point what it's probably going to do is it's probably going to going to do is it's probably going to going to do is it's probably going to use your command line interface and it's use your command line interface and it's use your command line interface and it's going to ask you to login with GitHub. going to ask you to login with GitHub. going to ask you to login with GitHub. So once you get authenticated, it's So once you get authenticated, it's So once you get authenticated, it's really easy and it can create repos and really easy and it can create repos and really easy and it can create repos and it can, you know, make commits and it's it can, you know, make commits and it's it can, you know, make commits and it's very very simple. So if you guys have very very simple. So if you guys have very very simple. So if you guys have watched any of my videos where we've watched any of my videos where we've watched any of my videos where we've built websites, then you know exactly built websites, then you know exactly built websites, then you know exactly how this flow works. We're building code how this flow works. We're building code how this flow works. We're building code in cloud code. We push that to GitHub in cloud code. We push that to GitHub in cloud code. We push that to GitHub and then GitHub automatically syncs with and then GitHub automatically syncs with and then GitHub automatically syncs with Forcell or in our case trigger.dev, Forcell or in our case trigger.dev, Forcell or in our case trigger.dev, meaning that we have our actual live meaning that we have our actual live meaning that we have our actual live automation or our live site automation or our live site automation or our live site automatically syncing with GitHub. And automatically syncing with GitHub. And automatically syncing with GitHub. And the reason why we want to use GitHub is the reason why we want to use GitHub is the reason why we want to use GitHub is for version control. It keeps things, for version control. It keeps things, for version control. It keeps things, you know, in the cloud and we can also you know, in the cloud and we can also you know, in the cloud and we can also do more collaboration with other do more collaboration with other do more collaboration with other engineers, other people, whatever it is. engineers, other people, whatever it is. engineers, other people, whatever it is. So, I'd say getting familiar with GitHub So, I'd say getting familiar with GitHub So, I'd say getting familiar with GitHub is probably a good idea. And just to is probably a good idea. And just to is probably a good idea. And just to really hammer it home, you can see it really hammer it home, you can see it really hammer it home, you can see it says good.v is excluded from our commit says good.v is excluded from our commit says good.v is excluded from our commit to GitHub. Okay, awesome. So, we now to GitHub. Okay, awesome. So, we now to GitHub. Okay, awesome. So, we now have our new GitHub repo right here. have our new GitHub repo right here. have our new GitHub repo right here. It's called trigger- test. So, I'm going It's called trigger- test. So, I'm going It's called trigger- test. So, I'm going to open that up. Make sure we are good. to open that up. Make sure we are good. to open that up. Make sure we are good. Do we have our workflows? Yes, we do. Do we have our workflows? Yes, we do. Do we have our workflows? Yes, we do. Right there. And now I'm going to go Right there. And now I'm going to go Right there. And now I'm going to go back into trigger. I'm going to scroll back into trigger. I'm going to scroll back into trigger. I'm going to scroll all the way down to project settings and all the way down to project settings and all the way down to project settings and I'm going to connect a GitHub repo. I'm I'm going to connect a GitHub repo. I'm I'm going to connect a GitHub repo. I'm going to sign up with my account and I'm going to sign up with my account and I'm going to sign up with my account and I'm going to connect the repository that we going to connect the repository that we going to connect the repository that we just made and hit connect. Now, right just made and hit connect. Now, right just made and hit connect. Now, right here it says every push to the selected here it says every push to the selected here it says every push to the selected tracking branch creates a deployment in tracking branch creates a deployment in tracking branch creates a deployment in the corresponding environment. Which the corresponding environment. Which the corresponding environment. Which means every time we have a new push to means every time we have a new push to means every time we have a new push to the master branch in our GitHub repo, it the master branch in our GitHub repo, it the master branch in our GitHub repo, it will automatically get synced into our will automatically get synced into our will automatically get synced into our production environment. So, right now production environment. So, right now production environment. So, right now we're in development. If I go to we're in development. If I go to we're in development. If I go to production, we should see that it's production, we should see that it's production, we should see that it's going to actually build up these things going to actually build up these things going to actually build up these things now that I've connected our GitHub repo now that I've connected our GitHub repo now that I've connected our GitHub repo because right here in GitHub, you can because right here in GitHub, you can because right here in GitHub, you can see that we are in the master branch and see that we are in the master branch and see that we are in the master branch and we have our TypeScript right here. Now, we have our TypeScript right here. Now, we have our TypeScript right here. Now, if for some reason this isn't working or if for some reason this isn't working or if for some reason this isn't working or you don't want to take the GitHub route, you don't want to take the GitHub route, you don't want to take the GitHub route, you can always manually deploy this kind you can always manually deploy this kind you can always manually deploy this kind of stuff and you can just tell Cloud of stuff and you can just tell Cloud of stuff and you can just tell Cloud Code to look at this and it will help Code to look at this and it will help Code to look at this and it will help you push this into the production you push this into the production you push this into the production environment. Okay, so you can see that environment. Okay, so you can see that environment. Okay, so you can see that those just got pushed through into those just got pushed through into those just got pushed through into production. And unfortunately in live production. And unfortunately in live production. And unfortunately in live production, this would actually only run production, this would actually only run production, this would actually only run at 8 a.m. on Mondays. So we're going to at 8 a.m. on Mondays. So we're going to at 8 a.m. on Mondays. So we're going to do a manual run right here. I'm going to do a manual run right here. I'm going to do a manual run right here. I'm going to go in here. I'm going to hit test. And go in here. I'm going to hit test. And go in here. I'm going to hit test. And I'm just going to go ahead and hit run I'm just going to go ahead and hit run I'm just going to go ahead and hit run test. And so that's going to go ahead test. And so that's going to go ahead test. And so that's going to go ahead and trigger this off. We're going to and trigger this off. We're going to and trigger this off. We're going to watch this actually find those 25 leads. watch this actually find those 25 leads. watch this actually find those 25 leads. Remember, it should automatically be not Remember, it should automatically be not Remember, it should automatically be not loading any in if it's already processed loading any in if it's already processed loading any in if it's already processed them before. So it's looking in Tampa, them before. So it's looking in Tampa, them before. So it's looking in Tampa, Tulsa, Arlington. It found these leads. Tulsa, Arlington. It found these leads. Tulsa, Arlington. It found these leads. And if I go to runs, it's also it should And if I go to runs, it's also it should And if I go to runs, it's also it should be scheduling all of these for ClickUp, be scheduling all of these for ClickUp, be scheduling all of these for ClickUp, which 7:29 p.m. It's doing that right which 7:29 p.m. It's doing that right which 7:29 p.m. It's doing that right now. And if I go into our ClickUp, we now. And if I go into our ClickUp, we now. And if I go into our ClickUp, we should see now that we have 50 leads in should see now that we have 50 leads in should see now that we have 50 leads in here. And I just want to make sure that here. And I just want to make sure that here. And I just want to make sure that none of these have been duplicated. none of these have been duplicated. none of these have been duplicated. Okay. Actually, it looks like some of Okay. Actually, it looks like some of Okay. Actually, it looks like some of these are. So, let me just show you guys these are. So, let me just show you guys these are. So, let me just show you guys real quick what we might do about that. real quick what we might do about that. real quick what we might do about that. So, I just did a test run of finding So, I just did a test run of finding So, I just did a test run of finding leads, and it all worked. However, I did leads, and it all worked. However, I did leads, and it all worked. However, I did notice that some of the leads were notice that some of the leads were notice that some of the leads were duplicates. So, I thought that you had duplicates. So, I thought that you had duplicates. So, I thought that you had worked on item potency here to make sure worked on item potency here to make sure worked on item potency here to make sure that that didn't happen, but apparently that that didn't happen, but apparently that that didn't happen, but apparently it was happening. So, can you fix this? it was happening. So, can you fix this? it was happening. So, can you fix this? Okay, so it made a change in the create Okay, so it made a change in the create Okay, so it made a change in the create leads workflow where it's basically leads workflow where it's basically leads workflow where it's basically going to search ClickUp before creating going to search ClickUp before creating going to search ClickUp before creating and now have a place ID. So, it says and now have a place ID. So, it says and now have a place ID. So, it says that this change should be more that this change should be more that this change should be more permanent, but it doesn't affect the permanent, but it doesn't affect the permanent, but it doesn't affect the ones that already were made. So, I'm ones that already were made. So, I'm ones that already were made. So, I'm going to go ahead and run this twice and going to go ahead and run this twice and going to go ahead and run this twice and we'll see if there's any duplicates. we'll see if there's any duplicates. we'll see if there's any duplicates. Okay, so I had to do a few more changes Okay, so I had to do a few more changes Okay, so I had to do a few more changes and this really shows the importance of and this really shows the importance of and this really shows the importance of using plan mode and having a really good using plan mode and having a really good using plan mode and having a really good idea of what you want built before you idea of what you want built before you idea of what you want built before you actually tell it to go build it. For the actually tell it to go build it. For the actually tell it to go build it. For the sake of the video, I was trying to show sake of the video, I was trying to show sake of the video, I was trying to show you how I could just kind of oneshot you how I could just kind of oneshot you how I could just kind of oneshot prompt and and it would still be pretty prompt and and it would still be pretty prompt and and it would still be pretty good. But this example showed really why good. But this example showed really why good. But this example showed really why you need to plan harder because the you need to plan harder because the you need to plan harder because the search criteria wasn't very big and it search criteria wasn't very big and it search criteria wasn't very big and it had a weird way of dduplication. But now had a weird way of dduplication. But now had a weird way of dduplication. But now we're at a much better spot where we now we're at a much better spot where we now we're at a much better spot where we now have 48 rows and it shows that some of have 48 rows and it shows that some of have 48 rows and it shows that some of them were filtered out because they were them were filtered out because they were them were filtered out because they were duplicates and it was like searching duplicates and it was like searching duplicates and it was like searching again and again until it was able to again and again until it was able to again and again until it was able to fill up all the slots and now we have fill up all the slots and now we have fill up all the slots and now we have more companies. So anyways, all of these more companies. So anyways, all of these more companies. So anyways, all of these were being ran in our development were being ran in our development were being ran in our development environment because we didn't want to environment because we didn't want to environment because we didn't want to mess with anything in prod. And now what mess with anything in prod. And now what mess with anything in prod. And now what we would do is we'd come back in here we would do is we'd come back in here we would do is we'd come back in here and say, "Cool, this looks good. Push and say, "Cool, this looks good. Push and say, "Cool, this looks good. Push this to GitHub." and then trigger would this to GitHub." and then trigger would this to GitHub." and then trigger would automatically pull those live changes automatically pull those live changes automatically pull those live changes from GitHub and we'd be all set for from GitHub and we'd be all set for from GitHub and we'd be all set for Monday at 8 a.m. Okay, so hopefully by Monday at 8 a.m. Okay, so hopefully by Monday at 8 a.m. Okay, so hopefully by now you guys feel confident in your now you guys feel confident in your now you guys feel confident in your ability to hop into Cloud Code, go to my ability to hop into Cloud Code, go to my ability to hop into Cloud Code, go to my free school community, grab these free school community, grab these free school community, grab these resources, chuck them in there, and then resources, chuck them in there, and then resources, chuck them in there, and then start building some automations that you start building some automations that you start building some automations that you can then throw into trigger.dev to just can then throw into trigger.dev to just can then throw into trigger.dev to just run all the time for you. If there's one run all the time for you. If there's one run all the time for you. If there's one thing that I want you to take away from thing that I want you to take away from thing that I want you to take away from this video, it's the fact that AI is this video, it's the fact that AI is this video, it's the fact that AI is still very much a blackbox. These models still very much a blackbox. These models still very much a blackbox. These models are insanely smart. you can see what are insanely smart. you can see what are insanely smart. you can see what they do. But you also saw in this video they do. But you also saw in this video they do. But you also saw in this video how I had to talk so much to it and I how I had to talk so much to it and I how I had to talk so much to it and I had to like just be very clear. It's had to like just be very clear. It's had to like just be very clear. It's just the whole idea of you no longer just the whole idea of you no longer just the whole idea of you no longer having to write code, but you having to having to write code, but you having to having to write code, but you having to be the person that assures the quality be the person that assures the quality be the person that assures the quality and make sure that it's on track. But and make sure that it's on track. But and make sure that it's on track. But anyways, I'm having so much fun learning anyways, I'm having so much fun learning anyways, I'm having so much fun learning these new tools and diving into these new tools and diving into these new tools and diving into different use cases. So, definitely let different use cases. So, definitely let different use cases. So, definitely let me know in the comments what you guys me know in the comments what you guys me know in the comments what you guys want to continue to see. Cloud Code is now a 247 AI employee, Cloud Code is now a 247 AI employee, Cloud Code is now a 247 AI employee, which means that it is always Cloud Code which means that it is always Cloud Code which means that it is always Cloud Code O'. And that might be the nerdiest thing O'. And that might be the nerdiest thing O'. And that might be the nerdiest thing I've ever said. Enthropic has finally I've ever said. Enthropic has finally I've ever said. Enthropic has finally done it and launched scheduled tasks done it and launched scheduled tasks done it and launched scheduled tasks natively for Claude Code, which means natively for Claude Code, which means natively for Claude Code, which means every single process, every single every single process, every single every single process, every single skill, everything you've been building skill, everything you've been building skill, everything you've been building and using inside of Cloud Code just got and using inside of Cloud Code just got and using inside of Cloud Code just got 10 times more powerful. And they 10 times more powerful. And they 10 times more powerful. And they literally could not be easier to set up. literally could not be easier to set up. literally could not be easier to set up. So, in today's video, I'm going to show So, in today's video, I'm going to show So, in today's video, I'm going to show you exactly how they work and tell you you exactly how they work and tell you you exactly how they work and tell you everything important that you need to everything important that you need to everything important that you need to know about them. Let's not waste any know about them. Let's not waste any know about them. Let's not waste any time and get straight into it. So, here time and get straight into it. So, here time and get straight into it. So, here I am in Cloud Code in the Claude desktop I am in Cloud Code in the Claude desktop I am in Cloud Code in the Claude desktop app. Now, right now, you do need to be app. Now, right now, you do need to be app. Now, right now, you do need to be using the desktop app in order to access using the desktop app in order to access using the desktop app in order to access these scheduled tasks. Now, this these scheduled tasks. Now, this these scheduled tasks. Now, this scheduled task feature came out about a scheduled task feature came out about a scheduled task feature came out about a week or two ago in Claude Co-work. As week or two ago in Claude Co-work. As week or two ago in Claude Co-work. As you can see, it's basically the exact you can see, it's basically the exact you can see, it's basically the exact same thing. You could create scheduled same thing. You could create scheduled same thing. You could create scheduled automations, but now they finally automations, but now they finally automations, but now they finally brought it to Claude Code. And there's a brought it to Claude Code. And there's a brought it to Claude Code. And there's a few ways that you can set them up. The few ways that you can set them up. The few ways that you can set them up. The first way is you go over here to the first way is you go over here to the first way is you go over here to the schedule tab, and you just click on it. schedule tab, and you just click on it. schedule tab, and you just click on it. And you can see right here, run tasks on And you can see right here, run tasks on And you can see right here, run tasks on a schedule or whenever you need them, a schedule or whenever you need them, a schedule or whenever you need them, type/schedule, and any existing session type/schedule, and any existing session type/schedule, and any existing session to set one up. So, those are the two to set one up. So, those are the two to set one up. So, those are the two ways. You can either click right here, ways. You can either click right here, ways. You can either click right here, new task. You can give it a name, a new task. You can give it a name, a new task. You can give it a name, a description, give it a prompt. You can description, give it a prompt. You can description, give it a prompt. You can choose the model you want it to run on. choose the model you want it to run on. choose the model you want it to run on. You can choose the mode to run on and You can choose the mode to run on and You can choose the mode to run on and you can also select the folder. And then you can also select the folder. And then you can also select the folder. And then finally, you just say, "Hey, I want this finally, you just say, "Hey, I want this finally, you just say, "Hey, I want this to run every hour, every day, every week to run every hour, every day, every week to run every hour, every day, every week at this time." Boom. You now have a at this time." Boom. You now have a at this time." Boom. You now have a scheduled automation. So that cron would scheduled automation. So that cron would scheduled automation. So that cron would basically fire off. The session would basically fire off. The session would basically fire off. The session would start up. And then the agent would read start up. And then the agent would read start up. And then the agent would read the prompt. It would go through your the prompt. It would go through your the prompt. It would go through your files. It would work in your project, do files. It would work in your project, do files. It would work in your project, do whatever it needed to do, and then after whatever it needed to do, and then after whatever it needed to do, and then after it's done, it would just stop. And the it's done, it would just stop. And the it's done, it would just stop. And the huge unlock here, which is so exciting huge unlock here, which is so exciting huge unlock here, which is so exciting to me, is that this isn't a to me, is that this isn't a to me, is that this isn't a deterministic workflow. And so there's deterministic workflow. And so there's deterministic workflow. And so there's some good there and there's some bad some good there and there's some bad some good there and there's some bad there. But the good news is that you can there. But the good news is that you can there. But the good news is that you can completely control it. And what I mean completely control it. And what I mean completely control it. And what I mean by that is if you've been following some by that is if you've been following some by that is if you've been following some other cloud code videos I've done in the other cloud code videos I've done in the other cloud code videos I've done in the past, we build either like a Python past, we build either like a Python past, we build either like a Python script or a TypeScript. And that is the script or a TypeScript. And that is the script or a TypeScript. And that is the actual automation. And that is actual automation. And that is actual automation. And that is deterministic logic code. Meaning that deterministic logic code. Meaning that deterministic logic code. Meaning that will always happen step one, step two, will always happen step one, step two, will always happen step one, step two, step three. If there's an error, it step three. If there's an error, it step three. If there's an error, it can't fix itself. It just errors. And can't fix itself. It just errors. And can't fix itself. It just errors. And then we get notified. But this isn't then we get notified. But this isn't then we get notified. But this isn't just a Python script. This is cloud code just a Python script. This is cloud code just a Python script. This is cloud code agent running the same exact way it runs agent running the same exact way it runs agent running the same exact way it runs when you talk to it. And that's why this when you talk to it. And that's why this when you talk to it. And that's why this is so exciting because Agentic workflows is so exciting because Agentic workflows is so exciting because Agentic workflows are self-healing and they can read are self-healing and they can read are self-healing and they can read everything in your entire project and everything in your entire project and everything in your entire project and use all your tools. So, as you guys use all your tools. So, as you guys use all your tools. So, as you guys know, you tell it to go do something and know, you tell it to go do something and know, you tell it to go do something and it starts trying. If it runs into an it starts trying. If it runs into an it starts trying. If it runs into an error, it doesn't just come back to you error, it doesn't just come back to you error, it doesn't just come back to you and say, "Eh, I tried." It says, "Okay, and say, "Eh, I tried." It says, "Okay, and say, "Eh, I tried." It says, "Okay, here's the error. Let me try three other here's the error. Let me try three other here's the error. Let me try three other things." And then after I see which one things." And then after I see which one things." And then after I see which one of those three other things worked best, of those three other things worked best, of those three other things worked best, I'm going to update myself so that I I'm going to update myself so that I I'm going to update myself so that I never run into that error again. So, now never run into that error again. So, now never run into that error again. So, now you are no longer the bottleneck. And you are no longer the bottleneck. And you are no longer the bottleneck. And these skills and these workflows can these skills and these workflows can these skills and these workflows can actually get better and better over time actually get better and better over time actually get better and better over time automatically. But the other important automatically. But the other important automatically. But the other important thing to remember here is if you do want thing to remember here is if you do want thing to remember here is if you do want it to be more deterministic and you want it to be more deterministic and you want it to be more deterministic and you want more control, you can do that because more control, you can do that because more control, you can do that because you could literally have it just execute you could literally have it just execute you could literally have it just execute a script and that's the whole scheduled a script and that's the whole scheduled a script and that's the whole scheduled task and it just is completely task and it just is completely task and it just is completely deterministic that way. So how do you go deterministic that way. So how do you go deterministic that way. So how do you go ahead and start creating some scheduled ahead and start creating some scheduled ahead and start creating some scheduled tasks? Well, here you can see one I have tasks? Well, here you can see one I have tasks? Well, here you can see one I have is called morning coffee. So I've showed is called morning coffee. So I've showed is called morning coffee. So I've showed this one off before in a few other this one off before in a few other this one off before in a few other videos, but basically every single videos, but basically every single videos, but basically every single morning I would open up my cloud code morning I would open up my cloud code morning I would open up my cloud code and I would say, "Hey, run morning and I would say, "Hey, run morning and I would say, "Hey, run morning coffee." Which would help me plan my coffee." Which would help me plan my coffee." Which would help me plan my day. It would look at my commitments. It day. It would look at my commitments. It day. It would look at my commitments. It would look at the projects and help me would look at the projects and help me would look at the projects and help me catch up on what the team's up to. But catch up on what the team's up to. But catch up on what the team's up to. But now this can actually just run now this can actually just run now this can actually just run automatically at 6:00 a.m. every automatically at 6:00 a.m. every automatically at 6:00 a.m. every morning. And literally all that I did to morning. And literally all that I did to morning. And literally all that I did to set this up was I said, "Take a look at set this up was I said, "Take a look at set this up was I said, "Take a look at my morning coffee skill. I would like to my morning coffee skill. I would like to my morning coffee skill. I would like to turn this into a scheduled task that turn this into a scheduled task that turn this into a scheduled task that goes off every morning at 6:00 a.m. Help goes off every morning at 6:00 a.m. Help goes off every morning at 6:00 a.m. Help me get this set up." It read the skill. me get this set up." It read the skill. me get this set up." It read the skill. It complimented me on the skill. And It complimented me on the skill. And It complimented me on the skill. And then it asked me one question about it. then it asked me one question about it. then it asked me one question about it. And then a minute later, my skill that I And then a minute later, my skill that I And then a minute later, my skill that I run every morning is now automated. And run every morning is now automated. And run every morning is now automated. And if you've never used Cloud Code in the if you've never used Cloud Code in the if you've never used Cloud Code in the desktop app, don't worry. It's super desktop app, don't worry. It's super desktop app, don't worry. It's super easy. You can basically pull in, you easy. You can basically pull in, you easy. You can basically pull in, you know, a GitHub repo or a different know, a GitHub repo or a different know, a GitHub repo or a different folder and you can be working in the folder and you can be working in the folder and you can be working in the exact same project that you're used to. exact same project that you're used to. exact same project that you're used to. So right here in a new session I just So right here in a new session I just So right here in a new session I just asked it what skills do you have in this asked it what skills do you have in this asked it what skills do you have in this project and it came back and said hey project and it came back and said hey project and it came back and said hey here are all the active skills we've got here are all the active skills we've got here are all the active skills we've got content creation we've got research and content creation we've got research and content creation we've got research and intelligence we've got visual diagrams intelligence we've got visual diagrams intelligence we've got visual diagrams operations and meta and now any of these operations and meta and now any of these operations and meta and now any of these skills I could just say okay cool turn skills I could just say okay cool turn skills I could just say okay cool turn that into a weekly automation. All right that into a weekly automation. All right that into a weekly automation. All right so there are a few limitations though so there are a few limitations though so there are a few limitations though the first major gotcha is the fact that the first major gotcha is the fact that the first major gotcha is the fact that your laptop has to be on or your your laptop has to be on or your your laptop has to be on or your computer has to be on and the desktop computer has to be on and the desktop computer has to be on and the desktop app has to be open. So if you turn off app has to be open. So if you turn off app has to be open. So if you turn off your computer that automation will not your computer that automation will not your computer that automation will not run. Now, the good news is, let's say run. Now, the good news is, let's say run. Now, the good news is, let's say you had a task for 7 a.m. and you wake you had a task for 7 a.m. and you wake you had a task for 7 a.m. and you wake up at 8:00, you turn on your computer. up at 8:00, you turn on your computer. up at 8:00, you turn on your computer. Cloud Code would actually check back 7 Cloud Code would actually check back 7 Cloud Code would actually check back 7 days and see any scheduled tasks that it days and see any scheduled tasks that it days and see any scheduled tasks that it missed and then would catch up and it missed and then would catch up and it missed and then would catch up and it would run those. Obviously, that's not would run those. Obviously, that's not would run those. Obviously, that's not perfect because some of those may be perfect because some of those may be perfect because some of those may be timesensitive, but it is cool that it timesensitive, but it is cool that it timesensitive, but it is cool that it has that ability. Now, what are some has that ability. Now, what are some has that ability. Now, what are some other things to think about? Well, the other things to think about? Well, the other things to think about? Well, the first one is that this thing is now first one is that this thing is now first one is that this thing is now running without your supervision. And running without your supervision. And running without your supervision. And ideally, it's not going to stop to ask ideally, it's not going to stop to ask ideally, it's not going to stop to ask you questions because then what's the you questions because then what's the you questions because then what's the point of having it automated? So that point of having it automated? So that point of having it automated? So that means you want to be looking at your means you want to be looking at your means you want to be looking at your permissions to make sure that it can't permissions to make sure that it can't permissions to make sure that it can't actually go off the rails and do actually go off the rails and do actually go off the rails and do anything like maybe make a major change anything like maybe make a major change anything like maybe make a major change to your GitHub repository or go off and to your GitHub repository or go off and to your GitHub repository or go off and delete things. And you can take care of delete things. And you can take care of delete things. And you can take care of that by changing your local settings in that by changing your local settings in that by changing your local settings in that project which you could just say, that project which you could just say, that project which you could just say, "Hey, I want to make sure that you never "Hey, I want to make sure that you never "Hey, I want to make sure that you never delete things. How can I put this in delete things. How can I put this in delete things. How can I put this in your settings?" You know, deny a bash your settings?" You know, deny a bash your settings?" You know, deny a bash command that does any deletes or command that does any deletes or command that does any deletes or removes. And it will help you figure removes. And it will help you figure removes. And it will help you figure that out. I've got a video coming about that out. I've got a video coming about that out. I've got a video coming about this. I will tag that right up here once this. I will tag that right up here once this. I will tag that right up here once that is live on YouTube. These are also that is live on YouTube. These are also that is live on YouTube. These are also stateless. So basically, every time that stateless. So basically, every time that stateless. So basically, every time that you run one of these, it's going to you run one of these, it's going to you run one of these, it's going to throw it in a new session. So right throw it in a new session. So right throw it in a new session. So right here, I did a test run of my morning here, I did a test run of my morning here, I did a test run of my morning coffee. Here's the actual task itself. coffee. Here's the actual task itself. coffee. Here's the actual task itself. And then when I open this up, I will be And then when I open this up, I will be And then when I open this up, I will be able to see every run. And every run is able to see every run. And every run is able to see every run. And every run is going to be fresh and it's not going to going to be fresh and it's not going to going to be fresh and it's not going to have context of what happened on the have context of what happened on the have context of what happened on the previous run. And the other thing, of previous run. And the other thing, of previous run. And the other thing, of course, is that if you didn't put in an course, is that if you didn't put in an course, is that if you didn't put in an API key or if there's literally API key or if there's literally API key or if there's literally something that it can't do because it something that it can't do because it something that it can't do because it needs your permission, it's going to needs your permission, it's going to needs your permission, it's going to stop. So what I'd recommend is as soon stop. So what I'd recommend is as soon stop. So what I'd recommend is as soon as you create a new task, just run it as you create a new task, just run it as you create a new task, just run it manually and make sure that it can go manually and make sure that it can go manually and make sure that it can go through all of the steps without through all of the steps without through all of the steps without oversight. Otherwise, what's going to oversight. Otherwise, what's going to oversight. Otherwise, what's going to happen is it's going to pause and it's happen is it's going to pause and it's happen is it's going to pause and it's going to ask you for permissions to do going to ask you for permissions to do going to ask you for permissions to do this and permissions to do that. Now, this and permissions to do that. Now, this and permissions to do that. Now, sometimes it's a good thing that they're sometimes it's a good thing that they're sometimes it's a good thing that they're stateless and that they don't have stateless and that they don't have stateless and that they don't have shared memory, but sometimes you might shared memory, but sometimes you might shared memory, but sometimes you might want them to, and that would be kind of want them to, and that would be kind of want them to, and that would be kind of part of this whole self-improving thing. part of this whole self-improving thing. part of this whole self-improving thing. So, here's how I imagine the So, here's how I imagine the So, here's how I imagine the self-improving loop working. So, first self-improving loop working. So, first self-improving loop working. So, first of all is fixing the actual script. So, of all is fixing the actual script. So, of all is fixing the actual script. So, you can have in there the fact that if you can have in there the fact that if you can have in there the fact that if it errors, edit your own code and make it errors, edit your own code and make it errors, edit your own code and make sure you're fixed. The second layer is sure you're fixed. The second layer is sure you're fixed. The second layer is the prompt. So, if you realize that the prompt. So, if you realize that the prompt. So, if you realize that there's an opportunity to improve this there's an opportunity to improve this there's an opportunity to improve this prompt, rewrite it and now you have a prompt, rewrite it and now you have a prompt, rewrite it and now you have a new prompt. And then the third one is new prompt. And then the third one is new prompt. And then the third one is potentially having a log for memory. potentially having a log for memory. potentially having a log for memory. Whether that means every single run you Whether that means every single run you Whether that means every single run you put some sort of like status of what put some sort of like status of what put some sort of like status of what that run did or maybe you just have a that run did or maybe you just have a that run did or maybe you just have a file that you overwrite so that every file that you overwrite so that every file that you overwrite so that every time when the new agent wakes up, it can time when the new agent wakes up, it can time when the new agent wakes up, it can look at the log and say, "Hey, this is look at the log and say, "Hey, this is look at the log and say, "Hey, this is what the previous agent just did. Now I what the previous agent just did. Now I what the previous agent just did. Now I need to run." So there's lots of ways need to run." So there's lots of ways need to run." So there's lots of ways that you can kind of tweak these that you can kind of tweak these that you can kind of tweak these scheduled tasks to fit your use cases scheduled tasks to fit your use cases scheduled tasks to fit your use cases better. And once again, because they better. And once again, because they better. And once again, because they have the context of everything in that have the context of everything in that have the context of everything in that project, they're going to be super project, they're going to be super project, they're going to be super powerful. They can look at any file that powerful. They can look at any file that powerful. They can look at any file that you want them to. So that's what my you want them to. So that's what my you want them to. So that's what my brain immediately went to. But I wanted brain immediately went to. But I wanted brain immediately went to. But I wanted to see what Claude code thought. So I to see what Claude code thought. So I to see what Claude code thought. So I asked it what it thought the most asked it what it thought the most asked it what it thought the most optimal strategy was to make these optimal strategy was to make these optimal strategy was to make these improve and make sure they have the improve and make sure they have the improve and make sure they have the right context. So what it thought of was right context. So what it thought of was right context. So what it thought of was a lean strategy where you have one file a lean strategy where you have one file a lean strategy where you have one file per task. So basically every single time per task. So basically every single time per task. So basically every single time the agent runs, it would overwrite this the agent runs, it would overwrite this the agent runs, it would overwrite this file with information like here's the file with information like here's the file with information like here's the last run, here's how long it lasted, last run, here's how long it lasted, last run, here's how long it lasted, here's what happened, here's what I did, here's what happened, here's what I did, here's what happened, here's what I did, here are known issues, and things like here are known issues, and things like here are known issues, and things like that. And this is better than an append that. And this is better than an append that. And this is better than an append log in some scenarios because like I log in some scenarios because like I log in some scenarios because like I said earlier, if you run an automation a said earlier, if you run an automation a said earlier, if you run an automation a thousand times, then you might have a thousand times, then you might have a thousand times, then you might have a thousand append logs. But then what's thousand append logs. But then what's thousand append logs. But then what's cool is the actual structure of your cool is the actual structure of your cool is the actual structure of your prompt. So when you're creating a new um prompt. So when you're creating a new um prompt. So when you're creating a new um task right here, the way that you prompt task right here, the way that you prompt task right here, the way that you prompt it, you could basically say, okay, it, you could basically say, okay, it, you could basically say, okay, before you actually do your job, go before you actually do your job, go before you actually do your job, go ahead and read this file, which is ahead and read this file, which is ahead and read this file, which is basically the last run, and then you do basically the last run, and then you do basically the last run, and then you do your main task. And then after you're your main task. And then after you're your main task. And then after you're done with the task, overwrite that file done with the task, overwrite that file done with the task, overwrite that file with any current issues or status or with any current issues or status or with any current issues or status or anything that you found that might help anything that you found that might help anything that you found that might help the next agent. So, obviously I'm going the next agent. So, obviously I'm going the next agent. So, obviously I'm going to be playing around with different to be playing around with different to be playing around with different structures of having context shared structures of having context shared structures of having context shared between these different, you know, between these different, you know, between these different, you know, tasks, but that's just something that I tasks, but that's just something that I tasks, but that's just something that I thought would be really, really cool. thought would be really, really cool. thought would be really, really cool. So, another thing I wanted to talk about So, another thing I wanted to talk about So, another thing I wanted to talk about is because this is in the desktop app is because this is in the desktop app is because this is in the desktop app and because this is running on a and because this is running on a and because this is running on a schedule, how do you want to get schedule, how do you want to get schedule, how do you want to get notified that that scheduled task has notified that that scheduled task has notified that that scheduled task has been done? So, the desktop app does have been done? So, the desktop app does have been done? So, the desktop app does have notifications, but they're not super notifications, but they're not super notifications, but they're not super great. At least it wasn't making any great. At least it wasn't making any great. At least it wasn't making any noise and it wasn't capturing my noise and it wasn't capturing my noise and it wasn't capturing my attention. It's cool that everything attention. It's cool that everything attention. It's cool that everything gets organized over here. So, as you gets organized over here. So, as you gets organized over here. So, as you have more tasks, you can see them all have more tasks, you can see them all have more tasks, you can see them all and it's organized. But what you can do and it's organized. But what you can do and it's organized. But what you can do is you can add a hook. so that every is you can add a hook. so that every is you can add a hook. so that every time you actually get a sound. So what I time you actually get a sound. So what I time you actually get a sound. So what I did is I set up a hook so that every did is I set up a hook so that every did is I set up a hook so that every time a cloud code session finishes I get time a cloud code session finishes I get time a cloud code session finishes I get a notification. So listen to this. a notification. So listen to this. a notification. So listen to this. So that was like kind of the default So that was like kind of the default So that was like kind of the default Windows little sound. You can change Windows little sound. You can change Windows little sound. You can change that. But that's really helpful because that. But that's really helpful because that. But that's really helpful because I could be working and I could forget I could be working and I could forget I could be working and I could forget that a scheduled task might go off and that a scheduled task might go off and that a scheduled task might go off and then I get that noise. But the other then I get that noise. But the other then I get that noise. But the other thing I would recommend is in the prompt thing I would recommend is in the prompt thing I would recommend is in the prompt of the actual skill itself, maybe just of the actual skill itself, maybe just of the actual skill itself, maybe just at the bottom say, "Hey, once this is at the bottom say, "Hey, once this is at the bottom say, "Hey, once this is done, just shoot me a ClickUp message done, just shoot me a ClickUp message done, just shoot me a ClickUp message and say that this happened." And that's and say that this happened." And that's and say that this happened." And that's probably what I'm going to set up for probably what I'm going to set up for probably what I'm going to set up for all my scheduled tasks. And if you're all my scheduled tasks. And if you're all my scheduled tasks. And if you're curious about setting up hooks, curious about setting up hooks, curious about setting up hooks, literally just say to cloud code, set up literally just say to cloud code, set up literally just say to cloud code, set up a hook. I want you to play a sound every a hook. I want you to play a sound every a hook. I want you to play a sound every time you finish talking to me and it time you finish talking to me and it time you finish talking to me and it will do it in like a minute. And the will do it in like a minute. And the will do it in like a minute. And the last thing I was curious about is the last thing I was curious about is the last thing I was curious about is the fact that we're limited to the desktop fact that we're limited to the desktop fact that we're limited to the desktop app. Now, Enthropic is shipping like app. Now, Enthropic is shipping like app. Now, Enthropic is shipping like crazy. So, I'm sure in a week or two crazy. So, I'm sure in a week or two crazy. So, I'm sure in a week or two that this is going to be open in the that this is going to be open in the that this is going to be open in the terminal and in the IDE extensions and terminal and in the IDE extensions and terminal and in the IDE extensions and stuff like that, too. But for the stuff like that, too. But for the stuff like that, too. But for the moment, it's only desktop app. And moment, it's only desktop app. And moment, it's only desktop app. And basically why is because all of the basically why is because all of the basically why is because all of the actual like cron logic and that kind of actual like cron logic and that kind of actual like cron logic and that kind of metadata lives in the desktop app even metadata lives in the desktop app even metadata lives in the desktop app even though the actual files live in your though the actual files live in your though the actual files live in your computer. They live somewhere where computer. They live somewhere where computer. They live somewhere where terminal or your VS code cloud code terminal or your VS code cloud code terminal or your VS code cloud code could actually see it. So I was could actually see it. So I was could actually see it. So I was interested in that and I said are you interested in that and I said are you interested in that and I said are you able to see my scheduled task for able to see my scheduled task for able to see my scheduled task for morning coffee? It runs at 609 and morning coffee? It runs at 609 and morning coffee? It runs at 609 and here's where it lives because it lives here's where it lives because it lives here's where it lives because it lives kind of in this global folder path right kind of in this global folder path right kind of in this global folder path right here and it can see it right because it here and it can see it right because it here and it can see it right because it just exists as a file. But what it can't just exists as a file. But what it can't just exists as a file. But what it can't do is it can't create new scheduled do is it can't create new scheduled do is it can't create new scheduled tasks because it can't actually touch tasks because it can't actually touch tasks because it can't actually touch the cron that the desktop app of cloud the cron that the desktop app of cloud the cron that the desktop app of cloud code sets up. But what it could do is it code sets up. But what it could do is it code sets up. But what it could do is it could edit it. So it could improve it. could edit it. So it could improve it. could edit it. So it could improve it. It could make changes, but it can't It could make changes, but it can't It could make changes, but it can't create them or like run them. Now that's create them or like run them. Now that's create them or like run them. Now that's actually not a huge deal to me right now actually not a huge deal to me right now actually not a huge deal to me right now because I usually work in VS Code, but I because I usually work in VS Code, but I because I usually work in VS Code, but I can just have the desktop app open and I can just have the desktop app open and I can just have the desktop app open and I can just leave it open in the background can just leave it open in the background can just leave it open in the background while I've got my computer on and all of while I've got my computer on and all of while I've got my computer on and all of my scheduled tasks will still be my scheduled tasks will still be my scheduled tasks will still be running. And so now that Cloud Code is running. And so now that Cloud Code is running. And so now that Cloud Code is so powerful on its own, it can actually so powerful on its own, it can actually so powerful on its own, it can actually like do things in the browser as well. I like do things in the browser as well. I like do things in the browser as well. I truly think we're getting to that point truly think we're getting to that point truly think we're getting to that point where you can automate anything. Cloud Code can now remind you to do Cloud Code can now remind you to do Cloud Code can now remind you to do things, check on things proactively for things, check on things proactively for things, check on things proactively for you, and work for days straight without you, and work for days straight without you, and work for days straight without you ever touching it or needing to give you ever touching it or needing to give you ever touching it or needing to give any input. So here you can see I just any input. So here you can see I just any input. So here you can see I just said, "Remind me at 10:23 a.m. to check said, "Remind me at 10:23 a.m. to check said, "Remind me at 10:23 a.m. to check on my project." It goes ahead and uses a on my project." It goes ahead and uses a on my project." It goes ahead and uses a cron create tool to set this reminder. cron create tool to set this reminder. cron create tool to set this reminder. There we go. 10:23 just hit. I didn't There we go. 10:23 just hit. I didn't There we go. 10:23 just hit. I didn't touch it. and it just said, "Hey, Nate, touch it. and it just said, "Hey, Nate, touch it. and it just said, "Hey, Nate, this is the reminder to check on your this is the reminder to check on your this is the reminder to check on your project." So, just shot off this one project." So, just shot off this one project." So, just shot off this one that says, "Every 10 minutes, check my that says, "Every 10 minutes, check my that says, "Every 10 minutes, check my ClickUp to see if there's any new ClickUp to see if there's any new ClickUp to see if there's any new developments on our project." It's using developments on our project." It's using developments on our project." It's using the loop skill, as you can see, which is the loop skill, as you can see, which is the loop skill, as you can see, which is a new built-in skill, and it creates a a new built-in skill, and it creates a a new built-in skill, and it creates a cron for every single 10 minutes. And cron for every single 10 minutes. And cron for every single 10 minutes. And now, this would run for the next 3 days, now, this would run for the next 3 days, now, this would run for the next 3 days, every 10 minutes until I told it not to. every 10 minutes until I told it not to. every 10 minutes until I told it not to. And this doesn't have to be every 10 And this doesn't have to be every 10 And this doesn't have to be every 10 minutes. It could be every hour. It minutes. It could be every hour. It minutes. It could be every hour. It could be every 5 minutes. It could be could be every 5 minutes. It could be could be every 5 minutes. It could be whatever interval that you want. And whatever interval that you want. And whatever interval that you want. And this is all thanks to the newly released this is all thanks to the newly released this is all thanks to the newly released feature or skill loop, which is a feature or skill loop, which is a feature or skill loop, which is a powerful new way to schedule recurring powerful new way to schedule recurring powerful new way to schedule recurring tasks for up to 3 days at a time. And tasks for up to 3 days at a time. And tasks for up to 3 days at a time. And this is so funny because less than 12 this is so funny because less than 12 this is so funny because less than 12 hours before this was announced, the hours before this was announced, the hours before this was announced, the scheduled tasks in Cloud Code was also scheduled tasks in Cloud Code was also scheduled tasks in Cloud Code was also announced. So, right off the bat, those announced. So, right off the bat, those announced. So, right off the bat, those two features might seem like they're the two features might seem like they're the two features might seem like they're the exact same thing, but they're actually exact same thing, but they're actually exact same thing, but they're actually super different in how they work, and super different in how they work, and super different in how they work, and they have different use cases. So, in they have different use cases. So, in they have different use cases. So, in today's video, I'm going to break all of today's video, I'm going to break all of today's video, I'm going to break all of that down and tell you everything that that down and tell you everything that that down and tell you everything that you need to know about it. And by the you need to know about it. And by the you need to know about it. And by the way, if you haven't watched my new way, if you haven't watched my new way, if you haven't watched my new scheduled tasks video, then check that scheduled tasks video, then check that scheduled tasks video, then check that out right up here, and then hop back out right up here, and then hop back out right up here, and then hop back over to this one. All right, so as you over to this one. All right, so as you over to this one. All right, so as you guys just saw in the quick demo, we now guys just saw in the quick demo, we now guys just saw in the quick demo, we now have the ability to use loops, which have the ability to use loops, which have the ability to use loops, which means that we could say something like means that we could say something like means that we could say something like /loop every 5 minutes, check on the /loop every 5 minutes, check on the /loop every 5 minutes, check on the deploy, or we could just say that in deploy, or we could just say that in deploy, or we could just say that in natural language, which is awesome natural language, which is awesome natural language, which is awesome because it invokes the loop skill and because it invokes the loop skill and because it invokes the loop skill and then it creates that cron job right here then it creates that cron job right here then it creates that cron job right here in cloud code. And you'll notice that in cloud code. And you'll notice that in cloud code. And you'll notice that this is in my VS code. So this is this is in my VS code. So this is this is in my VS code. So this is available in your terminal, in cloud available in your terminal, in cloud available in your terminal, in cloud code desktop app, in VS Code extensions, code desktop app, in VS Code extensions, code desktop app, in VS Code extensions, wherever. This is just a core part of wherever. This is just a core part of wherever. This is just a core part of cloud code now. So if you're not seeing cloud code now. So if you're not seeing cloud code now. So if you're not seeing this, just make sure you update your this, just make sure you update your this, just make sure you update your extension or you update Cloud Code. And extension or you update Cloud Code. And extension or you update Cloud Code. And this lets you set up loop intervals or this lets you set up loop intervals or this lets you set up loop intervals or reminders. So reminders, like you saw reminders. So reminders, like you saw reminders. So reminders, like you saw that first demo, I just said, "Hey, at that first demo, I just said, "Hey, at that first demo, I just said, "Hey, at this time just tell me this." And in this time just tell me this." And in this time just tell me this." And in that session, it will bump up a message that session, it will bump up a message that session, it will bump up a message without you triggering it. Or you could without you triggering it. Or you could without you triggering it. Or you could have them be intervals. So you could say have them be intervals. So you could say have them be intervals. So you could say every 2 hours. You could say every 30 every 2 hours. You could say every 30 every 2 hours. You could say every 30 minutes. Whatever you want that actual minutes. Whatever you want that actual minutes. Whatever you want that actual interval to be. And what's cool about it interval to be. And what's cool about it interval to be. And what's cool about it is it does it all in the same session. is it does it all in the same session. is it does it all in the same session. So if I leave this session up every 10 So if I leave this session up every 10 So if I leave this session up every 10 minutes, it would check everything right minutes, it would check everything right minutes, it would check everything right here, which means that it's able to here, which means that it's able to here, which means that it's able to continuously read through what happened continuously read through what happened continuously read through what happened in the past one, and it continuously in the past one, and it continuously in the past one, and it continuously sees what we're doing. Now, obviously sees what we're doing. Now, obviously sees what we're doing. Now, obviously there are some pros and cons there, but there are some pros and cons there, but there are some pros and cons there, but just wanted to point that out. The major just wanted to point that out. The major just wanted to point that out. The major con there being your context, making con there being your context, making con there being your context, making sure that if something does go off every sure that if something does go off every sure that if something does go off every 10 minutes, you're not going to get a 10 minutes, you're not going to get a 10 minutes, you're not going to get a huge report and then every 10 minutes huge report and then every 10 minutes huge report and then every 10 minutes you just more tokens, more tokens, and you just more tokens, more tokens, and you just more tokens, more tokens, and then context rot. It's basically then context rot. It's basically then context rot. It's basically scheduling a prompt that you would be scheduling a prompt that you would be scheduling a prompt that you would be sending in here and then firing off, sending in here and then firing off, sending in here and then firing off, which means you can loop skills. So, if which means you can loop skills. So, if which means you can loop skills. So, if you want every 20 minutes, for example, you want every 20 minutes, for example, you want every 20 minutes, for example, run a skill called review PR, you could run a skill called review PR, you could run a skill called review PR, you could tell it to every 20 minutes run the tell it to every 20 minutes run the tell it to every 20 minutes run the skill. It would run it, it would wait 20 skill. It would run it, it would wait 20 skill. It would run it, it would wait 20 minutes, and then it would do it again. minutes, and then it would do it again. minutes, and then it would do it again. And of course, you could use actual And of course, you could use actual And of course, you could use actual slash commands to invoke both the loop slash commands to invoke both the loop slash commands to invoke both the loop and the skill. Or you could just say, and the skill. Or you could just say, and the skill. Or you could just say, "Every 20 minutes, run my review PR "Every 20 minutes, run my review PR "Every 20 minutes, run my review PR skill." And of course, the onetime skill." And of course, the onetime skill." And of course, the onetime reminder feature. So at 3 p.m. or in 45 reminder feature. So at 3 p.m. or in 45 reminder feature. So at 3 p.m. or in 45 minutes, remind me to do this or check minutes, remind me to do this or check minutes, remind me to do this or check in on that. And Claude will basically in on that. And Claude will basically in on that. And Claude will basically pin that time. It'll create that cron pin that time. It'll create that cron pin that time. It'll create that cron and then once it's done, it'll just and then once it's done, it'll just and then once it's done, it'll just delete itself. So whether that's, hey, delete itself. So whether that's, hey, delete itself. So whether that's, hey, at 4:30, remind me I have to go do this at 4:30, remind me I have to go do this at 4:30, remind me I have to go do this or every hour remind me to just stand up or every hour remind me to just stand up or every hour remind me to just stand up and like look away from my screen for 5 and like look away from my screen for 5 and like look away from my screen for 5 minutes, it can do that. All right. All minutes, it can do that. All right. All minutes, it can do that. All right. All right. So, there's a couple things that right. So, there's a couple things that right. So, there's a couple things that I wanted you guys to understand about I wanted you guys to understand about I wanted you guys to understand about how this actually works. So, let's just how this actually works. So, let's just how this actually works. So, let's just play around a little bit. Hey, at 10:40 play around a little bit. Hey, at 10:40 play around a little bit. Hey, at 10:40 a.m., can you please remind me to take a.m., can you please remind me to take a.m., can you please remind me to take out the garbage? Cool. So, what that's out the garbage? Cool. So, what that's out the garbage? Cool. So, what that's going to do is it's going to use the going to do is it's going to use the going to do is it's going to use the cronreate tool, and it's going to create cronreate tool, and it's going to create cronreate tool, and it's going to create that basically schedule to remind me that basically schedule to remind me that basically schedule to remind me take out the garbage. And what you can take out the garbage. And what you can take out the garbage. And what you can see here is the actual prompt. So, at see here is the actual prompt. So, at see here is the actual prompt. So, at this interval, which is just how cron this interval, which is just how cron this interval, which is just how cron works, it's basically going to shoot a works, it's basically going to shoot a works, it's basically going to shoot a prompt into this window that says remind prompt into this window that says remind prompt into this window that says remind Nate to take out the garbage. You can Nate to take out the garbage. You can Nate to take out the garbage. You can see the recurring equals false. Now, of see the recurring equals false. Now, of see the recurring equals false. Now, of course, the key is if the session is course, the key is if the session is course, the key is if the session is closed, then that cron is going to closed, then that cron is going to closed, then that cron is going to automatically be killed. So, now automatically be killed. So, now automatically be killed. So, now something interesting. I'm going to open something interesting. I'm going to open something interesting. I'm going to open up a new session and I'm going to say, up a new session and I'm going to say, up a new session and I'm going to say, "Hey, every hour, can you just remind me "Hey, every hour, can you just remind me "Hey, every hour, can you just remind me I need to stretch my neck?" And I'm I need to stretch my neck?" And I'm I need to stretch my neck?" And I'm going to shoot this one off. And we'll going to shoot this one off. And we'll going to shoot this one off. And we'll see how this one is a little bit see how this one is a little bit see how this one is a little bit different because this once again different because this once again different because this once again creates a cron. We have a prompt. And creates a cron. We have a prompt. And creates a cron. We have a prompt. And you can see in this one, we don't have you can see in this one, we don't have you can see in this one, we don't have the recurring equals false. We just know the recurring equals false. We just know the recurring equals false. We just know that this cron is going to go every that this cron is going to go every that this cron is going to go every hour. But these loop jobs or task jobs hour. But these loop jobs or task jobs hour. But these loop jobs or task jobs are per session. So these two tabs are are per session. So these two tabs are are per session. So these two tabs are two different sessions. So if I came two different sessions. So if I came two different sessions. So if I came into this session and said, "Can you into this session and said, "Can you into this session and said, "Can you please tell me all of the scheduled loop please tell me all of the scheduled loop please tell me all of the scheduled loop tasks that we have today? It's going to tasks that we have today? It's going to tasks that we have today? It's going to use a tool called cron list, and it only use a tool called cron list, and it only use a tool called cron list, and it only can see the 10:40 a.m. take out the can see the 10:40 a.m. take out the can see the 10:40 a.m. take out the garbage. It cannot see the task that garbage. It cannot see the task that garbage. It cannot see the task that exists in this session because they're exists in this session because they're exists in this session because they're independent and they're separate. Now, independent and they're separate. Now, independent and they're separate. Now, one interesting thing to notice is that one interesting thing to notice is that one interesting thing to notice is that this session didn't actually invoke the this session didn't actually invoke the this session didn't actually invoke the loop tool. The loop tool basically tells loop tool. The loop tool basically tells loop tool. The loop tool basically tells it how to set up cron jobs and how to it how to set up cron jobs and how to it how to set up cron jobs and how to use the cron create. So if you don't see use the cron create. So if you don't see use the cron create. So if you don't see loop, don't worry. It's still actually loop, don't worry. It's still actually loop, don't worry. It's still actually doing this in a loop. It's just kind of doing this in a loop. It's just kind of doing this in a loop. It's just kind of about the actual wording. So, if I was about the actual wording. So, if I was about the actual wording. So, if I was to open a new one, let's see if I to open a new one, let's see if I to open a new one, let's see if I actually call the loop tool right here. actually call the loop tool right here. actually call the loop tool right here. So, I do loop and then I just say, you So, I do loop and then I just say, you So, I do loop and then I just say, you know, um, check my ClickUp. This one is know, um, check my ClickUp. This one is know, um, check my ClickUp. This one is going to default, I believe, to 10 going to default, I believe, to 10 going to default, I believe, to 10 minutes if you don't specify a time. And minutes if you don't specify a time. And minutes if you don't specify a time. And it might invoke the loop skill because it might invoke the loop skill because it might invoke the loop skill because we actually called it to, but looks like we actually called it to, but looks like we actually called it to, but looks like it didn't because it knows exactly what it didn't because it knows exactly what it didn't because it knows exactly what it needs to do already. So, the point it needs to do already. So, the point it needs to do already. So, the point being, all it matters is that the cron being, all it matters is that the cron being, all it matters is that the cron is being created. It doesn't always is being created. It doesn't always is being created. It doesn't always matter if it invokes the loop skill or matter if it invokes the loop skill or matter if it invokes the loop skill or not. And then if you wanted to cancel not. And then if you wanted to cancel not. And then if you wanted to cancel one of these jobs, all you'd have to do one of these jobs, all you'd have to do one of these jobs, all you'd have to do is either close out of the terminal or is either close out of the terminal or is either close out of the terminal or just say, "Actually, I don't need this just say, "Actually, I don't need this just say, "Actually, I don't need this anymore. Go ahead and cancel it." And anymore. Go ahead and cancel it." And anymore. Go ahead and cancel it." And that one invokes a different cron skill that one invokes a different cron skill that one invokes a different cron skill called cron delete. It shoots over the called cron delete. It shoots over the called cron delete. It shoots over the job ID. And now that it's canceled. And job ID. And now that it's canceled. And job ID. And now that it's canceled. And one final thing to keep in mind is in VS one final thing to keep in mind is in VS one final thing to keep in mind is in VS Code, if you close out of a tab and then Code, if you close out of a tab and then Code, if you close out of a tab and then you just open up that conversation you just open up that conversation you just open up that conversation again, that still will kill those crons. again, that still will kill those crons. again, that still will kill those crons. So you guys just saw how pretty much all So you guys just saw how pretty much all So you guys just saw how pretty much all of this worked. We have cron create to of this worked. We have cron create to of this worked. We have cron create to schedule. We have cron list to list schedule. We have cron list to list schedule. We have cron list to list them. And then we have cron delete to them. And then we have cron delete to them. And then we have cron delete to cancel them. And all of those can be cancel them. And all of those can be cancel them. And all of those can be invoked with natural language, which is invoked with natural language, which is invoked with natural language, which is awesome. So now let's get into some of awesome. So now let's get into some of awesome. So now let's get into some of the limitations and then I'm going to the limitations and then I'm going to the limitations and then I'm going to compare them to the actual scheduled compare them to the actual scheduled compare them to the actual scheduled tasks feature. So the first big one is tasks feature. So the first big one is tasks feature. So the first big one is that we have a 3-day loop expiry, which that we have a 3-day loop expiry, which that we have a 3-day loop expiry, which is just basically for safety. It auto is just basically for safety. It auto is just basically for safety. It auto cleans things up if you forgot you had cleans things up if you forgot you had cleans things up if you forgot you had all of these loops running. So once you all of these loops running. So once you all of these loops running. So once you create a loop, it basically has a 3-day create a loop, it basically has a 3-day create a loop, it basically has a 3-day timer on it. It can run for day one, it timer on it. It can run for day one, it timer on it. It can run for day one, it can run on day two, and then on day can run on day two, and then on day can run on day two, and then on day three, it can run up until that last three, it can run up until that last three, it can run up until that last fire, and then it will autodee. And if fire, and then it will autodee. And if fire, and then it will autodee. And if you want anything longer than 3 days, you want anything longer than 3 days, you want anything longer than 3 days, then you would either just recreate that then you would either just recreate that then you would either just recreate that loop or that probably indicates that you loop or that probably indicates that you loop or that probably indicates that you should just turn this into a legitimate should just turn this into a legitimate should just turn this into a legitimate scheduled task. Now, the other thing scheduled task. Now, the other thing scheduled task. Now, the other thing that you can do is if you want to that you can do is if you want to that you can do is if you want to completely disable scheduling, so maybe completely disable scheduling, so maybe completely disable scheduling, so maybe in your natural prompting it's in your natural prompting it's in your natural prompting it's accidentally creating all these crrons, accidentally creating all these crrons, accidentally creating all these crrons, you could go into your environment you could go into your environment you could go into your environment variables and just disable that and it variables and just disable that and it variables and just disable that and it would probably be able to help you would probably be able to help you would probably be able to help you figure that out. So the other things figure that out. So the other things figure that out. So the other things here are that if you close the terminal, here are that if you close the terminal, here are that if you close the terminal, your tasks are gone. It doesn't have your tasks are gone. It doesn't have your tasks are gone. It doesn't have catchup. So the scheduled tasks, if you, catchup. So the scheduled tasks, if you, catchup. So the scheduled tasks, if you, you know, opened up your desktop app and you know, opened up your desktop app and you know, opened up your desktop app and you missed a bunch, it would catch up you missed a bunch, it would catch up you missed a bunch, it would catch up automatically. This doesn't do that. And automatically. This doesn't do that. And automatically. This doesn't do that. And there's no persistence, meaning after there's no persistence, meaning after there's no persistence, meaning after your 3 days and you wanted to do that your 3 days and you wanted to do that your 3 days and you wanted to do that same loop again. It would be a fresh same loop again. It would be a fresh same loop again. It would be a fresh session. But obviously, there's tons of session. But obviously, there's tons of session. But obviously, there's tons of things you can do here with context things you can do here with context things you can do here with context management and reading different files management and reading different files management and reading different files in order to kind of Frankenstein your in order to kind of Frankenstein your in order to kind of Frankenstein your own fix there. So now that all the own fix there. So now that all the own fix there. So now that all the features have been explained and you've features have been explained and you've features have been explained and you've seen a demo, I think that probably you seen a demo, I think that probably you seen a demo, I think that probably you understand the difference between the understand the difference between the understand the difference between the loop and the schedule tasks a bit better loop and the schedule tasks a bit better loop and the schedule tasks a bit better now. But let's just go over some of the now. But let's just go over some of the now. But let's just go over some of the key highlights. The loop has your 3-day key highlights. The loop has your 3-day key highlights. The loop has your 3-day expiry. It's all done within one session expiry. It's all done within one session expiry. It's all done within one session and there's no catch-up. It's basically and there's no catch-up. It's basically and there's no catch-up. It's basically a help me now or help me on this project a help me now or help me on this project a help me now or help me on this project for today type of function. The schedule for today type of function. The schedule for today type of function. The schedule tasks are dis stored. They're longived. tasks are dis stored. They're longived. tasks are dis stored. They're longived. They have catchup and these are like They have catchup and these are like They have catchup and these are like daily, weekly, monthly functions that daily, weekly, monthly functions that daily, weekly, monthly functions that can run indefinitely. Of course, with can run indefinitely. Of course, with can run indefinitely. Of course, with both of these though, the terminal or both of these though, the terminal or both of these though, the terminal or you know the app has to be open and this you know the app has to be open and this you know the app has to be open and this one is only currently available in the one is only currently available in the one is only currently available in the desktop app. But I can imagine with how desktop app. But I can imagine with how desktop app. But I can imagine with how fast Enthropic is shipping things, maybe fast Enthropic is shipping things, maybe fast Enthropic is shipping things, maybe by the time you watch this video, by the time you watch this video, by the time you watch this video, scheduled tasks are already out for the scheduled tasks are already out for the scheduled tasks are already out for the terminal and extensions as well, the way terminal and extensions as well, the way terminal and extensions as well, the way that loop is available in cloud code that loop is available in cloud code that loop is available in cloud code everywhere. So basically, it's one everywhere. So basically, it's one everywhere. So basically, it's one simple question. Do you need help right simple question. Do you need help right simple question. Do you need help right now on a project or do you need help now on a project or do you need help now on a project or do you need help with something every day or every week? with something every day or every week? with something every day or every week? And that's how you decide if you use the And that's how you decide if you use the And that's how you decide if you use the new loop feature or if you use scheduled new loop feature or if you use scheduled new loop feature or if you use scheduled tasks. So I thought I'd end off real tasks. So I thought I'd end off real tasks. So I thought I'd end off real quick by giving a few maybe practical quick by giving a few maybe practical quick by giving a few maybe practical ways that you could actually use loop ways that you could actually use loop ways that you could actually use loop rather than something scheduled. So rather than something scheduled. So rather than something scheduled. So maybe all day you're waiting on a very maybe all day you're waiting on a very maybe all day you're waiting on a very urgent email. Just set up Cloud Code to urgent email. Just set up Cloud Code to urgent email. Just set up Cloud Code to check in on that email every 5 minutes check in on that email every 5 minutes check in on that email every 5 minutes and if it's there, it can automatically and if it's there, it can automatically and if it's there, it can automatically let you know. Maybe you're working on a let you know. Maybe you're working on a let you know. Maybe you're working on a deploy and you want to just pull that deploy and you want to just pull that deploy and you want to just pull that and check every, you know, hour or so if and check every, you know, hour or so if and check every, you know, hour or so if everything's working okay. Maybe you've everything's working okay. Maybe you've everything's working okay. Maybe you've got a deadline due at the end of the got a deadline due at the end of the got a deadline due at the end of the week and you need a 3-day sprint to be week and you need a 3-day sprint to be week and you need a 3-day sprint to be constantly checking in on the team and constantly checking in on the team and constantly checking in on the team and checking in on progress. Maybe you're checking in on progress. Maybe you're checking in on progress. Maybe you're testing and iterating. Maybe you're testing and iterating. Maybe you're testing and iterating. Maybe you're watching logs. Maybe you're tracking watching logs. Maybe you're tracking watching logs. Maybe you're tracking changes. There's so many different use changes. There's so many different use changes. There's so many different use cases here. There's so many different cases here. There's so many different cases here. There's so many different ways to use the loop to prompt an agent ways to use the loop to prompt an agent ways to use the loop to prompt an agent to have different files, to use to have different files, to use to have different files, to use different skills, and it's really, different skills, and it's really, different skills, and it's really, really cool the way that you could really cool the way that you could really cool the way that you could potentially set these things up. Now potentially set these things up. Now potentially set these things up. Now that we've built our first couple that we've built our first couple that we've built our first couple workflows, we understand the components. workflows, we understand the components. workflows, we understand the components. Cloud code is insanely smart. We use it Cloud code is insanely smart. We use it Cloud code is insanely smart. We use it in plan mode, and it helps us build in plan mode, and it helps us build in plan mode, and it helps us build automations. And then we take those automations. And then we take those automations. And then we take those code-based automations and we put them code-based automations and we put them code-based automations and we put them in something like modal or trigger.dev, in something like modal or trigger.dev, in something like modal or trigger.dev, and they run 24/7. We understand and they run 24/7. We understand and they run 24/7. We understand workflows, we understand tools, and we workflows, we understand tools, and we workflows, we understand tools, and we understand claw.md. But now, we're going understand claw.md. But now, we're going understand claw.md. But now, we're going to get a little bit more advanced. So, to get a little bit more advanced. So, to get a little bit more advanced. So, we're going to dive a little bit deeper we're going to dive a little bit deeper we're going to dive a little bit deeper into some best practices around your into some best practices around your into some best practices around your claw.md. We're also going to discuss claw.md. We're also going to discuss claw.md. We're also going to discuss project architecture and some other project architecture and some other project architecture and some other helpful built-in commands. So, let's get helpful built-in commands. So, let's get helpful built-in commands. So, let's get into it. Okay, unfortunately, we're back to the Okay, unfortunately, we're back to the Okay, unfortunately, we're back to the boring slides, but need you guys to pay boring slides, but need you guys to pay boring slides, but need you guys to pay attention here. So, more concepts. This attention here. So, more concepts. This attention here. So, more concepts. This one's going to be short. We're going to one's going to be short. We're going to one's going to be short. We're going to talk about more claw.mmd tips. We're talk about more claw.mmd tips. We're talk about more claw.mmd tips. We're going to talk about essential/comands, going to talk about essential/comands, going to talk about essential/comands, and we're going to talk about project and we're going to talk about project and we're going to talk about project folder architecture. This one is really folder architecture. This one is really folder architecture. This one is really important to pay attention to. This is important to pay attention to. This is important to pay attention to. This is probably one of the things that caused probably one of the things that caused probably one of the things that caused me the most confusion when I first me the most confusion when I first me the most confusion when I first started. So, we're going to make it started. So, we're going to make it started. So, we're going to make it clear. clear. clear. So, you've seen the cloudm a good one we So, you've seen the cloudm a good one we So, you've seen the cloudm a good one we know contains a project overview, text know contains a project overview, text know contains a project overview, text stack, architecture overview, coding stack, architecture overview, coding stack, architecture overview, coding conventions, common commands, conventions, common commands, conventions, common commands, constraints, and where it can find more constraints, and where it can find more constraints, and where it can find more context. context. context. Now, let's talk about some best Now, let's talk about some best Now, let's talk about some best practices. practices. practices. You might see different things online. I You might see different things online. I You might see different things online. I like to try to keep mine under 200 like to try to keep mine under 200 like to try to keep mine under 200 lines. And I found that by effectively lines. And I found that by effectively lines. And I found that by effectively using, you know, routing rules just using, you know, routing rules just using, you know, routing rules just basically means pointing to different basically means pointing to different basically means pointing to different files and using um other compression files and using um other compression files and using um other compression techniques, techniques, techniques, keeping it under 200 100 lines is doable keeping it under 200 100 lines is doable keeping it under 200 100 lines is doable and it's great. So shorter equals less and it's great. So shorter equals less and it's great. So shorter equals less tokens. Be very specific. So saying tokens. Be very specific. So saying tokens. Be very specific. So saying something like use two space annotation something like use two space annotation something like use two space annotation is much better than just saying format is much better than just saying format is much better than just saying format it nicely. Treat this as a living it nicely. Treat this as a living it nicely. Treat this as a living document. So just because you made your document. So just because you made your document. So just because you made your cloudd file does not mean you're done. I cloudd file does not mean you're done. I cloudd file does not mean you're done. I update my cloud.MD MD file probably update my cloud.MD MD file probably update my cloud.MD MD file probably every single day if not yeah probably every single day if not yeah probably every single day if not yeah probably every single day I was going to say every single day I was going to say every single day I was going to say every hour but that would be a hyperbole every hour but that would be a hyperbole every hour but that would be a hyperbole every single day I'm updating my clawmd every single day I'm updating my clawmd every single day I'm updating my clawmd now you can also use in it we talked now you can also use in it we talked now you can also use in it we talked about that and you can also use rules about that and you can also use rules about that and you can also use rules for putting certain things in which for putting certain things in which for putting certain things in which means let's say you have a specific rule means let's say you have a specific rule means let's say you have a specific rule about the way that you like to write about the way that you like to write about the way that you like to write emails or the way that you like to emails or the way that you like to emails or the way that you like to handle internal comms there's no point handle internal comms there's no point handle internal comms there's no point to put that into the claude MD because to put that into the claude MD because to put that into the claude MD because does claude need to know that every does claude need to know that every does claude need to know that every single time you talk to it. No, it needs single time you talk to it. No, it needs single time you talk to it. No, it needs it on occasion. And so what you can say it on occasion. And so what you can say it on occasion. And so what you can say is, hey, when you need to understand is, hey, when you need to understand is, hey, when you need to understand rules about the way I speak, go to the rules about the way I speak, go to the rules about the way I speak, go to the rules folder and you can find the rules rules folder and you can find the rules rules folder and you can find the rules there. Right? So that's a little trick there. Right? So that's a little trick there. Right? So that's a little trick we call routing. So it's really we call routing. So it's really we call routing. So it's really important to understand how you can important to understand how you can important to understand how you can route as much as possible. The cloudmd route as much as possible. The cloudmd route as much as possible. The cloudmd is not a know all is not a know all is not a know all file. It is a I know where everything I file. It is a I know where everything I file. It is a I know where everything I need to find lives file. It's basically need to find lives file. It's basically need to find lives file. It's basically your table of contents. Think of it like your table of contents. Think of it like your table of contents. Think of it like that. that. that. So So So no. Okay. I I thought I had another no. Okay. I I thought I had another no. Okay. I I thought I had another thought, but we're going to move on. So thought, but we're going to move on. So thought, but we're going to move on. So this is the example I showed you guys this is the example I showed you guys this is the example I showed you guys earlier, right? So this is my executive earlier, right? So this is my executive earlier, right? So this is my executive assistant. This is the beginning of the assistant. This is the beginning of the assistant. This is the beginning of the cloud.MD. And you can see this is an cloud.MD. And you can see this is an cloud.MD. And you can see this is an example of routing right here, right? example of routing right here, right? example of routing right here, right? Because if I jammed everything about me Because if I jammed everything about me Because if I jammed everything about me in this file, everything about my work in this file, everything about my work in this file, everything about my work or about my team or about my current or about my team or about my current or about my team or about my current priorities in this file, it'd be huge. priorities in this file, it'd be huge. priorities in this file, it'd be huge. But I can say, hey, if you need any of But I can say, hey, if you need any of But I can say, hey, if you need any of this stuff, you know where to find it. this stuff, you know where to find it. this stuff, you know where to find it. And it's really, really effective. And it's really, really effective. And it's really, really effective. So So So you're in VS Code, you're in cloud code you're in VS Code, you're in cloud code you're in VS Code, you're in cloud code and you have folders on the lefth hand and you have folders on the lefth hand and you have folders on the lefth hand side, right? Like maybe you've got your side, right? Like maybe you've got your side, right? Like maybe you've got your workflows folder or maybe you've got workflows folder or maybe you've got workflows folder or maybe you've got your, you know, brand assets, whatever your, you know, brand assets, whatever your, you know, brand assets, whatever it is. What you want to do is you want it is. What you want to do is you want it is. What you want to do is you want to make sure your projects have a folder to make sure your projects have a folder to make sure your projects have a folder called called called dotcloud is basically like that project dotcloud is basically like that project dotcloud is basically like that project directory, the project settings. And directory, the project settings. And directory, the project settings. And there's a couple different types of there's a couple different types of there's a couple different types of dotcloud. Now, for now, I'm not going to dotcloud. Now, for now, I'm not going to dotcloud. Now, for now, I'm not going to touch too much on the system level path touch too much on the system level path touch too much on the system level path because this is usually if you're set, because this is usually if you're set, because this is usually if you're set, you know, within an organization, but me you know, within an organization, but me you know, within an organization, but me locally working with my team and stuff, locally working with my team and stuff, locally working with my team and stuff, I either have a global cloud folder, I either have a global cloud folder, I either have a global cloud folder, which is not the one you see in VS Code, which is not the one you see in VS Code, which is not the one you see in VS Code, that lives somewhere in your home that lives somewhere in your home that lives somewhere in your home directory on your computer, or you have directory on your computer, or you have directory on your computer, or you have your project cla your project cla your project cla that you're looking at in VS Code. So, that you're looking at in VS Code. So, that you're looking at in VS Code. So, this is local. This is based on your this is local. This is based on your this is local. This is based on your project. This one is based on every project. This one is based on every project. This one is based on every cloud code project you ever work on cloud code project you ever work on cloud code project you ever work on ever. So, for example, let's say you ever. So, for example, let's say you ever. So, for example, let's say you have a setting in your in in your um have a setting in your in in your um have a setting in your in in your um cloud code, right? So, I don't want to cloud code, right? So, I don't want to cloud code, right? So, I don't want to get too ahead of myself here, but get too ahead of myself here, but get too ahead of myself here, but um I've got basically a setting that um I've got basically a setting that um I've got basically a setting that always allows a certain MCP server, always allows a certain MCP server, always allows a certain MCP server, right? Or a certain front-end skill, right? Or a certain front-end skill, right? Or a certain front-end skill, let's just call it that. Now, if I'm let's just call it that. Now, if I'm let's just call it that. Now, if I'm using that same configuration, if every using that same configuration, if every using that same configuration, if every single project that I want to work on single project that I want to work on single project that I want to work on ever, I want to allow that same server, ever, I want to allow that same server, ever, I want to allow that same server, then it would make no sense for me to then it would make no sense for me to then it would make no sense for me to put it in every single project when I put it in every single project when I put it in every single project when I could just put it globally. Okay, so could just put it globally. Okay, so could just put it globally. Okay, so that's just kind of the the idea. that's just kind of the the idea. that's just kind of the the idea. There's a difference between global and There's a difference between global and There's a difference between global and project level. project level. project level. So, So, So, we have automemory, which means that we we have automemory, which means that we we have automemory, which means that we have cloud.mmd, which Claude always have cloud.mmd, which Claude always have cloud.mmd, which Claude always looks at, but Claude also has auto looks at, but Claude also has auto looks at, but Claude also has auto memory, so things get persisted across memory, so things get persisted across memory, so things get persisted across sessions, which is really, really cool. sessions, which is really, really cool. sessions, which is really, really cool. So if you tell Claude always use, you So if you tell Claude always use, you So if you tell Claude always use, you know, PNPM, not npm, claude will save know, PNPM, not npm, claude will save know, PNPM, not npm, claude will save that to a global claude folder, and you that to a global claude folder, and you that to a global claude folder, and you know it's global because you have this know it's global because you have this know it's global because you have this little tilda in front of it, right? So little tilda in front of it, right? So little tilda in front of it, right? So back over here, you can see this was back over here, you can see this was back over here, you can see this was just a dot /.claude, but this global one just a dot /.claude, but this global one just a dot /.claude, but this global one is a tilda. So whenever you see the is a tilda. So whenever you see the is a tilda. So whenever you see the tilda, it's a global setting. So now tilda, it's a global setting. So now tilda, it's a global setting. So now this memory.mmd file that's global this memory.mmd file that's global this memory.mmd file that's global across every project, Claude is able to across every project, Claude is able to across every project, Claude is able to look at. And you can also edit that look at. And you can also edit that look at. And you can also edit that automemory file anytime. So the same way automemory file anytime. So the same way automemory file anytime. So the same way in chatbt on the browser or in claude on in chatbt on the browser or in claude on in chatbt on the browser or in claude on the browser you have persistent memory the browser you have persistent memory the browser you have persistent memory it's basically the same thing. So it's it's basically the same thing. So it's it's basically the same thing. So it's really cool. really cool. really cool. Now here are a few slash commands to be Now here are a few slash commands to be Now here are a few slash commands to be aware of for session management. So we aware of for session management. So we aware of for session management. So we obviously talked about slashinit. We've obviously talked about slashinit. We've obviously talked about slashinit. We've talked about slashclear. It wipes the talked about slashclear. It wipes the talked about slashclear. It wipes the conversation. We've talked about slash conversation. We've talked about slash conversation. We've talked about slash compact a little bit but what's cool compact a little bit but what's cool compact a little bit but what's cool about slash compact. So like let's say about slash compact. So like let's say about slash compact. So like let's say you're at 60% context window. Usually at you're at 60% context window. Usually at you're at 60% context window. Usually at 60 I like to compact. Now, you can just 60 I like to compact. Now, you can just 60 I like to compact. Now, you can just do compact and it will say, "Okay, do compact and it will say, "Okay, do compact and it will say, "Okay, here's the conversation. Here are the here's the conversation. Here are the here's the conversation. Here are the five most important things. I'm going to five most important things. I'm going to five most important things. I'm going to pull those out, get rid of everything pull those out, get rid of everything pull those out, get rid of everything else, and put those five most important else, and put those five most important else, and put those five most important things back in the conversation." So, things back in the conversation." So, things back in the conversation." So, now we are back at like maybe 10% of the now we are back at like maybe 10% of the now we are back at like maybe 10% of the context, and we still have all of the context, and we still have all of the context, and we still have all of the important stuff we need. important stuff we need. important stuff we need. Now, what you can do is instead of just Now, what you can do is instead of just Now, what you can do is instead of just saying /compact, you can say /compact saying /compact, you can say /compact saying /compact, you can say /compact keep the information about the website keep the information about the website keep the information about the website design, and it can get rid of everything design, and it can get rid of everything design, and it can get rid of everything else. So, you can be specific about what else. So, you can be specific about what else. So, you can be specific about what it compacts, which is pretty cool. We it compacts, which is pretty cool. We it compacts, which is pretty cool. We have slashre, which honestly I don't use have slashre, which honestly I don't use have slashre, which honestly I don't use that much, but it's nice that it's that much, but it's nice that it's that much, but it's nice that it's there. It's basically an undo button. there. It's basically an undo button. there. It's basically an undo button. And then we have /resume, which means And then we have /resume, which means And then we have /resume, which means you could resume a session that you were you could resume a session that you were you could resume a session that you were working on, you know, a couple days ago working on, you know, a couple days ago working on, you know, a couple days ago or a couple weeks ago. or a couple weeks ago. or a couple weeks ago. We have information and diagnostics We have information and diagnostics We have information and diagnostics commands. So, we've got /context we've commands. So, we've got /context we've commands. So, we've got /context we've talked about. We've got /cost, which talked about. We've got /cost, which talked about. We've got /cost, which shows the token usage and cost. We have shows the token usage and cost. We have shows the token usage and cost. We have slashmodel to change model. We have slashmodel to change model. We have slashmodel to change model. We have slashhelp to look at all the commands. slashhelp to look at all the commands. slashhelp to look at all the commands. We have /d doctor which can run We have /d doctor which can run We have /d doctor which can run diagnostics to see your installation and diagnostics to see your installation and diagnostics to see your installation and see if everything's working. And we have see if everything's working. And we have see if everything's working. And we have slash status which will show you the slash status which will show you the slash status which will show you the version of cloud code and your model and version of cloud code and your model and version of cloud code and your model and your account and things like that. Now your account and things like that. Now your account and things like that. Now the cool thing about this is you don't the cool thing about this is you don't the cool thing about this is you don't have to memorize these. You can have to memorize these. You can have to memorize these. You can literally say hey I want to look at literally say hey I want to look at literally say hey I want to look at this. Do you have any commands? Or hey I this. Do you have any commands? Or hey I this. Do you have any commands? Or hey I want to do this and it might just invoke want to do this and it might just invoke want to do this and it might just invoke them automatically. But just kind of them automatically. But just kind of them automatically. But just kind of good to know right. good to know right. good to know right. So configuration we've got our SL So configuration we've got our SL So configuration we've got our SL mememory which I talked about to auto mememory which I talked about to auto mememory which I talked about to auto auto or to edit that automemory. We have auto or to edit that automemory. We have auto or to edit that automemory. We have slashconfig. We have SL permissions, we slashconfig. We have SL permissions, we slashconfig. We have SL permissions, we have SLMCP, and we have SL aents. All of have SLMCP, and we have SL aents. All of have SLMCP, and we have SL aents. All of these are going to get touched on later these are going to get touched on later these are going to get touched on later in the course as well. So you don't have in the course as well. So you don't have in the course as well. So you don't have to memorize these. Once again, just to memorize these. Once again, just to memorize these. Once again, just trying to get you familiar. trying to get you familiar. trying to get you familiar. So once again, we have the project So once again, we have the project So once again, we have the project folder architecture idea because this folder architecture idea because this folder architecture idea because this goes beyond just our cloud MD. This goes goes beyond just our cloud MD. This goes goes beyond just our cloud MD. This goes into skills, agents, MCP servers, into skills, agents, MCP servers, into skills, agents, MCP servers, settings, everything. So we have once settings, everything. So we have once settings, everything. So we have once again user level, global, we have the again user level, global, we have the again user level, global, we have the tilda, and this is across all projects. tilda, and this is across all projects. tilda, and this is across all projects. We have project level settings which is We have project level settings which is We have project level settings which is in yourcloud you have a settings.json in yourcloud you have a settings.json in yourcloud you have a settings.json which means anyone that accesses this which means anyone that accesses this which means anyone that accesses this project can see that setting file and project can see that setting file and project can see that setting file and configure it or we have our local configure it or we have our local configure it or we have our local project which is settings.local.json project which is settings.local.json project which is settings.local.json and that is just you. Okay. and that is just you. Okay. and that is just you. Okay. So what goes where settings.json it goes So what goes where settings.json it goes So what goes where settings.json it goes in your personal defaults claude in your personal defaults claude in your personal defaults claude settings.json goes in your team settings.json goes in your team settings.json goes in your team standards and yourcloud/s settings.local standards and yourcloud/s settings.local standards and yourcloud/s settings.local local is basically the overrides for the local is basically the overrides for the local is basically the overrides for the specific project. So it goes in this specific project. So it goes in this specific project. So it goes in this order. Let's say you want to do order. Let's say you want to do order. Let's say you want to do something or you want cloud code to do something or you want cloud code to do something or you want cloud code to do something. It will first check your something. It will first check your something. It will first check your local settings local settings local settings and then it will check your project and then it will check your project and then it will check your project settings and then it will check your settings and then it will check your settings and then it will check your global. So this is basically the global. So this is basically the global. So this is basically the hierarchy. So like let's say there's a hierarchy. So like let's say there's a hierarchy. So like let's say there's a certain command called read, right? So certain command called read, right? So certain command called read, right? So let's say it wants to read a file. If let's say it wants to read a file. If let's say it wants to read a file. If local says do not ever use read, it will local says do not ever use read, it will local says do not ever use read, it will instantly stop. But if um local says yes instantly stop. But if um local says yes instantly stop. But if um local says yes you can and project says yes you can and you can and project says yes you can and you can and project says yes you can and then global says no you can't it'll stop then global says no you can't it'll stop then global says no you can't it'll stop there. So that's just kind of like the there. So that's just kind of like the there. So that's just kind of like the order of operations the hierarchy. order of operations the hierarchy. order of operations the hierarchy. So this is what it looks like. This is a So this is what it looks like. This is a So this is what it looks like. This is a project level directory. So let's say project level directory. So let's say project level directory. So let's say you open up VS Code and you have a you open up VS Code and you have a you open up VS Code and you have a project called um websites. That's what project called um websites. That's what project called um websites. That's what you'll see up top. Then below that you'll see up top. Then below that you'll see up top. Then below that you'll see your cloud. And when you open you'll see your cloud. And when you open you'll see your cloud. And when you open up yourcloud, that's when you might see up yourcloud, that's when you might see up yourcloud, that's when you might see your settings.json, your your settings.json, your your settings.json, your settings.local.json, settings.local.json, settings.local.json, your cloud.md, your rules, your skills, your cloud.md, your rules, your skills, your cloud.md, your rules, your skills, your agents, your commands. Oops. And your agents, your commands. Oops. And your agents, your commands. Oops. And then outside of that folder, you might then outside of that folder, you might then outside of that folder, you might see your MCP config or you might see see your MCP config or you might see see your MCP config or you might see your cloud. Mmd. And so those are just your cloud. Mmd. And so those are just your cloud. Mmd. And so those are just kind of like the different drill downs kind of like the different drill downs kind of like the different drill downs that you'll be able to see. that you'll be able to see. that you'll be able to see. Now, this one is a global one. So it Now, this one is a global one. So it Now, this one is a global one. So it looks very similar, right? We've got looks very similar, right? We've got looks very similar, right? We've got cloud, we've got settings, claude, cloud, we've got settings, claude, cloud, we've got settings, claude, agent, skills, rules, whatever. But this agent, skills, rules, whatever. But this agent, skills, rules, whatever. But this is the global one. So this doesn't exist is the global one. So this doesn't exist is the global one. So this doesn't exist in a particular project. It exists on in a particular project. It exists on in a particular project. It exists on your cloud code configuration. your cloud code configuration. your cloud code configuration. So what is the purpose of all this? So what is the purpose of all this? So what is the purpose of all this? Don't want to hammer this home, but I Don't want to hammer this home, but I Don't want to hammer this home, but I thought that this little, you know, I thought that this little, you know, I thought that this little, you know, I don't want to over beat a dead horse don't want to over beat a dead horse don't want to over beat a dead horse here, but this is a breakdown to look at here, but this is a breakdown to look at here, but this is a breakdown to look at as far as like the file, the purpose, as far as like the file, the purpose, as far as like the file, the purpose, and if it's shared or not. So hopefully and if it's shared or not. So hopefully and if it's shared or not. So hopefully this is all this is all this is all at a high level making sense. I at a high level making sense. I at a high level making sense. I understand though looking at this it understand though looking at this it understand though looking at this it might look completely foreign and you're might look completely foreign and you're might look completely foreign and you're like what in the world? I promise you like what in the world? I promise you like what in the world? I promise you that's normal. All you have to do is get that's normal. All you have to do is get that's normal. All you have to do is get into there and start building and all of into there and start building and all of into there and start building and all of these videos are going to walk you these videos are going to walk you these videos are going to walk you through it and it will start to make through it and it will start to make through it and it will start to make more sense. It's just so much more more sense. It's just so much more more sense. It's just so much more helpful to understand what you're helpful to understand what you're helpful to understand what you're looking at first. At least in my looking at first. At least in my looking at first. At least in my opinion. Okay. So the dotclaw directory. opinion. Okay. So the dotclaw directory. opinion. Okay. So the dotclaw directory. What is getit ignore? because you're What is getit ignore? because you're What is getit ignore? because you're probably going to see that when you run probably going to see that when you run probably going to see that when you run /init or when you start to have, you /init or when you start to have, you /init or when you start to have, you know, projects being synced to GitHub. know, projects being synced to GitHub. know, projects being synced to GitHub. You're going to see something called.git You're going to see something called.git You're going to see something called.git ignore. This is basically just a system ignore. This is basically just a system ignore. This is basically just a system that tracks your codebase changes, that tracks your codebase changes, that tracks your codebase changes, right? And ignore is literally just a right? And ignore is literally just a right? And ignore is literally just a file that tells cloud code, don't ever file that tells cloud code, don't ever file that tells cloud code, don't ever push any of the files in here to GitHub. push any of the files in here to GitHub. push any of the files in here to GitHub. So in your dockit ignore, maybe you have So in your dockit ignore, maybe you have So in your dockit ignore, maybe you have some pictures of yourself that you don't some pictures of yourself that you don't some pictures of yourself that you don't want to get out there, or maybe you have want to get out there, or maybe you have want to get out there, or maybe you have some passwords or API keys. All you'd some passwords or API keys. All you'd some passwords or API keys. All you'd have to do is in the docket ignore just have to do is in the docket ignore just have to do is in the docket ignore just put the name of those folders or files put the name of those folders or files put the name of those folders or files and then they'll automatically be and then they'll automatically be and then they'll automatically be excluded from GitHub or from git. excluded from GitHub or from git. excluded from GitHub or from git. Um Um Um that's basically it, right? There's also that's basically it, right? There's also that's basically it, right? There's also going to be one called.git keep. So same going to be one called.git keep. So same going to be one called.git keep. So same thing. thing. thing. So here is an example of my executive So here is an example of my executive So here is an example of my executive assistant project, right? You can see assistant project, right? You can see assistant project, right? You can see that we've got some stuff going on here. that we've got some stuff going on here. that we've got some stuff going on here. We've got the cloud folder. We've got We've got the cloud folder. We've got We've got the cloud folder. We've got archives brand assets. We've got archives brand assets. We've got archives brand assets. We've got projects which is currently open. And projects which is currently open. And projects which is currently open. And you can see that there's a lot of you can see that there's a lot of you can see that there's a lot of folders and a lot of files in here. folders and a lot of files in here. folders and a lot of files in here. You'll also see down here that I have a You'll also see down here that I have a You'll also see down here that I have a claw.md. I also have a claw.local.md. claw.md. I also have a claw.local.md. claw.md. I also have a claw.local.md. I have agit ignore. And then you also I have agit ignore. And then you also I have agit ignore. And then you also see that some things are grayed out like see that some things are grayed out like see that some things are grayed out like the env or the Google ooth json. the env or the Google ooth json. the env or the Google ooth json. Now anything that exists in the ignore Now anything that exists in the ignore Now anything that exists in the ignore will be grayed out. And that's just a will be grayed out. And that's just a will be grayed out. And that's just a visual way of saying this is not going visual way of saying this is not going visual way of saying this is not going to be put in GitHub, which is great. to be put in GitHub, which is great. to be put in GitHub, which is great. Anything that is green is a new file Anything that is green is a new file Anything that is green is a new file that git has never seen before and it that git has never seen before and it that git has never seen before and it hasn't been committed anywhere. So I hasn't been committed anywhere. So I hasn't been committed anywhere. So I love this because it's visual. I can love this because it's visual. I can love this because it's visual. I can instantly see, oh, do I need to make a instantly see, oh, do I need to make a instantly see, oh, do I need to make a push? Do I need to save my work? push? Do I need to save my work? push? Do I need to save my work? Essentially, anything that's yellow Essentially, anything that's yellow Essentially, anything that's yellow means that it's a existing file in git, means that it's a existing file in git, means that it's a existing file in git, but there was some sort of update. So but there was some sort of update. So but there was some sort of update. So you have to make a new commit. And you have to make a new commit. And you have to make a new commit. And that's really nice because as everything that's really nice because as everything that's really nice because as everything gets more yellow and gets more green, gets more yellow and gets more green, gets more yellow and gets more green, push it to GitHub, it'll all go white. push it to GitHub, it'll all go white. push it to GitHub, it'll all go white. And then you know you're good. And then you know you're good. And then you know you're good. So, So, So, that is a lot more of the foundational that is a lot more of the foundational that is a lot more of the foundational concepts that you really need to know. concepts that you really need to know. concepts that you really need to know. We're going to get back into building. We're going to get back into building. We're going to get back into building. We're going to do some more stuff here. We're going to do some more stuff here. We're going to do some more stuff here. But hopefully this session was helpful. But hopefully this session was helpful. But hopefully this session was helpful. But I'll see you guys over there. Now, we're going to jump into a quick Now, we're going to jump into a quick Now, we're going to jump into a quick segment about Rag. And in this case, segment about Rag. And in this case, segment about Rag. And in this case, we're using Google's new embeddings we're using Google's new embeddings we're using Google's new embeddings model that just came out. And it's model that just came out. And it's model that just came out. And it's really cool because it lets us really really cool because it lets us really really cool because it lets us really easily embed videos, images, and audio easily embed videos, images, and audio easily embed videos, images, and audio as well as our text. So, like I said, it as well as our text. So, like I said, it as well as our text. So, like I said, it just makes it super super easy. So, just makes it super super easy. So, just makes it super super easy. So, check this out. Google just dropped Gemini Embedding 2, Google just dropped Gemini Embedding 2, Google just dropped Gemini Embedding 2, which is their very first natively which is their very first natively which is their very first natively multimodal embedding model, and it is multimodal embedding model, and it is multimodal embedding model, and it is already blowing my mind. This means that already blowing my mind. This means that already blowing my mind. This means that you can have completely multimodal you can have completely multimodal you can have completely multimodal databases with text, images, videos, databases with text, images, videos, databases with text, images, videos, audio, and documents. And it can audio, and documents. And it can audio, and documents. And it can actually understand the nuanced actually understand the nuanced actually understand the nuanced relationships between these different relationships between these different relationships between these different types of media so that you can have types of media so that you can have types of media so that you can have actual realworld answers back. And actual realworld answers back. And actual realworld answers back. And here's a quick look at some of the here's a quick look at some of the here's a quick look at some of the benchmarks, which I always think are benchmarks, which I always think are benchmarks, which I always think are important to look at, but I think it's important to look at, but I think it's important to look at, but I think it's always worth taking it with a grain of always worth taking it with a grain of always worth taking it with a grain of salt. And that's why in today's video, salt. And that's why in today's video, salt. And that's why in today's video, I'm going to show you a few examples I'm going to show you a few examples I'm going to show you a few examples that I already built out that are super that I already built out that are super that I already built out that are super practical. And then I'm going to show practical. And then I'm going to show practical. And then I'm going to show you exactly how you can set this up for you exactly how you can set this up for you exactly how you can set this up for yourself. And trust me, it is so much yourself. And trust me, it is so much yourself. And trust me, it is so much easier than you probably think. So, let easier than you probably think. So, let easier than you probably think. So, let me show you some examples and then I'll me show you some examples and then I'll me show you some examples and then I'll teach you how to do this yourself. So, teach you how to do this yourself. So, teach you how to do this yourself. So, right here, you can see that I've got a right here, you can see that I've got a right here, you can see that I've got a project called manual, which basically project called manual, which basically project called manual, which basically stands for like instruction manual. So, stands for like instruction manual. So, stands for like instruction manual. So, what I did is I dropped in this PDF what I did is I dropped in this PDF what I did is I dropped in this PDF right here, which is a 68page PDF about right here, which is a 68page PDF about right here, which is a 68page PDF about how to use this vacuum cleaner. You can how to use this vacuum cleaner. You can how to use this vacuum cleaner. You can see that it's pretty complex. It's got see that it's pretty complex. It's got see that it's pretty complex. It's got tons of different text. It's got tons of tons of different text. It's got tons of tons of different text. It's got tons of diagrams. It's got images. And if you diagrams. It's got images. And if you diagrams. It's got images. And if you wanted to be able to chat with it, it wanted to be able to chat with it, it wanted to be able to chat with it, it would be pretty complicated to build would be pretty complicated to build would be pretty complicated to build this ingestion pipeline if you use this ingestion pipeline if you use this ingestion pipeline if you use something like Nitn because you'd have something like Nitn because you'd have something like Nitn because you'd have to figure out exactly how you want to to figure out exactly how you want to to figure out exactly how you want to chunk it and how to capture the images chunk it and how to capture the images chunk it and how to capture the images and how to store those and how to pull and how to store those and how to pull and how to store those and how to pull them back. But I kid you not, I dropped them back. But I kid you not, I dropped them back. But I kid you not, I dropped in the PDF right here and I said, "Hey, in the PDF right here and I said, "Hey, in the PDF right here and I said, "Hey, Cloud Code, there's the PDF. I want to Cloud Code, there's the PDF. I want to Cloud Code, there's the PDF. I want to be able to chat with this using Google's be able to chat with this using Google's be able to chat with this using Google's new embeddings model. Just go build it new embeddings model. Just go build it new embeddings model. Just go build it for me." And not only did it build it for me." And not only did it build it for me." And not only did it build it for me, but it built this app where I for me, but it built this app where I for me, but it built this app where I can actually talk to it. So let's say I can actually talk to it. So let's say I can actually talk to it. So let's say I ask you know how do I clean the filter? ask you know how do I clean the filter? ask you know how do I clean the filter? It's searching right now our Pine Cone It's searching right now our Pine Cone It's searching right now our Pine Cone database and in the database we're database and in the database we're database and in the database we're storing both text and images. So here storing both text and images. So here storing both text and images. So here you can see it says to clean the filter you can see it says to clean the filter you can see it says to clean the filter follow these steps number one number two follow these steps number one number two follow these steps number one number two blah blah blah. And then down here we blah blah blah. And then down here we blah blah blah. And then down here we have actual images. So if I click on have actual images. So if I click on have actual images. So if I click on this one we can see the actual diagram this one we can see the actual diagram this one we can see the actual diagram that it pulled from because sometimes that it pulled from because sometimes that it pulled from because sometimes when you're trying to troubleshoot when you're trying to troubleshoot when you're trying to troubleshoot things especially if it's physical an things especially if it's physical an things especially if it's physical an image is way more valuable than text. image is way more valuable than text. image is way more valuable than text. And what you can see here is that it And what you can see here is that it And what you can see here is that it also returned the same diagram in also returned the same diagram in also returned the same diagram in different languages but you could turn different languages but you could turn different languages but you could turn that off if you didn't want to. And that off if you didn't want to. And that off if you didn't want to. And what's super cool is at the end I can what's super cool is at the end I can what's super cool is at the end I can actually expand the sources and it shows actually expand the sources and it shows actually expand the sources and it shows me the different pages that it looked at me the different pages that it looked at me the different pages that it looked at and the confidence score or the percent and the confidence score or the percent and the confidence score or the percent match that it had for that page. Let's match that it had for that page. Let's match that it had for that page. Let's go ahead and try one more for this demo go ahead and try one more for this demo go ahead and try one more for this demo which is just a very broad what are the which is just a very broad what are the which is just a very broad what are the parts and I'm assuming there's lots of parts and I'm assuming there's lots of parts and I'm assuming there's lots of different pages that it might need to different pages that it might need to different pages that it might need to figure out what the parts are. So what figure out what the parts are. So what figure out what the parts are. So what we got here are we have the main we got here are we have the main we got here are we have the main components from page six. We have what's components from page six. We have what's components from page six. We have what's included on page seven and then we have included on page seven and then we have included on page seven and then we have available accessories. So that's super available accessories. So that's super available accessories. So that's super good. And it looks like we got three good. And it looks like we got three good. And it looks like we got three different images. So we have what's in different images. So we have what's in different images. So we have what's in the box. We have the actual getting to the box. We have the actual getting to the box. We have the actual getting to know your Hoover Impulse cordless know your Hoover Impulse cordless know your Hoover Impulse cordless vacuum. So, all the other different kind vacuum. So, all the other different kind vacuum. So, all the other different kind of components here. And then the final of components here. And then the final of components here. And then the final image is how to order extra accessories. image is how to order extra accessories. image is how to order extra accessories. So, that's just super cool. Okay, so So, that's just super cool. Okay, so So, that's just super cool. Okay, so that was our instruction manual example. that was our instruction manual example. that was our instruction manual example. I dropped in one PDF and it basically I dropped in one PDF and it basically I dropped in one PDF and it basically was able to turn that into text and was able to turn that into text and was able to turn that into text and images in our database and pull images in our database and pull images in our database and pull everything back accurately. So, then everything back accurately. So, then everything back accurately. So, then let's scale it up a little bit. I am let's scale it up a little bit. I am let's scale it up a little bit. I am doing a roofing example. So, in this doing a roofing example. So, in this doing a roofing example. So, in this one, I gave it 13 images and all these one, I gave it 13 images and all these one, I gave it 13 images and all these images are different roofs that might images are different roofs that might images are different roofs that might have some sort of issue. So, let's say have some sort of issue. So, let's say have some sort of issue. So, let's say you're a roofing company and you help you're a roofing company and you help you're a roofing company and you help fix roofs. What might be helpful is if fix roofs. What might be helpful is if fix roofs. What might be helpful is if you had an app where you internally or a you had an app where you internally or a you had an app where you internally or a client could upload a picture of their client could upload a picture of their client could upload a picture of their roof and you could get like a quote or roof and you could get like a quote or roof and you could get like a quote or an internal brief about any past work an internal brief about any past work an internal brief about any past work that you've done on a roof that looks that you've done on a roof that looks that you've done on a roof that looks like that. So, if I drag in a picture like that. So, if I drag in a picture like that. So, if I drag in a picture right here, it shoots it off and says, right here, it shoots it off and says, right here, it shoots it off and says, "Find similar past projects for this "Find similar past projects for this "Find similar past projects for this roof." It's searching the database. It's roof." It's searching the database. It's roof." It's searching the database. It's looking through all of our different looking through all of our different looking through all of our different past projects, and all of those images past projects, and all of those images past projects, and all of those images have metadata like how much this costed have metadata like how much this costed have metadata like how much this costed us or, you know, how long it took, how us or, you know, how long it took, how us or, you know, how long it took, how many team members. So, here are the five many team members. So, here are the five many team members. So, here are the five similar projects. We get a percent match similar projects. We get a percent match similar projects. We get a percent match for each of them as you can see. And for each of them as you can see. And for each of them as you can see. And then we get a description like quote then we get a description like quote then we get a description like quote range and averages, team size, trend, range and averages, team size, trend, range and averages, team size, trend, roof types, breakdown. And so, roof types, breakdown. And so, roof types, breakdown. And so, obviously, I'm not a roofing expert. If obviously, I'm not a roofing expert. If obviously, I'm not a roofing expert. If you had some subject matter expertise you had some subject matter expertise you had some subject matter expertise about roofs that you could add into about roofs that you could add into about roofs that you could add into here, this would obviously be better, here, this would obviously be better, here, this would obviously be better, and you would have your own data. But, and you would have your own data. But, and you would have your own data. But, it's just really cool that you can get a it's just really cool that you can get a it's just really cool that you can get a quick search across potentially hundreds quick search across potentially hundreds quick search across potentially hundreds and hundreds of projects to do this. And and hundreds of projects to do this. And and hundreds of projects to do this. And I could ask a follow-up. So, let's say I I could ask a follow-up. So, let's say I I could ask a follow-up. So, let's say I said, "Okay, awesome. Can you tell me said, "Okay, awesome. Can you tell me said, "Okay, awesome. Can you tell me about the one that we did in Richmond, about the one that we did in Richmond, about the one that we did in Richmond, Virginia? It looks pretty similar. And Virginia? It looks pretty similar. And Virginia? It looks pretty similar. And at this point, it could pull the at this point, it could pull the at this point, it could pull the metadata from this image and it could go metadata from this image and it could go metadata from this image and it could go grab other pictures from that file if we grab other pictures from that file if we grab other pictures from that file if we had them. But anyways, we get the basic had them. But anyways, we get the basic had them. But anyways, we get the basic info, the scope, what stands out, info, the scope, what stands out, info, the scope, what stands out, pricing, context. Super super awesome. pricing, context. Super super awesome. pricing, context. Super super awesome. But yeah, clearly this needs some But yeah, clearly this needs some But yeah, clearly this needs some subject matter expertise. It obviously subject matter expertise. It obviously subject matter expertise. It obviously made up all this data because I feel made up all this data because I feel made up all this data because I feel like this roof would have costed more to like this roof would have costed more to like this roof would have costed more to fix than this roof. So, so if you've fix than this roof. So, so if you've fix than this roof. So, so if you've never built a pipeline like this before, never built a pipeline like this before, never built a pipeline like this before, then it might not seem super impressive then it might not seem super impressive then it might not seem super impressive because that type of functionality is because that type of functionality is because that type of functionality is pretty standard on a lot of chatbot pretty standard on a lot of chatbot pretty standard on a lot of chatbot based features. But the fact that I based features. But the fact that I based features. But the fact that I built both of those demos in less than built both of those demos in less than built both of those demos in less than 30 minutes is what truly blows my mind 30 minutes is what truly blows my mind 30 minutes is what truly blows my mind because that would have taken me several because that would have taken me several because that would have taken me several hours, if not several days, to build out hours, if not several days, to build out hours, if not several days, to build out an NAN. And that's why I had to show you an NAN. And that's why I had to show you an NAN. And that's why I had to show you guys this stuff. All right, so we're guys this stuff. All right, so we're guys this stuff. All right, so we're going to hop into the live build. But going to hop into the live build. But going to hop into the live build. But real quick, in case you haven't really real quick, in case you haven't really real quick, in case you haven't really heard of like Rag or why this multimodal heard of like Rag or why this multimodal heard of like Rag or why this multimodal stuff is awesome, let me explain it real stuff is awesome, let me explain it real stuff is awesome, let me explain it real quick. So rag stands for retrieval quick. So rag stands for retrieval quick. So rag stands for retrieval augmented generation and it basically is augmented generation and it basically is augmented generation and it basically is just the concept of your AI agent only just the concept of your AI agent only just the concept of your AI agent only knows so much in its training data. So knows so much in its training data. So knows so much in its training data. So if you ask it a question and it doesn't if you ask it a question and it doesn't if you ask it a question and it doesn't have that information, it has to go grab have that information, it has to go grab have that information, it has to go grab it in order to generate a better answer. it in order to generate a better answer. it in order to generate a better answer. So it basically retrieves information, So it basically retrieves information, So it basically retrieves information, it augments its answer because it has it augments its answer because it has it augments its answer because it has more data and then it generates an more data and then it generates an more data and then it generates an answer or generates a response to you. answer or generates a response to you. answer or generates a response to you. Now typically when we think of rag and Now typically when we think of rag and Now typically when we think of rag and we think of a vector database type of we think of a vector database type of we think of a vector database type of rag, we have to look at it like this. We rag, we have to look at it like this. We rag, we have to look at it like this. We have some sort of data source, right? have some sort of data source, right? have some sort of data source, right? whether that's document or video or an whether that's document or video or an whether that's document or video or an image. And what happens is we have to image. And what happens is we have to image. And what happens is we have to turn this document into vector points or turn this document into vector points or turn this document into vector points or little chunks. So for example, if this little chunks. So for example, if this little chunks. So for example, if this was a document about our company, then was a document about our company, then was a document about our company, then maybe we'd split it up into three maybe we'd split it up into three maybe we'd split it up into three chunks. Those chunks would run through chunks. Those chunks would run through chunks. Those chunks would run through an embeddings model, which is, you know, an embeddings model, which is, you know, an embeddings model, which is, you know, Google's new embeddings model 2 that Google's new embeddings model 2 that Google's new embeddings model 2 that we're talking about today. And then it we're talking about today. And then it we're talking about today. And then it would spit out these vector points, would spit out these vector points, would spit out these vector points, which would basically just be a which would basically just be a which would basically just be a numerical representation of what the numerical representation of what the numerical representation of what the data means. So this chunk might be data means. So this chunk might be data means. So this chunk might be placed over here because it's company placed over here because it's company placed over here because it's company overview information. This chunk might overview information. This chunk might overview information. This chunk might be placed over here with financial be placed over here with financial be placed over here with financial information. And this chunk might be information. And this chunk might be information. And this chunk might be placed over here with marketing placed over here with marketing placed over here with marketing information. And just to help you guys information. And just to help you guys information. And just to help you guys contextualize that, when I was first contextualize that, when I was first contextualize that, when I was first testing this out, I did a demo where I testing this out, I did a demo where I testing this out, I did a demo where I dropped in an Adam Sandler and me dropped in an Adam Sandler and me dropped in an Adam Sandler and me picture that was Nano Banana. Um, a picture that was Nano Banana. Um, a picture that was Nano Banana. Um, a random picture of me, a video of me random picture of me, a video of me random picture of me, a video of me using Claude Code, a video of a dog using Claude Code, a video of a dog using Claude Code, a video of a dog playing guitar, a video of me speaking, playing guitar, a video of me speaking, playing guitar, a video of me speaking, um, a couple text files, and a couple um, a couple text files, and a couple um, a couple text files, and a couple more images that were just literally so more images that were just literally so more images that were just literally so random. I put a picture of smiley face random. I put a picture of smiley face random. I put a picture of smiley face potato fries in here. And what happened potato fries in here. And what happened potato fries in here. And what happened after it embedded all of those is it after it embedded all of those is it after it embedded all of those is it gave me this report which is basically gave me this report which is basically gave me this report which is basically the multimodal embeddings but this is a the multimodal embeddings but this is a the multimodal embeddings but this is a 2D view rather than a 3D view. But you 2D view rather than a 3D view. But you 2D view rather than a 3D view. But you can see that it's placing things where can see that it's placing things where can see that it's placing things where it deems appropriate. So up here we have it deems appropriate. So up here we have it deems appropriate. So up here we have you know first aentic workflow which is you know first aentic workflow which is you know first aentic workflow which is in the category tech and it is a text in the category tech and it is a text in the category tech and it is a text file. We've got over here a dog playing file. We've got over here a dog playing file. We've got over here a dog playing guitar which is in the category guitar which is in the category guitar which is in the category entertainment and the modality is video. entertainment and the modality is video. entertainment and the modality is video. We've got the smiley face rise which is We've got the smiley face rise which is We've got the smiley face rise which is category food. The modality is image. So category food. The modality is image. So category food. The modality is image. So I think you guys understand the point. I think you guys understand the point. I think you guys understand the point. We have a source of truth that gets We have a source of truth that gets We have a source of truth that gets embedded and then it gets placed embedded and then it gets placed embedded and then it gets placed somewhere in a multi-dimensional space somewhere in a multi-dimensional space somewhere in a multi-dimensional space based on the actual meaning or you know based on the actual meaning or you know based on the actual meaning or you know value of what that source of truth is. value of what that source of truth is. value of what that source of truth is. And so that's why it's so cool that we And so that's why it's so cool that we And so that's why it's so cool that we can have a space where we have images, can have a space where we have images, can have a space where we have images, videos, audio, text, documents all in videos, audio, text, documents all in videos, audio, text, documents all in the exact same space and the AI is the exact same space and the AI is the exact same space and the AI is intelligent enough to query through it intelligent enough to query through it intelligent enough to query through it to find what it needs in the right to find what it needs in the right to find what it needs in the right context and when. And this is obviously context and when. And this is obviously context and when. And this is obviously a bizarre example because smiley face a bizarre example because smiley face a bizarre example because smiley face fries and a dog playing guitar and a fries and a dog playing guitar and a fries and a dog playing guitar and a video of me talking have nothing to do video of me talking have nothing to do video of me talking have nothing to do with each other. But if all of these with each other. But if all of these with each other. But if all of these were pictures of roofs, for example, were pictures of roofs, for example, were pictures of roofs, for example, then they would be very split up based then they would be very split up based then they would be very split up based on like is this water damage or is this on like is this water damage or is this on like is this water damage or is this just like old age or you know other just like old age or you know other just like old age or you know other things about roofs. So if you've never things about roofs. So if you've never things about roofs. So if you've never used cloud code before or you want to used cloud code before or you want to used cloud code before or you want to follow along with this video exactly, I follow along with this video exactly, I follow along with this video exactly, I use it in Visual Studio Code which is use it in Visual Studio Code which is use it in Visual Studio Code which is free to download. And when you download free to download. And when you download free to download. And when you download that, it'll look like this. All you have that, it'll look like this. All you have that, it'll look like this. All you have to do is open it up, go over here to the to do is open it up, go over here to the to do is open it up, go over here to the extensions, type in Cloud Code, install extensions, type in Cloud Code, install extensions, type in Cloud Code, install this, and then sign in with your account this, and then sign in with your account this, and then sign in with your account in order to get connected. You do have in order to get connected. You do have in order to get connected. You do have to be on a paid account. You cannot use to be on a paid account. You cannot use to be on a paid account. You cannot use free cloud code. And then what you're free cloud code. And then what you're free cloud code. And then what you're going to do is click on this in the top going to do is click on this in the top going to do is click on this in the top left to open up a new folder which is left to open up a new folder which is left to open up a new folder which is basically just the project that we're basically just the project that we're basically just the project that we're going to work in. And I'm going to open going to work in. And I'm going to open going to work in. And I'm going to open up a brand new one. So my screen will up a brand new one. So my screen will up a brand new one. So my screen will look exactly like your guys' screen and look exactly like your guys' screen and look exactly like your guys' screen and you can just follow what I do. Okay. So you can just follow what I do. Okay. So you can just follow what I do. Okay. So I just opened up a folder called I just opened up a folder called I just opened up a folder called embedding demo. I have this stuff over embedding demo. I have this stuff over embedding demo. I have this stuff over here. I'm going to exit out of. I'm here. I'm going to exit out of. I'm here. I'm going to exit out of. I'm going to click on this orange button going to click on this orange button going to click on this orange button which opens up cloud code. And now your which opens up cloud code. And now your which opens up cloud code. And now your screen should look like this. So I'm screen should look like this. So I'm screen should look like this. So I'm going to show you exactly how I got going to show you exactly how I got going to show you exactly how I got everything set up. I went ahead and I everything set up. I went ahead and I everything set up. I went ahead and I switched to plan mode. I went over to switched to plan mode. I went over to switched to plan mode. I went over to this documentation from Google and I this documentation from Google and I this documentation from Google and I went to the actual like API embeddings went to the actual like API embeddings went to the actual like API embeddings information. I copied this URL, pasted information. I copied this URL, pasted information. I copied this URL, pasted it in and said, "Hey, Cloud Code, I want it in and said, "Hey, Cloud Code, I want it in and said, "Hey, Cloud Code, I want to use Gemini's new embeddings 2 model to use Gemini's new embeddings 2 model to use Gemini's new embeddings 2 model in order to have a Pine Cone vector in order to have a Pine Cone vector in order to have a Pine Cone vector database filled with videos and images database filled with videos and images database filled with videos and images and text. Can you please build me a plan and text. Can you please build me a plan and text. Can you please build me a plan to set all of this up? create me av file to set all of this up? create me av file to set all of this up? create me av file with the placeholders and I will drop in with the placeholders and I will drop in with the placeholders and I will drop in my pine cone API key, my Gemini API key, my pine cone API key, my Gemini API key, my pine cone API key, my Gemini API key, and my open router API key. So, the Pine and my open router API key. So, the Pine and my open router API key. So, the Pine Cone API key is so we can set up the Cone API key is so we can set up the Cone API key is so we can set up the database. That's actually going to look database. That's actually going to look database. That's actually going to look like this. Just go to pine cone.io. And like this. Just go to pine cone.io. And like this. Just go to pine cone.io. And you can see in here we've got our you can see in here we've got our you can see in here we've got our different databases for our manual different databases for our manual different databases for our manual multimodal for our roofing projects. And multimodal for our roofing projects. And multimodal for our roofing projects. And then this was just a random one. And the then this was just a random one. And the then this was just a random one. And the cool thing is all you have to do is give cool thing is all you have to do is give cool thing is all you have to do is give cloud code your API key. It will build cloud code your API key. It will build cloud code your API key. It will build the database and it will throw the database and it will throw the database and it will throw everything in there. You don't have to everything in there. You don't have to everything in there. You don't have to do anything. So on Pine Cone, you can go do anything. So on Pine Cone, you can go do anything. So on Pine Cone, you can go ahead and use the starter plan, which is ahead and use the starter plan, which is ahead and use the starter plan, which is free. And this will be more than enough free. And this will be more than enough free. And this will be more than enough to just get started to see how it works. to just get started to see how it works. to just get started to see how it works. And then you're going to go over to And then you're going to go over to And then you're going to go over to Google AI Studio. You're going to come Google AI Studio. You're going to come Google AI Studio. You're going to come over here to get API key and then create over here to get API key and then create over here to get API key and then create a new API key right here. And that's a new API key right here. And that's a new API key right here. And that's going to be for accessing Gemini's new going to be for accessing Gemini's new going to be for accessing Gemini's new embeddings model. And then you're going embeddings model. And then you're going embeddings model. And then you're going to go to Open Router.ai. If you wanted to go to Open Router.ai. If you wanted to go to Open Router.ai. If you wanted to, you could use an OpenAI key or to, you could use an OpenAI key or to, you could use an OpenAI key or Enthropic key. But Open Router basically Enthropic key. But Open Router basically Enthropic key. But Open Router basically just lets you have all of these models just lets you have all of these models just lets you have all of these models in one, which is why I like to use it. in one, which is why I like to use it. in one, which is why I like to use it. So once you get an account in here, So once you get an account in here, So once you get an account in here, you'll basically just go to your you'll basically just go to your you'll basically just go to your account. you will come to your API keys, account. you will come to your API keys, account. you will come to your API keys, create a new one, and then give that to create a new one, and then give that to create a new one, and then give that to Cloud Code. So those are the three Cloud Code. So those are the three Cloud Code. So those are the three things we need. So what it does now is things we need. So what it does now is things we need. So what it does now is it spits out this plan. So we can it spits out this plan. So we can it spits out this plan. So we can basically read what Cloud Code is basically read what Cloud Code is basically read what Cloud Code is planning on doing. Here's the context. planning on doing. Here's the context. planning on doing. Here's the context. Here's the proposed project structure Here's the proposed project structure Here's the proposed project structure that it's going to create. Here are the that it's going to create. Here are the that it's going to create. Here are the dependencies. And here is the basically dependencies. And here is the basically dependencies. And here is the basically step-by-step plan. Now, if you wanted to step-by-step plan. Now, if you wanted to step-by-step plan. Now, if you wanted to change anything, you could highlight it, change anything, you could highlight it, change anything, you could highlight it, you could add comments, and you can make you could add comments, and you can make you could add comments, and you can make suggestions. For the sake of the demo, suggestions. For the sake of the demo, suggestions. For the sake of the demo, I'm just going to go ahead and auto I'm just going to go ahead and auto I'm just going to go ahead and auto accept what Claude is thinking to do. accept what Claude is thinking to do. accept what Claude is thinking to do. And hopefully it gets everything built And hopefully it gets everything built And hopefully it gets everything built out for us. And then all we have to do out for us. And then all we have to do out for us. And then all we have to do is give it the documents that we want to is give it the documents that we want to is give it the documents that we want to embed. So here's the to-do list. I'm embed. So here's the to-do list. I'm embed. So here's the to-do list. I'm just going to check in with you guys just going to check in with you guys just going to check in with you guys once this has finished up. Okay, so you once this has finished up. Okay, so you once this has finished up. Okay, so you can see it built all those files. And can see it built all those files. And can see it built all those files. And now in ourv it gave us these now in ourv it gave us these now in ourv it gave us these placeholders. So this is where you would placeholders. So this is where you would placeholders. So this is where you would go grab Gemini, paste it here. Go grab go grab Gemini, paste it here. Go grab go grab Gemini, paste it here. Go grab Pine Cone, paste it here. And then after Pine Cone, paste it here. And then after Pine Cone, paste it here. And then after you paste all three, just make sure you you paste all three, just make sure you you paste all three, just make sure you save this file before you exit out of save this file before you exit out of save this file before you exit out of it. All right, so I added those keys and it. All right, so I added those keys and it. All right, so I added those keys and now I said where should I add my images, now I said where should I add my images, now I said where should I add my images, videos, and text? And it wants me to put videos, and text? And it wants me to put videos, and text? And it wants me to put them into the data folder. So, I could them into the data folder. So, I could them into the data folder. So, I could open this up and make subfolders for open this up and make subfolders for open this up and make subfolders for image, videos, and documents. But what image, videos, and documents. But what image, videos, and documents. But what I'm going to do is I'm just going to I'm going to do is I'm just going to I'm going to do is I'm just going to drop everything in there, and I'm not drop everything in there, and I'm not drop everything in there, and I'm not going to tell it which is which. going to tell it which is which. going to tell it which is which. Obviously, it will be able to figure it Obviously, it will be able to figure it Obviously, it will be able to figure it out. So, I'm sorry for being boring, but out. So, I'm sorry for being boring, but out. So, I'm sorry for being boring, but I am going to use the same nine files I am going to use the same nine files I am going to use the same nine files that I used for for the earlier demo that I used for for the earlier demo that I used for for the earlier demo just because it's a good mix of, like I just because it's a good mix of, like I just because it's a good mix of, like I said, images, videos, text, and we're said, images, videos, text, and we're said, images, videos, text, and we're going to shoot this off now. All right. going to shoot this off now. All right. going to shoot this off now. All right. So, normally I would say this in plan So, normally I would say this in plan So, normally I would say this in plan mode, but I'm just going to keep sending mode, but I'm just going to keep sending mode, but I'm just going to keep sending it. Right now, I said media has been it. Right now, I said media has been it. Right now, I said media has been dropped in, as you can see over here. dropped in, as you can see over here. dropped in, as you can see over here. Get that into Pine Cone. then build me a Get that into Pine Cone. then build me a Get that into Pine Cone. then build me a simple chat web app on a local host so I simple chat web app on a local host so I simple chat web app on a local host so I can test that everything works well. I can test that everything works well. I can test that everything works well. I want you to use sonnet for the chat want you to use sonnet for the chat want you to use sonnet for the chat model. So these are the three pine cone model. So these are the three pine cone model. So these are the three pine cone indexes that we currently have and like indexes that we currently have and like indexes that we currently have and like I said it's going to go ahead and build I said it's going to go ahead and build I said it's going to go ahead and build us a new one because it has our API key us a new one because it has our API key us a new one because it has our API key now. Okay, so right now it just created now. Okay, so right now it just created now. Okay, so right now it just created that pine cone index and now it's doing that pine cone index and now it's doing that pine cone index and now it's doing the ingesting which like I said this is the ingesting which like I said this is the ingesting which like I said this is my favorite part because cloud code is my favorite part because cloud code is my favorite part because cloud code is so so powerful being able to do this and so so powerful being able to do this and so so powerful being able to do this and then the new model the new embeddings then the new model the new embeddings then the new model the new embeddings model is also so powerful. So combining model is also so powerful. So combining model is also so powerful. So combining them together makes this so seamless them together makes this so seamless them together makes this so seamless where you can build a database with where you can build a database with where you can build a database with natural language because like I said, natural language because like I said, natural language because like I said, I've built multimodal vector store I've built multimodal vector store I've built multimodal vector store agents before in NN, but it's so agents before in NN, but it's so agents before in NN, but it's so complicated. They're super fragile and complicated. They're super fragile and complicated. They're super fragile and there's a lot of hoops that you have to there's a lot of hoops that you have to there's a lot of hoops that you have to jump through in order to just store jump through in order to just store jump through in order to just store these different buckets and have all these different buckets and have all these different buckets and have all these descriptions of the images. This these descriptions of the images. This these descriptions of the images. This is so much better. And there's one thing is so much better. And there's one thing is so much better. And there's one thing I noticed is that it says to build the I noticed is that it says to build the I noticed is that it says to build the chat web app with Sonnet. So once it's chat web app with Sonnet. So once it's chat web app with Sonnet. So once it's done ingesting, I'm going to stop it and done ingesting, I'm going to stop it and done ingesting, I'm going to stop it and correct it. So, if you ever notice that correct it. So, if you ever notice that correct it. So, if you ever notice that it's doing something wrong, there's it's doing something wrong, there's it's doing something wrong, there's nothing wrong with stopping it and nothing wrong with stopping it and nothing wrong with stopping it and sending a new message because it still sending a new message because it still sending a new message because it still understands the context. So, now I'm understands the context. So, now I'm understands the context. So, now I'm going to go ahead and stop this. I'm going to go ahead and stop this. I'm going to go ahead and stop this. I'm going to say, "Hey, so I don't want you going to say, "Hey, so I don't want you going to say, "Hey, so I don't want you to build the chat web app with Sonnet. I to build the chat web app with Sonnet. I to build the chat web app with Sonnet. I want you to still use Opus. I just meant want you to still use Opus. I just meant want you to still use Opus. I just meant on the web app when we're actually on the web app when we're actually on the web app when we're actually talking with the AI, I want that AI talking with the AI, I want that AI talking with the AI, I want that AI model to be Sonnet." So, make sure you model to be Sonnet." So, make sure you model to be Sonnet." So, make sure you use the front-end design skill to build use the front-end design skill to build use the front-end design skill to build this chat web app. Just keep it super this chat web app. Just keep it super this chat web app. Just keep it super simple. Okay. Now, I'll check in with simple. Okay. Now, I'll check in with simple. Okay. Now, I'll check in with you guys when we have our PC. Okay. So, you guys when we have our PC. Okay. So, you guys when we have our PC. Okay. So, looks like our chat app is ready. I'm looks like our chat app is ready. I'm looks like our chat app is ready. I'm going to click on this logo host and we going to click on this logo host and we going to click on this logo host and we have multimodal rag chat. So now I can have multimodal rag chat. So now I can have multimodal rag chat. So now I can ask a question. Okay, so I'm just ask a question. Okay, so I'm just ask a question. Okay, so I'm just shooting this off to see what happens. I shooting this off to see what happens. I shooting this off to see what happens. I said, "How should I be looking to get said, "How should I be looking to get said, "How should I be looking to get workflow clients and do you have any workflow clients and do you have any workflow clients and do you have any interesting pictures of people meeting interesting pictures of people meeting interesting pictures of people meeting each other? Potentially warm each other? Potentially warm each other? Potentially warm connections." So I wanted to see if it connections." So I wanted to see if it connections." So I wanted to see if it can pull the workflow clients text, can pull the workflow clients text, can pull the workflow clients text, which it probably will, but I wanted to which it probably will, but I wanted to which it probably will, but I wanted to see what it did here with the picture of see what it did here with the picture of see what it did here with the picture of me and AI Adam Sandler. Okay, so it came me and AI Adam Sandler. Okay, so it came me and AI Adam Sandler. Okay, so it came back and has some some methods which back and has some some methods which back and has some some methods which came straight from my text document, but came straight from my text document, but came straight from my text document, but it says that it doesn't have any it says that it doesn't have any it says that it doesn't have any pictures of this exact thing. So, what pictures of this exact thing. So, what pictures of this exact thing. So, what I'm going to do is I'm just going to I'm going to do is I'm just going to I'm going to do is I'm just going to copy this actual string. And I'm going copy this actual string. And I'm going copy this actual string. And I'm going to go back into cloud code and say, to go back into cloud code and say, to go back into cloud code and say, "Awesome. It's working. Here is a "Awesome. It's working. Here is a "Awesome. It's working. Here is a conversation I just had with it." And conversation I just had with it." And conversation I just had with it." And then I'm going to paste in that then I'm going to paste in that then I'm going to paste in that conversation I just had. I want to conversation I just had. I want to conversation I just had. I want to understand the way that it thinks about understand the way that it thinks about understand the way that it thinks about the images or videos in the database so the images or videos in the database so the images or videos in the database so that I could ask a question that would that I could ask a question that would that I could ask a question that would get it to invoke and send me the image get it to invoke and send me the image get it to invoke and send me the image or video. And this is really the mindset or video. And this is really the mindset or video. And this is really the mindset shift when I work with Claude Code. It's shift when I work with Claude Code. It's shift when I work with Claude Code. It's just about being genuinely curious. If just about being genuinely curious. If just about being genuinely curious. If you don't understand something, just you don't understand something, just you don't understand something, just ask. So here it says right now the ask. So here it says right now the ask. So here it says right now the system can't actually show you images or system can't actually show you images or system can't actually show you images or videos. It only stores a text videos. It only stores a text videos. It only stores a text description alongside each embedding. description alongside each embedding. description alongside each embedding. Here's how it works. Images just the Here's how it works. Images just the Here's how it works. Images just the description I wrote during ingestion. description I wrote during ingestion. description I wrote during ingestion. Videos, same thing. It's just the Videos, same thing. It's just the Videos, same thing. It's just the description. So what you can do from description. So what you can do from description. So what you can do from here is you can have better descriptions here is you can have better descriptions here is you can have better descriptions to go along with all your pictures and to go along with all your pictures and to go along with all your pictures and videos which you kind of saw earlier in videos which you kind of saw earlier in videos which you kind of saw earlier in the demo where all of them had some the demo where all of them had some the demo where all of them had some metadata. And then what we can do is metadata. And then what we can do is metadata. And then what we can do is actually serve the media. So we can actually serve the media. So we can actually serve the media. So we can update the chat app to display images update the chat app to display images update the chat app to display images and videos inline when they come back so and videos inline when they come back so and videos inline when they come back so that you're not just getting a file that you're not just getting a file that you're not just getting a file name. Thanks for explaining that. I'm name. Thanks for explaining that. I'm name. Thanks for explaining that. I'm just doing a quick demo right now for just doing a quick demo right now for just doing a quick demo right now for YouTube. So, what I want you to do is YouTube. So, what I want you to do is YouTube. So, what I want you to do is just add some metadata about the dog just add some metadata about the dog just add some metadata about the dog playing guitar video, just saying that playing guitar video, just saying that playing guitar video, just saying that it is a cartoon golden retriever, I it is a cartoon golden retriever, I it is a cartoon golden retriever, I think, playing the guitar in front of a think, playing the guitar in front of a think, playing the guitar in front of a fireplace. And update the actual app so fireplace. And update the actual app so fireplace. And update the actual app so that it can serve us that media. And I that it can serve us that media. And I that it can serve us that media. And I just want to validate that this works just want to validate that this works just want to validate that this works and it's able to search through and it's able to search through and it's able to search through different types of media. So, as you can different types of media. So, as you can different types of media. So, as you can see now, what it's going to do is it has see now, what it's going to do is it has see now, what it's going to do is it has to reingest the video for better to reingest the video for better to reingest the video for better description and update the app. And I description and update the app. And I description and update the app. And I don't think by default it's going to do don't think by default it's going to do don't think by default it's going to do this, which is why I would say to use this, which is why I would say to use this, which is why I would say to use plan mode. But in this case, you might plan mode. But in this case, you might plan mode. But in this case, you might have two duplicate videos in the have two duplicate videos in the have two duplicate videos in the database. And you would want to make database. And you would want to make database. And you would want to make sure that it's deleting the old ones or sure that it's deleting the old ones or sure that it's deleting the old ones or it's basically just upserting this new it's basically just upserting this new it's basically just upserting this new one. So now if I say, "Show me the one. So now if I say, "Show me the one. So now if I say, "Show me the golden retriever playing guitar," it can golden retriever playing guitar," it can golden retriever playing guitar," it can actually pull that back. And right here actually pull that back. And right here actually pull that back. And right here in our app, we can watch the video. So this is just we can watch the video. So this is just we can watch the video. So this is just so so cool. You could have a database of so so cool. You could have a database of so so cool. You could have a database of tons of different videos and you could tons of different videos and you could tons of different videos and you could be able to actually search through them be able to actually search through them be able to actually search through them with rag. Now, the one limitation of with rag. Now, the one limitation of with rag. Now, the one limitation of that right now is that the videos are up that right now is that the videos are up that right now is that the videos are up to 120 seconds and only MP4 orov. The to 120 seconds and only MP4 orov. The to 120 seconds and only MP4 orov. The images are capable of processing up to images are capable of processing up to images are capable of processing up to six per request supporting PNG and JPEG six per request supporting PNG and JPEG six per request supporting PNG and JPEG formats. And I imagine that this stuff formats. And I imagine that this stuff formats. And I imagine that this stuff is going to get a lot better. You can is going to get a lot better. You can is going to get a lot better. You can even see that it was able to get over even see that it was able to get over even see that it was able to get over this limitation because the document this limitation because the document this limitation because the document that I gave it was like 68 pages long. that I gave it was like 68 pages long. that I gave it was like 68 pages long. It just had to figure out how it could It just had to figure out how it could It just had to figure out how it could break that up, chunk it up, and still break that up, chunk it up, and still break that up, chunk it up, and still maintain context. And I didn't try with maintain context. And I didn't try with maintain context. And I didn't try with audio yet, but that would be very audio yet, but that would be very audio yet, but that would be very similar to the way you do your videos similar to the way you do your videos similar to the way you do your videos and images. The key thing about the and images. The key thing about the and images. The key thing about the audio is being able to give it good audio is being able to give it good audio is being able to give it good descriptions so that the AI understands descriptions so that the AI understands descriptions so that the AI understands what's actually in that audio file. So what's actually in that audio file. So what's actually in that audio file. So that's where the subject matter that's where the subject matter that's where the subject matter expertise of the systems that you're expertise of the systems that you're expertise of the systems that you're building really, really does matter. The building really, really does matter. The building really, really does matter. The importance and value is way more importance and value is way more importance and value is way more shifting towards being able to shifting towards being able to shifting towards being able to communicate clearly, having communicate clearly, having communicate clearly, having understanding of processes, deep understanding of processes, deep understanding of processes, deep understanding of processes and where understanding of processes and where understanding of processes and where holes might be and where you need to be holes might be and where you need to be holes might be and where you need to be very explicit rather than just knowing very explicit rather than just knowing very explicit rather than just knowing technically how to configure different technically how to configure different technically how to configure different nodes and how to formulate a JSON body nodes and how to formulate a JSON body nodes and how to formulate a JSON body for an HTTP request. All right, so we've been working a lot All right, so we've been working a lot All right, so we've been working a lot with workflows and automations and data with workflows and automations and data with workflows and automations and data and Python scripts and you know stuff and Python scripts and you know stuff and Python scripts and you know stuff like that. Let us get a little more like that. Let us get a little more like that. Let us get a little more creative now. We're going to jump into a creative now. We're going to jump into a creative now. We're going to jump into a section about learning how to build section about learning how to build section about learning how to build really nicel lookinging websites and really nicel lookinging websites and really nicel lookinging websites and actually being able to deploy those actually being able to deploy those actually being able to deploy those websites on a real domain. So let's get websites on a real domain. So let's get websites on a real domain. So let's get into it. into it. into it. All right, so a lot of us have been All right, so a lot of us have been All right, so a lot of us have been building editin workflows for a while building editin workflows for a while building editin workflows for a while now. So today I'm going to show you how now. So today I'm going to show you how now. So today I'm going to show you how you can take any of your editin you can take any of your editin you can take any of your editin workflows that you already have and turn workflows that you already have and turn workflows that you already have and turn that into a web app. And I'm not talking that into a web app. And I'm not talking that into a web app. And I'm not talking about just showing you something like about just showing you something like about just showing you something like lovable to build a front end and then lovable to build a front end and then lovable to build a front end and then connecting it to your end web hook. I'm connecting it to your end web hook. I'm connecting it to your end web hook. I'm talking about cloud code having the talking about cloud code having the talking about cloud code having the ability to look at your workflow, ability to look at your workflow, ability to look at your workflow, essentially audit it to make sure it's essentially audit it to make sure it's essentially audit it to make sure it's ready to go for an app, and then make ready to go for an app, and then make ready to go for an app, and then make any of the changes that you need on the any of the changes that you need on the any of the changes that you need on the back end before you build the front end. back end before you build the front end. back end before you build the front end. But let me show you guys what I actually But let me show you guys what I actually But let me show you guys what I actually mean by that. Otherwise, it just sounds mean by that. Otherwise, it just sounds mean by that. Otherwise, it just sounds like a bunch of gibberish. So, here's a like a bunch of gibberish. So, here's a like a bunch of gibberish. So, here's a workflow that I wanted to turn into a workflow that I wanted to turn into a workflow that I wanted to turn into a web app. It takes a form submission web app. It takes a form submission web app. It takes a form submission where we get information from a user where we get information from a user where we get information from a user like product name, product photo, like product name, product photo, like product name, product photo, avatar, features, and video setting, and avatar, features, and video setting, and avatar, features, and video setting, and it turns that into a UGC ad with this it turns that into a UGC ad with this it turns that into a UGC ad with this workflow, as you can see right here. So workflow, as you can see right here. So workflow, as you can see right here. So what I told Cloud Code to do was look at what I told Cloud Code to do was look at what I told Cloud Code to do was look at this workflow and then just optimize it this workflow and then just optimize it this workflow and then just optimize it so I could actually use it and connect so I could actually use it and connect so I could actually use it and connect it to a front end. And what it did is it it to a front end. And what it did is it it to a front end. And what it did is it changed the workflow to look like this. changed the workflow to look like this. changed the workflow to look like this. There are actually a lot of changes that There are actually a lot of changes that There are actually a lot of changes that it made here. And I need you guys to it made here. And I need you guys to it made here. And I need you guys to believe me when I said I was seriously believe me when I said I was seriously believe me when I said I was seriously impressed when I saw this. So real impressed when I saw this. So real impressed when I saw this. So real quick, just wanted to put these side by quick, just wanted to put these side by quick, just wanted to put these side by side so you can actually see what it side so you can actually see what it side so you can actually see what it did. On the left was the original and on did. On the left was the original and on did. On the left was the original and on the right is what Cloud Code built. So the right is what Cloud Code built. So the right is what Cloud Code built. So first of all, it switched out the form first of all, it switched out the form first of all, it switched out the form submission trigger to be a web hook. Not submission trigger to be a web hook. Not submission trigger to be a web hook. Not too hard, but that's what it did. So if too hard, but that's what it did. So if too hard, but that's what it did. So if you remember, one of the raw inputs it you remember, one of the raw inputs it you remember, one of the raw inputs it gets was a photo. So cloud code actually gets was a photo. So cloud code actually gets was a photo. So cloud code actually realized that it's going to come through realized that it's going to come through realized that it's going to come through as a B 64 string when we send it over as a B 64 string when we send it over as a B 64 string when we send it over web hook and it has to convert that. And web hook and it has to convert that. And web hook and it has to convert that. And then at the end what we had to do is we then at the end what we had to do is we then at the end what we had to do is we had to figure out how did we want this had to figure out how did we want this had to figure out how did we want this to be displayed in the front end. So we to be displayed in the front end. So we to be displayed in the front end. So we basically are sending back a message basically are sending back a message basically are sending back a message whether it was successful or not. And whether it was successful or not. And whether it was successful or not. And we're sending over the URL so it can be we're sending over the URL so it can be we're sending over the URL so it can be embedded in the actual landing page. And embedded in the actual landing page. And embedded in the actual landing page. And it also changed all of these HTTP it also changed all of these HTTP it also changed all of these HTTP requests to be continue with an error requests to be continue with an error requests to be continue with an error output. And it routed the error to a output. And it routed the error to a output. And it routed the error to a different branch which would send the different branch which would send the different branch which would send the front end an error message. And another front end an error message. And another front end an error message. And another cool thing to realize is that when it cool thing to realize is that when it cool thing to realize is that when it changes the actual source of the input changes the actual source of the input changes the actual source of the input data, it had to change the variables data, it had to change the variables data, it had to change the variables everywhere else. So it really thought everywhere else. So it really thought everywhere else. So it really thought about the actual node by node flow, not about the actual node by node flow, not about the actual node by node flow, not just changing the input and the output. just changing the input and the output. just changing the input and the output. So if you don't understand all of those So if you don't understand all of those So if you don't understand all of those changes that I just explained and like changes that I just explained and like changes that I just explained and like why that's important, it's not a huge why that's important, it's not a huge why that's important, it's not a huge deal. The point I was trying to make deal. The point I was trying to make deal. The point I was trying to make there was just showing you that Claude there was just showing you that Claude there was just showing you that Claude will look at your workflows and fix them will look at your workflows and fix them will look at your workflows and fix them for you before you ever turn them into a for you before you ever turn them into a for you before you ever turn them into a front end. And you guys know that my job front end. And you guys know that my job front end. And you guys know that my job is to make complex or intimidating is to make complex or intimidating is to make complex or intimidating things as simple as possible. So that's things as simple as possible. So that's things as simple as possible. So that's exactly what I'm going to do today. exactly what I'm going to do today. exactly what I'm going to do today. We're going to walk through it all step We're going to walk through it all step We're going to walk through it all step by step and you're going to realize how by step and you're going to realize how by step and you're going to realize how easy it actually is. So, real quick easy it actually is. So, real quick easy it actually is. So, real quick before we get into that, I just want to before we get into that, I just want to before we get into that, I just want to do a quick demo of the final product of do a quick demo of the final product of do a quick demo of the final product of this that took me basically 40 minutes this that took me basically 40 minutes this that took me basically 40 minutes where I started with this workflow. where I started with this workflow. where I started with this workflow. Cloud code turned it into this workflow. Cloud code turned it into this workflow. Cloud code turned it into this workflow. And now we have this front end where I And now we have this front end where I And now we have this front end where I can put in the information. And let me can put in the information. And let me can put in the information. And let me just show you guys a quick demo. So, I just show you guys a quick demo. So, I just show you guys a quick demo. So, I put in some information, I put in a put in some information, I put in a put in some information, I put in a product photo, and I'm going to go ahead product photo, and I'm going to go ahead product photo, and I'm going to go ahead and hit generate. And now, what happens and hit generate. And now, what happens and hit generate. And now, what happens is it basically tells us on this right is it basically tells us on this right is it basically tells us on this right hand side that we have this one job hand side that we have this one job hand side that we have this one job processing. If I go into the actual end processing. If I go into the actual end processing. If I go into the actual end workflow that it's hitting right now and workflow that it's hitting right now and workflow that it's hitting right now and I go to executions, you can see that I go to executions, you can see that I go to executions, you can see that there were some failures when I was there were some failures when I was there were some failures when I was doing testing and stuff. But what we're doing testing and stuff. But what we're doing testing and stuff. But what we're going to notice is that we get a new going to notice is that we get a new going to notice is that we get a new execution right here pop through. And execution right here pop through. And execution right here pop through. And then when that's finished, it will then when that's finished, it will then when that's finished, it will automatically display right here where automatically display right here where automatically display right here where we can see the video and we'll be able we can see the video and we'll be able we can see the video and we'll be able to download it. So you can see that the to download it. So you can see that the to download it. So you can see that the workflow just finished up and you can workflow just finished up and you can workflow just finished up and you can see we have our video right here which see we have our video right here which see we have our video right here which is displayed in the website. We can is displayed in the website. We can is displayed in the website. We can click on this link to download it. And click on this link to download it. And click on this link to download it. And also just for reference, here is the also just for reference, here is the also just for reference, here is the original cologne image that I uploaded. original cologne image that I uploaded. original cologne image that I uploaded. So you can see that it pretty much looks So you can see that it pretty much looks So you can see that it pretty much looks the exact same. So I'm not going to be the exact same. So I'm not going to be the exact same. So I'm not going to be diving into this actual workflow that diving into this actual workflow that diving into this actual workflow that produced the results. I already made a produced the results. I already made a produced the results. I already made a video about this, so if you want to video about this, so if you want to video about this, so if you want to check it out, I'll link it up there. All check it out, I'll link it up there. All check it out, I'll link it up there. All right. Hopefully I'm not losing you right. Hopefully I'm not losing you right. Hopefully I'm not losing you already. I know that this workflow and already. I know that this workflow and already. I know that this workflow and this demo may seem a little bit complex, this demo may seem a little bit complex, this demo may seem a little bit complex, but we're going to set up everything but we're going to set up everything but we're going to set up everything step by step from the full process of step by step from the full process of step by step from the full process of taking an edit in workflow, optimizing taking an edit in workflow, optimizing taking an edit in workflow, optimizing it with cloud, and then getting it onto it with cloud, and then getting it onto it with cloud, and then getting it onto a front end and deploying it. Okay, so a front end and deploying it. Okay, so a front end and deploying it. Okay, so step one is open up VS Code. This is step one is open up VS Code. This is step one is open up VS Code. This is where I like to work with Cloud Code as where I like to work with Cloud Code as where I like to work with Cloud Code as an extension because the actual visual an extension because the actual visual an extension because the actual visual interface is just so much cleaner. It's interface is just so much cleaner. It's interface is just so much cleaner. It's so much better and you don't have to so much better and you don't have to so much better and you don't have to look at your nasty terminal or anything look at your nasty terminal or anything look at your nasty terminal or anything like that. VS Code's been around for a like that. VS Code's been around for a like that. VS Code's been around for a long time and it's a very trusted long time and it's a very trusted long time and it's a very trusted platform. So once you're in here, you're platform. So once you're in here, you're platform. So once you're in here, you're going to click on this lefth hand side going to click on this lefth hand side going to click on this lefth hand side and go to extensions and then you're and go to extensions and then you're and go to extensions and then you're going to type in up here cloud code. going to type in up here cloud code. going to type in up here cloud code. Once you do that, just click on cloud Once you do that, just click on cloud Once you do that, just click on cloud code and then go ahead and install it. code and then go ahead and install it. code and then go ahead and install it. And when you install it, it should And when you install it, it should And when you install it, it should prompt you to sign in with your prompt you to sign in with your prompt you to sign in with your Enthropic with your cloud account. And Enthropic with your cloud account. And Enthropic with your cloud account. And that's how you actually link them that's how you actually link them that's how you actually link them together. Now, once we have that together. Now, once we have that together. Now, once we have that extension installed, we actually need to extension installed, we actually need to extension installed, we actually need to start up a project. So, what I'm going start up a project. So, what I'm going start up a project. So, what I'm going to do here is I'm going to go to the to do here is I'm going to go to the to do here is I'm going to go to the lefth hand side and go up to this button lefth hand side and go up to this button lefth hand side and go up to this button right here, which is the file explorer, right here, which is the file explorer, right here, which is the file explorer, and it says you have not opened a folder and it says you have not opened a folder and it says you have not opened a folder yet. So, go ahead and open one up. So, yet. So, go ahead and open one up. So, yet. So, go ahead and open one up. So, I'm in my documents. I'm in a folder I'm in my documents. I'm in a folder I'm in my documents. I'm in a folder called Aentic Workflows. And then I'm called Aentic Workflows. And then I'm called Aentic Workflows. And then I'm drilling down to another folder called drilling down to another folder called drilling down to another folder called Nadent app, which has nothing in it. So, Nadent app, which has nothing in it. So, Nadent app, which has nothing in it. So, it's a blank folder. It's a blank it's a blank folder. It's a blank it's a blank folder. It's a blank project. And I'm going to select it, project. And I'm going to select it, project. And I'm going to select it, which now gets us into this environment. which now gets us into this environment. which now gets us into this environment. So, you can see up top we've got Nident So, you can see up top we've got Nident So, you can see up top we've got Nident app, which is our project. And on the app, which is our project. And on the app, which is our project. And on the lefth hand side over here, we're going lefth hand side over here, we're going lefth hand side over here, we're going to see all the other files that we add to see all the other files that we add to see all the other files that we add to this or that get created. In the to this or that get created. In the to this or that get created. In the middle is where we're going to actually middle is where we're going to actually middle is where we're going to actually be chatting with Claude Code. And the be chatting with Claude Code. And the be chatting with Claude Code. And the way we do that is by clicking on this way we do that is by clicking on this way we do that is by clicking on this little Cloud Code extension button right little Cloud Code extension button right little Cloud Code extension button right here and then closing out of whatever here and then closing out of whatever here and then closing out of whatever else we don't want. And on the right else we don't want. And on the right else we don't want. And on the right hand side is where we have the actual hand side is where we have the actual hand side is where we have the actual like VS Code agent chat, which means we like VS Code agent chat, which means we like VS Code agent chat, which means we can talk to this agent about like what's can talk to this agent about like what's can talk to this agent about like what's going on in here. And honestly, I never going on in here. And honestly, I never going on in here. And honestly, I never really use this because the Cloud Code really use this because the Cloud Code really use this because the Cloud Code agent is smart enough. So that's kind of agent is smart enough. So that's kind of agent is smart enough. So that's kind of the interface we're looking at. I know the interface we're looking at. I know the interface we're looking at. I know it may seem a bit overwhelming right now it may seem a bit overwhelming right now it may seem a bit overwhelming right now because there's lots of new buttons and because there's lots of new buttons and because there's lots of new buttons and there's lots of places to look, but I'm there's lots of places to look, but I'm there's lots of places to look, but I'm basically just going to tell you guys basically just going to tell you guys basically just going to tell you guys about what you need to know. And if you about what you need to know. And if you about what you need to know. And if you follow this demo all the way through, by follow this demo all the way through, by follow this demo all the way through, by the end of it, you'll have a really good the end of it, you'll have a really good the end of it, you'll have a really good understanding of what you're looking at understanding of what you're looking at understanding of what you're looking at and how to work with cloud code. All and how to work with cloud code. All and how to work with cloud code. All right, so the first thing that we want right, so the first thing that we want right, so the first thing that we want to do whenever we start up a new project to do whenever we start up a new project to do whenever we start up a new project is we want to give it some sort of is we want to give it some sort of is we want to give it some sort of guidelines about what are we actually guidelines about what are we actually guidelines about what are we actually doing in this project. And the way we doing in this project. And the way we doing in this project. And the way we actually do that is we just have to actually do that is we just have to actually do that is we just have to create a file, which is essentially the create a file, which is essentially the create a file, which is essentially the system prompt. And it's going to be system prompt. And it's going to be system prompt. And it's going to be called claude.md. called claude.md. called claude.md. And so what you could do is come over to And so what you could do is come over to And so what you could do is come over to the lefth hand side and you could click the lefth hand side and you could click the lefth hand side and you could click on new file. You could type in claude.md on new file. You could type in claude.md on new file. You could type in claude.md and then we could basically just start and then we could basically just start and then we could basically just start working in this file or we could have working in this file or we could have working in this file or we could have claude itself edit the file. And the claude itself edit the file. And the claude itself edit the file. And the reason why this popped up over here is reason why this popped up over here is reason why this popped up over here is just so we could view it. You could just so we could view it. You could just so we could view it. You could close it. You could open it back up. You close it. You could open it back up. You close it. You could open it back up. You could open up like 10 different files at could open up like 10 different files at could open up like 10 different files at the same time if you want to. But let's the same time if you want to. But let's the same time if you want to. But let's just keep our screen clean and keep open just keep our screen clean and keep open just keep our screen clean and keep open just the cloud code for now. Okay. So just the cloud code for now. Okay. So just the cloud code for now. Okay. So what I'm going to do is have cloud code what I'm going to do is have cloud code what I'm going to do is have cloud code help us write that cloud.md file. So, help us write that cloud.md file. So, help us write that cloud.md file. So, let me just read out what I actually let me just read out what I actually let me just read out what I actually wrote to it. So, I said, "Help me create wrote to it. So, I said, "Help me create wrote to it. So, I said, "Help me create a claw.md file in this project to set up a claw.md file in this project to set up a claw.md file in this project to set up what we want to do here. This project is what we want to do here. This project is what we want to do here. This project is essentially built to help me turn my NDN essentially built to help me turn my NDN essentially built to help me turn my NDN workflows into apps." So, there's going workflows into apps." So, there's going workflows into apps." So, there's going to be a few pieces. The first piece is to be a few pieces. The first piece is to be a few pieces. The first piece is going to look at my workflows in NN to going to look at my workflows in NN to going to look at my workflows in NN to make sure that they're ready to go as make sure that they're ready to go as make sure that they're ready to go as far as having the right intake of data far as having the right intake of data far as having the right intake of data and output of data so that if it's a web and output of data so that if it's a web and output of data so that if it's a web app, when the app sends data to NN, it app, when the app sends data to NN, it app, when the app sends data to NN, it can properly receive it. And that also can properly receive it. And that also can properly receive it. And that also when NN sends a response back to the when NN sends a response back to the when NN sends a response back to the front end, it's properly displayed. Just front end, it's properly displayed. Just front end, it's properly displayed. Just like we saw here in this example, I like we saw here in this example, I like we saw here in this example, I wanted to make sure that when NN sent wanted to make sure that when NN sent wanted to make sure that when NN sent the response back to the app, it could the response back to the app, it could the response back to the app, it could be displayed as an embedded video. And I be displayed as an embedded video. And I be displayed as an embedded video. And I also wanted to make sure that when we also wanted to make sure that when we also wanted to make sure that when we sent over a JPEG file to NN, it could sent over a JPEG file to NN, it could sent over a JPEG file to NN, it could receive it properly. Then I came back receive it properly. Then I came back receive it properly. Then I came back and said once we know the workflow's and said once we know the workflow's and said once we know the workflow's optimized, then we have to start optimized, then we have to start optimized, then we have to start building the front end. So we're going building the front end. So we're going building the front end. So we're going to start building it and testing it in a to start building it and testing it in a to start building it and testing it in a local environment and then once we like local environment and then once we like local environment and then once we like how the app looks and functions, then how the app looks and functions, then how the app looks and functions, then we'll push it to GitHub. And GitHub is we'll push it to GitHub. And GitHub is we'll push it to GitHub. And GitHub is basically just a home for our code and basically just a home for our code and basically just a home for our code and it will let us do different versions and it will let us do different versions and it will let us do different versions and see all the changes. And then what see all the changes. And then what see all the changes. And then what happens is our code lives in GitHub, but happens is our code lives in GitHub, but happens is our code lives in GitHub, but then we're going to have Verscell sync then we're going to have Verscell sync then we're going to have Verscell sync up to it. And Verscell is where we up to it. And Verscell is where we up to it. And Verscell is where we actually deploy those apps on the web. actually deploy those apps on the web. actually deploy those apps on the web. And I have a diagram to break this down And I have a diagram to break this down And I have a diagram to break this down in a few minutes here, but essentially in a few minutes here, but essentially in a few minutes here, but essentially the idea is we work in cloud code, we the idea is we work in cloud code, we the idea is we work in cloud code, we push changes to GitHub, and then our push changes to GitHub, and then our push changes to GitHub, and then our actual real web app on the public URL actual real web app on the public URL actual real web app on the public URL always reflects the most recent version. always reflects the most recent version. always reflects the most recent version. So it's just super easy. So there's also So it's just super easy. So there's also So it's just super easy. So there's also a couple things that we're going to a couple things that we're going to a couple things that we're going to utilize. One of them will be the niten utilize. One of them will be the niten utilize. One of them will be the niten mcp so that you can understand nitend mcp so that you can understand nitend mcp so that you can understand nitend nodes configurations templates and you nodes configurations templates and you nodes configurations templates and you can look through my niten instance and can look through my niten instance and can look through my niten instance and create and edit workflows and things create and edit workflows and things create and edit workflows and things like that. I'm also going to give you like that. I'm also going to give you like that. I'm also going to give you access to two skills the niten skills access to two skills the niten skills access to two skills the niten skills and the front-end developer skills. And and the front-end developer skills. And and the front-end developer skills. And I'm going to give you access to the I'm going to give you access to the I'm going to give you access to the GitHub MCP so you can actually push GitHub MCP so you can actually push GitHub MCP so you can actually push changes to my GitHub. And then I finish changes to my GitHub. And then I finish changes to my GitHub. And then I finish that off by saying with all that in that off by saying with all that in that off by saying with all that in mind, ask me any questions that you may mind, ask me any questions that you may mind, ask me any questions that you may need and help me make this file concise need and help me make this file concise need and help me make this file concise so that we keep everything neat and so that we keep everything neat and so that we keep everything neat and lean. So before I send this off, I lean. So before I send this off, I lean. So before I send this off, I wanted to talk about these different wanted to talk about these different wanted to talk about these different modes. So right here you can see I'm on modes. So right here you can see I'm on modes. So right here you can see I'm on bypass permissions which is orange. We bypass permissions which is orange. We bypass permissions which is orange. We could go to ask before edits which is a could go to ask before edits which is a could go to ask before edits which is a lighter orange. We could go to edit lighter orange. We could go to edit lighter orange. We could go to edit automatically which is white. Or we automatically which is white. Or we automatically which is white. Or we could go to plan mode which is blue. And could go to plan mode which is blue. And could go to plan mode which is blue. And so whenever I'm doing something like so whenever I'm doing something like so whenever I'm doing something like this or whenever we're setting up an this or whenever we're setting up an this or whenever we're setting up an initial prompt I always like to use plan initial prompt I always like to use plan initial prompt I always like to use plan mode because it thinks a lot better and mode because it thinks a lot better and mode because it thinks a lot better and it asks you questions and it basically it asks you questions and it basically it asks you questions and it basically just lets you guys have a conversation just lets you guys have a conversation just lets you guys have a conversation before you actually do anything. So, I'm before you actually do anything. So, I'm before you actually do anything. So, I'm going to go ahead and shoot off this going to go ahead and shoot off this going to go ahead and shoot off this prompt in plan mode, and we're going to prompt in plan mode, and we're going to prompt in plan mode, and we're going to see Claude Code think about what it see Claude Code think about what it see Claude Code think about what it needs to do. It's going to first look needs to do. It's going to first look needs to do. It's going to first look through the current structure to see if through the current structure to see if through the current structure to see if there's any files. It's going to there's any files. It's going to there's any files. It's going to understand what we're doing here. And understand what we're doing here. And understand what we're doing here. And you can see right here, it said before I you can see right here, it said before I you can see right here, it said before I draft the file, I've got a few draft the file, I've got a few draft the file, I've got a few clarification questions. So, what's the clarification questions. So, what's the clarification questions. So, what's the typical structure of the workflow you typical structure of the workflow you typical structure of the workflow you want to turn into an app? Right now, want to turn into an app? Right now, want to turn into an app? Right now, let's just say various triggers because let's just say various triggers because let's just say various triggers because we don't actually know what we want to we don't actually know what we want to we don't actually know what we want to turn into an app yet. For the project turn into an app yet. For the project turn into an app yet. For the project structure, do you have a preferred structure, do you have a preferred structure, do you have a preferred project structure in mind? I'm just project structure in mind? I'm just project structure in mind? I'm just going to say propose structure, going to say propose structure, going to say propose structure, whatever. I don't really care. Repo whatever. I don't really care. Repo whatever. I don't really care. Repo strategy. Should each workflow become strategy. Should each workflow become strategy. Should each workflow become its own repo in GitHub? Yep. We'll just its own repo in GitHub? Yep. We'll just its own repo in GitHub? Yep. We'll just do separate repos, one for each app. And do separate repos, one for each app. And do separate repos, one for each app. And then for styling, we'll just go ahead then for styling, we'll just go ahead then for styling, we'll just go ahead and go with Tailwind CSS. And if you and go with Tailwind CSS. And if you and go with Tailwind CSS. And if you don't know what this stuff means, you don't know what this stuff means, you don't know what this stuff means, you can just go ahead and ask it to. That's can just go ahead and ask it to. That's can just go ahead and ask it to. That's the beauty of Claude code is that we the beauty of Claude code is that we the beauty of Claude code is that we don't have to really understand all the don't have to really understand all the don't have to really understand all the code and exactly what it's doing. We code and exactly what it's doing. We code and exactly what it's doing. We just have to be able to communicate our just have to be able to communicate our just have to be able to communicate our thoughts clearly. And if we get thoughts clearly. And if we get thoughts clearly. And if we get confused, just ask Claude what it's confused, just ask Claude what it's confused, just ask Claude what it's doing and why because it's really good doing and why because it's really good doing and why because it's really good at that. So you can see it gave us this at that. So you can see it gave us this at that. So you can see it gave us this plan for the cloud file and I said, plan for the cloud file and I said, plan for the cloud file and I said, "Yep, that sounds good." I'm going to go "Yep, that sounds good." I'm going to go "Yep, that sounds good." I'm going to go ahead and auto accept and now it's going ahead and auto accept and now it's going ahead and auto accept and now it's going to update this cloud MD file which right to update this cloud MD file which right to update this cloud MD file which right now has nothing in it as you can see and now has nothing in it as you can see and now has nothing in it as you can see and it's going to basically just write in it's going to basically just write in it's going to basically just write in the system prompt and you can see that the system prompt and you can see that the system prompt and you can see that it just happened in real time right it just happened in real time right it just happened in real time right there. Okay, our system prompt is there. Okay, our system prompt is there. Okay, our system prompt is configured. So next what we have to do configured. So next what we have to do configured. So next what we have to do is give it access to all of those things is give it access to all of those things is give it access to all of those things that we mentioned like the skills, the that we mentioned like the skills, the that we mentioned like the skills, the servers, whatever the MCP. But before we servers, whatever the MCP. But before we servers, whatever the MCP. But before we do that, let me just show you guys do that, let me just show you guys do that, let me just show you guys exactly what we're doing here on a exactly what we're doing here on a exactly what we're doing here on a whiteboard so it all makes way more whiteboard so it all makes way more whiteboard so it all makes way more sense. So in my last video, I showed you sense. So in my last video, I showed you sense. So in my last video, I showed you guys how we can use cloud code and give guys how we can use cloud code and give guys how we can use cloud code and give it the end mcp and the end skills to it the end mcp and the end skills to it the end mcp and the end skills to build workflows for us in our own end build workflows for us in our own end build workflows for us in our own end instance. So we're kind of building on instance. So we're kind of building on instance. So we're kind of building on top of that here. If you haven't watched top of that here. If you haven't watched top of that here. If you haven't watched that video, that one might be a good one that video, that one might be a good one that video, that one might be a good one to start with and then come back to this to start with and then come back to this to start with and then come back to this one. So I'll tag that right up here. But one. So I'll tag that right up here. But one. So I'll tag that right up here. But essentially the end mcp gives cloud code essentially the end mcp gives cloud code essentially the end mcp gives cloud code access to all the nodes, configurations, access to all the nodes, configurations, access to all the nodes, configurations, workflow patterns, things like that. and workflow patterns, things like that. and workflow patterns, things like that. and ended in skills gives cloud code all the ended in skills gives cloud code all the ended in skills gives cloud code all the knowledge about expressions, how to use knowledge about expressions, how to use knowledge about expressions, how to use this MCP server, how to code, all this this MCP server, how to code, all this this MCP server, how to code, all this kind of stuff. So the TLDDR is you're kind of stuff. So the TLDDR is you're kind of stuff. So the TLDDR is you're essentially giving one of the smartest essentially giving one of the smartest essentially giving one of the smartest brains in the world access to all of the brains in the world access to all of the brains in the world access to all of the information about NN that you could information about NN that you could information about NN that you could possibly need. So now we're building on possibly need. So now we're building on possibly need. So now we're building on top of that and we're creating web apps. top of that and we're creating web apps. top of that and we're creating web apps. So what we do here is we've got once So what we do here is we've got once So what we do here is we've got once again cloud code with MCP servers and again cloud code with MCP servers and again cloud code with MCP servers and with different skills and now what we with different skills and now what we with different skills and now what we wanted to do is create us a web app. So wanted to do is create us a web app. So wanted to do is create us a web app. So in order to create that web app first of in order to create that web app first of in order to create that web app first of all we use end to see the backend all we use end to see the backend all we use end to see the backend automation that we want to turn into an automation that we want to turn into an automation that we want to turn into an app and we create the front end to app and we create the front end to app and we create the front end to actually like collaborate with that. Now actually like collaborate with that. Now actually like collaborate with that. Now what is the front end? It's actually what is the front end? It's actually what is the front end? It's actually just code. So cloud code is building the just code. So cloud code is building the just code. So cloud code is building the code that displays the website and what code that displays the website and what code that displays the website and what we do with that code is we push that to we do with that code is we push that to we do with that code is we push that to GitHub in something called a repository GitHub in something called a repository GitHub in something called a repository or what a lot of people just call a or what a lot of people just call a or what a lot of people just call a GitHub repo. And then we have Verscell GitHub repo. And then we have Verscell GitHub repo. And then we have Verscell which actually deploys it on the which actually deploys it on the which actually deploys it on the internet so that other people could internet so that other people could internet so that other people could access this app. and Verscell is access this app. and Verscell is access this app. and Verscell is constantly looking at your GitHub repos constantly looking at your GitHub repos constantly looking at your GitHub repos so that if anything changes over there, so that if anything changes over there, so that if anything changes over there, you can basically have that change be you can basically have that change be you can basically have that change be instantly reflected on your real app. So instantly reflected on your real app. So instantly reflected on your real app. So like with this web app, the actual code like with this web app, the actual code like with this web app, the actual code for this lives in my cloud code locally. for this lives in my cloud code locally. for this lives in my cloud code locally. It's also reflected on GitHub and then It's also reflected on GitHub and then It's also reflected on GitHub and then Verscell has deployed it. So let's say I Verscell has deployed it. So let's say I Verscell has deployed it. So let's say I wanted to make this green instead of wanted to make this green instead of wanted to make this green instead of blue. I could tell cloud code to change blue. I could tell cloud code to change blue. I could tell cloud code to change the code to make it green and then I the code to make it green and then I the code to make it green and then I could say push this to GitHub. So, could say push this to GitHub. So, could say push this to GitHub. So, GitHub would grab it and then Verscell GitHub would grab it and then Verscell GitHub would grab it and then Verscell would grab it from GitHub and then in would grab it from GitHub and then in would grab it from GitHub and then in like 20 seconds we would see that this like 20 seconds we would see that this like 20 seconds we would see that this website would be green instead of blue. website would be green instead of blue. website would be green instead of blue. Hopefully that architecture makes sense. Hopefully that architecture makes sense. Hopefully that architecture makes sense. Now, let's get back into cloud code and Now, let's get back into cloud code and Now, let's get back into cloud code and let's start connecting all these things let's start connecting all these things let's start connecting all these things that we need. So, now what I'm doing is that we need. So, now what I'm doing is that we need. So, now what I'm doing is I'm saying connect all of these MCP I'm saying connect all of these MCP I'm saying connect all of these MCP servers and skills and just let me know servers and skills and just let me know servers and skills and just let me know if you need anything else. So, I'm if you need anything else. So, I'm if you need anything else. So, I'm giving it the URL for the NIN MCP giving it the URL for the NIN MCP giving it the URL for the NIN MCP server. I'm giving it my cloud URL. I'm server. I'm giving it my cloud URL. I'm server. I'm giving it my cloud URL. I'm giving it my NIN API key. I'm giving it giving it my NIN API key. I'm giving it giving it my NIN API key. I'm giving it the GitHub MCP server URL. I'm giving it the GitHub MCP server URL. I'm giving it the GitHub MCP server URL. I'm giving it my GitHub personal access token. I'm my GitHub personal access token. I'm my GitHub personal access token. I'm giving it the repo for my the end skills giving it the repo for my the end skills giving it the repo for my the end skills and I'm giving it the repo for the and I'm giving it the repo for the and I'm giving it the repo for the front-end design skills. All of these front-end design skills. All of these front-end design skills. All of these links that you'll need, I'll just put in links that you'll need, I'll just put in links that you'll need, I'll just put in the description of this video. And what the description of this video. And what the description of this video. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to turn I'm going to do is I'm going to turn I'm going to do is I'm going to turn this on bypass permissions mode because this on bypass permissions mode because this on bypass permissions mode because I just want it to go without me having I just want it to go without me having I just want it to go without me having to approve everything. So, I'm going to to approve everything. So, I'm going to to approve everything. So, I'm going to go ahead and shoot this off and let it go ahead and shoot this off and let it go ahead and shoot this off and let it work its magic. And while that's work its magic. And while that's work its magic. And while that's running, I'll show you guys two things. running, I'll show you guys two things. running, I'll show you guys two things. The first one is how do you get bypass The first one is how do you get bypass The first one is how do you get bypass permissions mode if you don't see it permissions mode if you don't see it permissions mode if you don't see it natively right there? Well, you go to natively right there? Well, you go to natively right there? Well, you go to your settings down here and then you your settings down here and then you your settings down here and then you would type in clawed code and then right would type in clawed code and then right would type in clawed code and then right here you just have to turn this check here you just have to turn this check here you just have to turn this check mark on that says allow dangerously skip mark on that says allow dangerously skip mark on that says allow dangerously skip permissions. Now, I know it sounds permissions. Now, I know it sounds permissions. Now, I know it sounds dangerous, but it's not too bad as long dangerous, but it's not too bad as long dangerous, but it's not too bad as long as you're watching it and like, you as you're watching it and like, you as you're watching it and like, you know, making sure that you're not know, making sure that you're not know, making sure that you're not telling it to go delete all your files telling it to go delete all your files telling it to go delete all your files and things like that. Now, the second and things like that. Now, the second and things like that. Now, the second thing I wanted to show you is how to get thing I wanted to show you is how to get thing I wanted to show you is how to get your GitHub personal access token. So, your GitHub personal access token. So, your GitHub personal access token. So, here is my GitHub. All you have to do is here is my GitHub. All you have to do is here is my GitHub. All you have to do is just go to GitHub, create an account. just go to GitHub, create an account. just go to GitHub, create an account. It's free to create an account. And then It's free to create an account. And then It's free to create an account. And then you're going to go up here to your you're going to go up here to your you're going to go up here to your settings and then at the bottom of your settings and then at the bottom of your settings and then at the bottom of your settings you should see developer settings you should see developer settings you should see developer settings and you're going to go ahead settings and you're going to go ahead settings and you're going to go ahead and create one of these personal access and create one of these personal access and create one of these personal access tokens and you'll create a fine grained tokens and you'll create a fine grained tokens and you'll create a fine grained token. So that's all you have to do. token. So that's all you have to do. token. So that's all you have to do. It'll give you basically an API key and It'll give you basically an API key and It'll give you basically an API key and then that's what you're going to give to then that's what you're going to give to then that's what you're going to give to claude code here so that it can set claude code here so that it can set claude code here so that it can set everything up. And when you actually go everything up. And when you actually go everything up. And when you actually go to create this token pretty much just to create this token pretty much just to create this token pretty much just give it a name. I leave mine on public give it a name. I leave mine on public give it a name. I leave mine on public repositories. I change the expiration to repositories. I change the expiration to repositories. I change the expiration to never. And then the last thing is about never. And then the last thing is about never. And then the last thing is about permissions. And usually what I do is I permissions. And usually what I do is I permissions. And usually what I do is I just add all of these. There might just add all of these. There might just add all of these. There might there's like 23 or something, but just there's like 23 or something, but just there's like 23 or something, but just add all of them. If you realize later add all of them. If you realize later add all of them. If you realize later you want to restrict something else, you you want to restrict something else, you you want to restrict something else, you can just go ahead and create a new one can just go ahead and create a new one can just go ahead and create a new one or restrict it in cloud code. It's not a or restrict it in cloud code. It's not a or restrict it in cloud code. It's not a huge deal. And then generate the token huge deal. And then generate the token huge deal. And then generate the token and pop it over to cloud code. And so and pop it over to cloud code. And so and pop it over to cloud code. And so the other thing to look at, and the other thing to look at, and the other thing to look at, and throughout this tutorial, you might see throughout this tutorial, you might see throughout this tutorial, you might see me use like a slashclear or some other me use like a slashclear or some other me use like a slashclear or some other things, but if you hit slash, you can things, but if you hit slash, you can things, but if you hit slash, you can see that there's other things that we see that there's other things that we see that there's other things that we can look at. So we can attach a file, we can look at. So we can attach a file, we can look at. So we can attach a file, we can mention a file from a project, we can mention a file from a project, we can mention a file from a project, we can switch the model. So we can go from can switch the model. So we can go from can switch the model. So we can go from default or sonnet 4.5, opus, haiku. We default or sonnet 4.5, opus, haiku. We default or sonnet 4.5, opus, haiku. We could also turn on thinking. We can could also turn on thinking. We can could also turn on thinking. We can manage our MCP servers, agents, hooks, manage our MCP servers, agents, hooks, manage our MCP servers, agents, hooks, memory. We can do all of these other memory. We can do all of these other memory. We can do all of these other slashcomands as well. And then if you slashcomands as well. And then if you slashcomands as well. And then if you actually use cloud code in something actually use cloud code in something actually use cloud code in something like cursor or in the terminal like cursor or in the terminal like cursor or in the terminal environment, there's even more commands environment, there's even more commands environment, there's even more commands and like more things you can do with and like more things you can do with and like more things you can do with agents and like plan mode and things agents and like plan mode and things agents and like plan mode and things like that. But like I said, VS Code just like that. But like I said, VS Code just like that. But like I said, VS Code just makes this all look a lot cleaner and a makes this all look a lot cleaner and a makes this all look a lot cleaner and a lot less intimidating, which is why I lot less intimidating, which is why I lot less intimidating, which is why I wanted to do cloud code on VS Code in wanted to do cloud code on VS Code in wanted to do cloud code on VS Code in this tutorial. So now it's asking me, this tutorial. So now it's asking me, this tutorial. So now it's asking me, how would you like me to configure all how would you like me to configure all how would you like me to configure all of this stuff? I'm just going to say of this stuff? I'm just going to say of this stuff? I'm just going to say create the MCP JSON file because I don't create the MCP JSON file because I don't create the MCP JSON file because I don't want to do it myself. I just want you to want to do it myself. I just want you to want to do it myself. I just want you to go ahead and take care of all of this go ahead and take care of all of this go ahead and take care of all of this stuff. And that's the thing that's stuff. And that's the thing that's stuff. And that's the thing that's interesting about this because when you interesting about this because when you interesting about this because when you go to a lot of these MCB servers or go to a lot of these MCB servers or go to a lot of these MCB servers or skills, it'll basically tell you skills, it'll basically tell you skills, it'll basically tell you installation steps and it will say, installation steps and it will say, installation steps and it will say, "Hey, go add this to your cloud code "Hey, go add this to your cloud code "Hey, go add this to your cloud code file or hey, go install this plugin." file or hey, go install this plugin." file or hey, go install this plugin." And I don't want to actually do that. I And I don't want to actually do that. I And I don't want to actually do that. I just want Cloud Code to do it. So, all I just want Cloud Code to do it. So, all I just want Cloud Code to do it. So, all I do is I give it the raw URLs. And what do is I give it the raw URLs. And what do is I give it the raw URLs. And what you can see here is when I give it the you can see here is when I give it the you can see here is when I give it the raw URLs, it just uses its web search raw URLs, it just uses its web search raw URLs, it just uses its web search tool and it reads the page and tool and it reads the page and tool and it reads the page and understands installation and then just understands installation and then just understands installation and then just does it. So a lot of times if cloud code does it. So a lot of times if cloud code does it. So a lot of times if cloud code comes back to you and says, "Hey, what comes back to you and says, "Hey, what comes back to you and says, "Hey, what you need to do is do this." You can come you need to do is do this." You can come you need to do is do this." You can come back to it and just say, "No, you do back to it and just say, "No, you do back to it and just say, "No, you do it." And most of the time it'll just do it." And most of the time it'll just do it." And most of the time it'll just do it. Every once in a while it'll say, "I it. Every once in a while it'll say, "I it. Every once in a while it'll say, "I actually can't. I need you to do this." actually can't. I need you to do this." actually can't. I need you to do this." But most of the time you can just tell But most of the time you can just tell But most of the time you can just tell it to do it for you. Like right here it it to do it for you. Like right here it it to do it for you. Like right here it says, "Install the skills by running says, "Install the skills by running says, "Install the skills by running these commands after restart." I'm going these commands after restart." I'm going these commands after restart." I'm going to say, "I don't want to install those to say, "I don't want to install those to say, "I don't want to install those commands. Can't you just do it for me? commands. Can't you just do it for me? commands. Can't you just do it for me? And what do you know? Done. Both skill And what do you know? Done. Both skill And what do you know? Done. Both skill sets are now installed. So I didn't have sets are now installed. So I didn't have sets are now installed. So I didn't have to do any of that. So right here we have to do any of that. So right here we have to do any of that. So right here we have the MCP JSON file. And this is where you the MCP JSON file. And this is where you the MCP JSON file. And this is where you can see we have our NADN MCP server and can see we have our NADN MCP server and can see we have our NADN MCP server and we have our GitHub MCP server. And we have our GitHub MCP server. And we have our GitHub MCP server. And you'll notice that we don't actually see you'll notice that we don't actually see you'll notice that we don't actually see the skills in here. And the reason why the skills in here. And the reason why the skills in here. And the reason why is because the skills were installed is because the skills were installed is because the skills were installed globally, not just within this one globally, not just within this one globally, not just within this one project that we're working in called project that we're working in called project that we're working in called endent app, which is cool because later endent app, which is cool because later endent app, which is cool because later if we make another project, we already if we make another project, we already if we make another project, we already have those skills installed. And if you have those skills installed. And if you have those skills installed. And if you don't believe me or you get confused, don't believe me or you get confused, don't believe me or you get confused, you just ask Claude. I said why don't I you just ask Claude. I said why don't I you just ask Claude. I said why don't I see the Niten skills in this project and see the Niten skills in this project and see the Niten skills in this project and it basically just came down and said it basically just came down and said it basically just came down and said yeah they're installed globally here are yeah they're installed globally here are yeah they're installed globally here are the seven skills and for some reason it the seven skills and for some reason it the seven skills and for some reason it said six so not the best at counting but said six so not the best at counting but said six so not the best at counting but then we also have the front-end skill then we also have the front-end skill then we also have the front-end skill down here so that's just to prove that down here so that's just to prove that down here so that's just to prove that they are actually installed even though they are actually installed even though they are actually installed even though you don't see them over here on the file you don't see them over here on the file you don't see them over here on the file explorer now something else to keep in explorer now something else to keep in explorer now something else to keep in mind about this MCP JSON file is that it mind about this MCP JSON file is that it mind about this MCP JSON file is that it has your real GitHub token and your real has your real GitHub token and your real has your real GitHub token and your real API key in here. So if you've shared API key in here. So if you've shared API key in here. So if you've shared this file for some reason or someone had this file for some reason or someone had this file for some reason or someone had access to this, they would be able to do access to this, they would be able to do access to this, they would be able to do anything in your end because they have anything in your end because they have anything in your end because they have this information. So obviously I'll be this information. So obviously I'll be this information. So obviously I'll be deleting these credentials after this deleting these credentials after this deleting these credentials after this video goes live. But just something else video goes live. But just something else video goes live. But just something else that I wanted to make sure you guys were that I wanted to make sure you guys were that I wanted to make sure you guys were aware of. That is why typically when aware of. That is why typically when aware of. That is why typically when you're doing certain things, you're you're doing certain things, you're you're doing certain things, you're going to have like av file and you'll going to have like av file and you'll going to have like av file and you'll have your actual scripts and things call have your actual scripts and things call have your actual scripts and things call on those credentials so they only use on those credentials so they only use on those credentials so they only use them when they need them and like all them when they need them and like all them when they need them and like all those files are encrypted. So don't want those files are encrypted. So don't want those files are encrypted. So don't want to confuse you guys. We're not going to to confuse you guys. We're not going to to confuse you guys. We're not going to dive into that right now. Just something dive into that right now. Just something dive into that right now. Just something that you should be aware of. All right. that you should be aware of. All right. that you should be aware of. All right. So, what I'm going to do now is I have So, what I'm going to do now is I have So, what I'm going to do now is I have to restart Cloud Code, otherwise it to restart Cloud Code, otherwise it to restart Cloud Code, otherwise it won't actually reflect all that. So, won't actually reflect all that. So, won't actually reflect all that. So, really what I'm going to do is just really what I'm going to do is just really what I'm going to do is just close out of VS Code and then we're close out of VS Code and then we're close out of VS Code and then we're going to open it back up and then going to open it back up and then going to open it back up and then everything should be all set. All right. everything should be all set. All right. everything should be all set. All right. So, I'm going to go ahead and do a slash So, I'm going to go ahead and do a slash So, I'm going to go ahead and do a slash command. I'm going to do /cle just to command. I'm going to do /cle just to command. I'm going to do /cle just to get rid of this conversation so we can get rid of this conversation so we can get rid of this conversation so we can start fresh on a new context. But keep start fresh on a new context. But keep start fresh on a new context. But keep in mind, every time we talk to cloud in mind, every time we talk to cloud in mind, every time we talk to cloud code, it's still going to be reading code, it's still going to be reading code, it's still going to be reading through our cloud. MD system prompt to through our cloud. MD system prompt to through our cloud. MD system prompt to understand what we're doing in this understand what we're doing in this understand what we're doing in this project. Okay. So, what actually are we project. Okay. So, what actually are we project. Okay. So, what actually are we going to turn into a web app? Well, going to turn into a web app? Well, going to turn into a web app? Well, let's make it pretty simple. I've got let's make it pretty simple. I've got let's make it pretty simple. I've got this workflow here which is just an AI this workflow here which is just an AI this workflow here which is just an AI agent and it's a chat window here and agent and it's a chat window here and agent and it's a chat window here and it's called fitness coach. So, in here I it's called fitness coach. So, in here I it's called fitness coach. So, in here I basically just have a system prompt basically just have a system prompt basically just have a system prompt prompting this agent to be a fitness prompting this agent to be a fitness prompting this agent to be a fitness coach with stuff like um you know coach with stuff like um you know coach with stuff like um you know weightlifting, working out, some basic weightlifting, working out, some basic weightlifting, working out, some basic nutrition stuff just so we can make a nutrition stuff just so we can make a nutrition stuff just so we can make a little demo here. But you can see that little demo here. But you can see that little demo here. But you can see that this is not ready to go to be turned this is not ready to go to be turned this is not ready to go to be turned into a web app. Not really at least. But into a web app. Not really at least. But into a web app. Not really at least. But all I'm going to do is just tell Cloud all I'm going to do is just tell Cloud all I'm going to do is just tell Cloud Code to look for this workflow and help Code to look for this workflow and help Code to look for this workflow and help me turn it into a web app. So, we're me turn it into a web app. So, we're me turn it into a web app. So, we're going to go back into cloud code. I'm going to go back into cloud code. I'm going to go back into cloud code. I'm going to change this to plan mode going to change this to plan mode going to change this to plan mode because we want to like brainstorm how because we want to like brainstorm how because we want to like brainstorm how we're going to do this. And I'm going to we're going to do this. And I'm going to we're going to do this. And I'm going to say, I've got a workflow in my edit say, I've got a workflow in my edit say, I've got a workflow in my edit instance called fitness coach. I want to instance called fitness coach. I want to instance called fitness coach. I want to turn this into a web app. So, before we turn this into a web app. So, before we turn this into a web app. So, before we do that, please take a look at it and do that, please take a look at it and do that, please take a look at it and help me change it so that it's ready to help me change it so that it's ready to help me change it so that it's ready to go and I can talk to it from a front go and I can talk to it from a front go and I can talk to it from a front end. So, I'll shoot this off and we're end. So, I'll shoot this off and we're end. So, I'll shoot this off and we're basically just going to watch it think. basically just going to watch it think. basically just going to watch it think. It's going to walk through its steps and It's going to walk through its steps and It's going to walk through its steps and what you can see right now is that it's what you can see right now is that it's what you can see right now is that it's using the end MCP to find our workflows. using the end MCP to find our workflows. using the end MCP to find our workflows. Now it was able to find the fitness Now it was able to find the fitness Now it was able to find the fitness coach. So it's going to analyze it and coach. So it's going to analyze it and coach. So it's going to analyze it and you can see that it found the workflow you can see that it found the workflow you can see that it found the workflow but there's an issue which is it's using but there's an issue which is it's using but there's an issue which is it's using the chat trigger which is not really the chat trigger which is not really the chat trigger which is not really designed for a custom front end. So it's designed for a custom front end. So it's designed for a custom front end. So it's going to write up a plan to change this going to write up a plan to change this going to write up a plan to change this workflow for us. So here it asks, do you workflow for us. So here it asks, do you workflow for us. So here it asks, do you want the fitness coach to remember want the fitness coach to remember want the fitness coach to remember conversation history? Because right now conversation history? Because right now conversation history? Because right now in the actual workflow there's no in the actual workflow there's no in the actual workflow there's no memory. So what I'm going to do is say memory. So what I'm going to do is say memory. So what I'm going to do is say yeah that's a great feature. We want the yeah that's a great feature. We want the yeah that's a great feature. We want the coach to be able to remember like it's coach to be able to remember like it's coach to be able to remember like it's having a conversation. Okay. So, here it having a conversation. Okay. So, here it having a conversation. Okay. So, here it came up with a plan which is to prepare came up with a plan which is to prepare came up with a plan which is to prepare the fitness coach workflow to be a web the fitness coach workflow to be a web the fitness coach workflow to be a web app. So, it tells us what the problem app. So, it tells us what the problem app. So, it tells us what the problem is. It tells us what it's going to do. is. It tells us what it's going to do. is. It tells us what it's going to do. So, it's going to replace the chat So, it's going to replace the chat So, it's going to replace the chat trigger with a web hook. It's going to trigger with a web hook. It's going to trigger with a web hook. It's going to add a window buffer. It's going to add a add a window buffer. It's going to add a add a window buffer. It's going to add a window buffer memory. It's going to window buffer memory. It's going to window buffer memory. It's going to update all these connections. It's going update all these connections. It's going update all these connections. It's going to configure the agent input. And then, to configure the agent input. And then, to configure the agent input. And then, it's going to publish the workflow as it's going to publish the workflow as it's going to publish the workflow as well. And so, we could obviously make well. And so, we could obviously make well. And so, we could obviously make some changes here if we want. I want to some changes here if we want. I want to some changes here if we want. I want to see how it did on its own. So, I'm going see how it did on its own. So, I'm going see how it did on its own. So, I'm going to go ahead and just auto accept all to go ahead and just auto accept all to go ahead and just auto accept all these changes. I'm going to make this these changes. I'm going to make this these changes. I'm going to make this bypass permissions so that we can just bypass permissions so that we can just bypass permissions so that we can just basically see when it's done. And what basically see when it's done. And what basically see when it's done. And what it does is it creates a to-do list, it does is it creates a to-do list, it does is it creates a to-do list, which is really cool because it helps which is really cool because it helps which is really cool because it helps the actual model stay on track, but it the actual model stay on track, but it the actual model stay on track, but it also helps us understand its thought also helps us understand its thought also helps us understand its thought process and what stage it's on. So that process and what stage it's on. So that process and what stage it's on. So that way, a lot of times when you're working way, a lot of times when you're working way, a lot of times when you're working with Cloud Code, you can have it open on with Cloud Code, you can have it open on with Cloud Code, you can have it open on one monitor, you can be doing something one monitor, you can be doing something one monitor, you can be doing something else, watching a YouTube video, whatever else, watching a YouTube video, whatever else, watching a YouTube video, whatever you want to do, and just kind of you want to do, and just kind of you want to do, and just kind of checking in and making sure that it's checking in and making sure that it's checking in and making sure that it's staying on the right path. And a lot of staying on the right path. And a lot of staying on the right path. And a lot of times it's not perfect, but what's so times it's not perfect, but what's so times it's not perfect, but what's so cool about cloud code is that it runs cool about cloud code is that it runs cool about cloud code is that it runs into issues and it analyzes what went into issues and it analyzes what went into issues and it analyzes what went wrong and then fixes it. So right here wrong and then fixes it. So right here wrong and then fixes it. So right here you can see that there was an error you can see that there was an error you can see that there was an error because the key parameter for the because the key parameter for the because the key parameter for the session ID for the memory was was session ID for the memory was was session ID for the memory was was missing. And so it figured out that the missing. And so it figured out that the missing. And so it figured out that the body is actually nested and then it went body is actually nested and then it went body is actually nested and then it went ahead and just you know changed the ahead and just you know changed the ahead and just you know changed the workflow after it realized that. So it's workflow after it realized that. So it's workflow after it realized that. So it's all about how much context you give it all about how much context you give it all about how much context you give it and how clearly you can explain what you and how clearly you can explain what you and how clearly you can explain what you want. And that's also why the planning want. And that's also why the planning want. And that's also why the planning mode is so helpful. But it looks like mode is so helpful. But it looks like mode is so helpful. But it looks like that workflow has been updated. Now, that workflow has been updated. Now, that workflow has been updated. Now, what I'm going to do is go back into what I'm going to do is go back into what I'm going to do is go back into edit end, which was this workflow right edit end, which was this workflow right edit end, which was this workflow right here. And I'm going to hit refresh, and here. And I'm going to hit refresh, and here. And I'm going to hit refresh, and we should now see that the workflow is we should now see that the workflow is we should now see that the workflow is changed, and it should be ready to go changed, and it should be ready to go changed, and it should be ready to go for our web app. So, we've got a web for our web app. So, we've got a web for our web app. So, we've got a web hook, which is post request. We've got hook, which is post request. We've got hook, which is post request. We've got our memory, and let's see if it changed our memory, and let's see if it changed our memory, and let's see if it changed the actual configuration of the user the actual configuration of the user the actual configuration of the user message, which it did. So, we also, I message, which it did. So, we also, I message, which it did. So, we also, I noticed, don't have a responder web hook noticed, don't have a responder web hook noticed, don't have a responder web hook node. So, what it's doing is it's using node. So, what it's doing is it's using node. So, what it's doing is it's using respond when the last node finishes with respond when the last node finishes with respond when the last node finishes with the first entry. So, I think we should the first entry. So, I think we should the first entry. So, I think we should be all right. But later if we end up be all right. But later if we end up be all right. But later if we end up needing to change something, we would needing to change something, we would needing to change something, we would just say, "Hey, Claude, this didn't just say, "Hey, Claude, this didn't just say, "Hey, Claude, this didn't work. Go fix the workflow." All right, work. Go fix the workflow." All right, work. Go fix the workflow." All right, so back in Claude, what I'm going to do so back in Claude, what I'm going to do so back in Claude, what I'm going to do now is I'm going to clear out this now is I'm going to clear out this now is I'm going to clear out this context once again, and I'm going to go context once again, and I'm going to go context once again, and I'm going to go back into plan mode, and we're going to back into plan mode, and we're going to back into plan mode, and we're going to talk about what we want this actual web talk about what we want this actual web talk about what we want this actual web app to look like. Hey Claude, help me app to look like. Hey Claude, help me app to look like. Hey Claude, help me create a plan to actually build out this create a plan to actually build out this create a plan to actually build out this front end for the end workflow. I want front end for the end workflow. I want front end for the end workflow. I want to make sure that in your plan, you're to make sure that in your plan, you're to make sure that in your plan, you're going to be using the front-end designer going to be using the front-end designer going to be using the front-end designer skill, the end tools skill, and all of skill, the end tools skill, and all of skill, the end tools skill, and all of the resources that you have to make this the resources that you have to make this the resources that you have to make this as good as possible. We don't want the as good as possible. We don't want the as good as possible. We don't want the web app to look AI vibecoded. We want it web app to look AI vibecoded. We want it web app to look AI vibecoded. We want it to look professional, very minimalistic, to look professional, very minimalistic, to look professional, very minimalistic, and we want it to be super clean. We and we want it to be super clean. We and we want it to be super clean. We also want it to be a little bit gamified also want it to be a little bit gamified also want it to be a little bit gamified to incentivize people to come in and to to incentivize people to come in and to to incentivize people to come in and to talk to the fitness coach. Maybe we can talk to the fitness coach. Maybe we can talk to the fitness coach. Maybe we can have the main chat interface and then on have the main chat interface and then on have the main chat interface and then on the right hand side, we can have a the right hand side, we can have a the right hand side, we can have a little bit of gamification with um a little bit of gamification with um a little bit of gamification with um a tracker for how many times people have tracker for how many times people have tracker for how many times people have talked to the fitness coach and maybe talked to the fitness coach and maybe talked to the fitness coach and maybe they can level up after, you know, every they can level up after, you know, every they can level up after, you know, every five or 10 messages or something like five or 10 messages or something like five or 10 messages or something like that. Ask me clarification questions to that. Ask me clarification questions to that. Ask me clarification questions to make sure that we're not leaving any make sure that we're not leaving any make sure that we're not leaving any holes in our plan here and any holes in our plan here and any holes in our plan here and any suggestions that you may want to make suggestions that you may want to make suggestions that you may want to make that I didn't yet think of. All right, that I didn't yet think of. All right, that I didn't yet think of. All right, I'm shooting that off. I'll let you guys I'm shooting that off. I'll let you guys I'm shooting that off. I'll let you guys know if anything important happens. All know if anything important happens. All know if anything important happens. All right, so I got some questions here. The right, so I got some questions here. The right, so I got some questions here. The first one is which end workflow should first one is which end workflow should first one is which end workflow should this front end connect to? We're going this front end connect to? We're going this front end connect to? We're going to do the existing workflow, which it to do the existing workflow, which it to do the existing workflow, which it should be able to find. Now we have what should be able to find. Now we have what should be able to find. Now we have what core features should the fitness coach core features should the fitness coach core features should the fitness coach provide when users chat with it? General provide when users chat with it? General provide when users chat with it? General fitness Q&amp;A, personalized workout plans, fitness Q&amp;A, personalized workout plans, fitness Q&amp;A, personalized workout plans, progress tracking. Yeah, we'll just do progress tracking. Yeah, we'll just do progress tracking. Yeah, we'll just do all of these. gamification. For the all of these. gamification. For the all of these. gamification. For the gamification system, what should users gamification system, what should users gamification system, what should users be leveling up and earning rewards for? be leveling up and earning rewards for? be leveling up and earning rewards for? Just a message count. Let's just do Just a message count. Let's just do Just a message count. Let's just do that. And then what's your preference that. And then what's your preference that. And then what's your preference for user data persistence, remembering for user data persistence, remembering for user data persistence, remembering their level, message count, things like their level, message count, things like their level, message count, things like that. And I'm just going to say, let me that. And I'm just going to say, let me that. And I'm just going to say, let me decide later. We can get into a bunch of decide later. We can get into a bunch of decide later. We can get into a bunch of back-end database storage and, you know, back-end database storage and, you know, back-end database storage and, you know, authentication in different videos. We authentication in different videos. We authentication in different videos. We want to keep this one simple. So, for want to keep this one simple. So, for want to keep this one simple. So, for now, we're just going to go with that. now, we're just going to go with that. now, we're just going to go with that. Now, it's asking for the name or ID of Now, it's asking for the name or ID of Now, it's asking for the name or ID of the existing Fitness Coach workflow, the the existing Fitness Coach workflow, the the existing Fitness Coach workflow, the one that it found earlier. So, I'm just one that it found earlier. So, I'm just one that it found earlier. So, I'm just going to go ahead and type in the name going to go ahead and type in the name going to go ahead and type in the name or ID. And honestly, now that I think or ID. And honestly, now that I think or ID. And honestly, now that I think about it, it probably would have been about it, it probably would have been about it, it probably would have been better if I didn't clear the context and better if I didn't clear the context and better if I didn't clear the context and we just kept talking on that previous we just kept talking on that previous we just kept talking on that previous thread. But what are you going to do? thread. But what are you going to do? thread. But what are you going to do? Some more questions now. What color Some more questions now. What color Some more questions now. What color scheme or brand aesthetic do you want? scheme or brand aesthetic do you want? scheme or brand aesthetic do you want? I'm going to go with dark mode primary. I'm going to go with dark mode primary. I'm going to go with dark mode primary. The app name, let's just go with yeah, The app name, let's just go with yeah, The app name, let's just go with yeah, fit coach AI. And then mobile layout. fit coach AI. And then mobile layout. fit coach AI. And then mobile layout. Should the gamification panel be visible Should the gamification panel be visible Should the gamification panel be visible on mobile or only larger screens? We're on mobile or only larger screens? We're on mobile or only larger screens? We're just going to go with always visible. just going to go with always visible. just going to go with always visible. Keep things nice and easy. All right. Keep things nice and easy. All right. Keep things nice and easy. All right. So, the plan for the Fit Coach AI web So, the plan for the Fit Coach AI web So, the plan for the Fit Coach AI web app is done. There's tons of stuff in app is done. There's tons of stuff in app is done. There's tons of stuff in here with structure, text stack, key here with structure, text stack, key here with structure, text stack, key features, all this kind of stuff. features, all this kind of stuff. features, all this kind of stuff. Obviously, you would [snorts] read Obviously, you would [snorts] read Obviously, you would [snorts] read through this and make some changes if through this and make some changes if through this and make some changes if you want, but we're just going to see you want, but we're just going to see you want, but we're just going to see how Cloud Code does on its own. So, I'm how Cloud Code does on its own. So, I'm how Cloud Code does on its own. So, I'm going to go ahead and auto accept those going to go ahead and auto accept those going to go ahead and auto accept those changes. And of course, what it's going changes. And of course, what it's going changes. And of course, what it's going to do is set up a to-do list, as you can to do is set up a to-do list, as you can to do is set up a to-do list, as you can see right here. So, I'll just check in see right here. So, I'll just check in see right here. So, I'll just check in with you guys when we have something with you guys when we have something with you guys when we have something ready to test. Okay, so there we go. The ready to test. Okay, so there we go. The ready to test. Okay, so there we go. The to-do list has been completed and Fit to-do list has been completed and Fit to-do list has been completed and Fit Coach AI is ready. You can see that it's Coach AI is ready. You can see that it's Coach AI is ready. You can see that it's actually living right now on a local actually living right now on a local actually living right now on a local host, which basically just means only we host, which basically just means only we host, which basically just means only we could access this. So if I gave you this could access this. So if I gave you this could access this. So if I gave you this exact, you know, HTTP address, it would exact, you know, HTTP address, it would exact, you know, HTTP address, it would pull up your own local host, whatever pull up your own local host, whatever pull up your own local host, whatever you're hosting on 30002. So what we need you're hosting on 30002. So what we need you're hosting on 30002. So what we need to do is make sure it works here. And to do is make sure it works here. And to do is make sure it works here. And then you can see when you're ready, then you can see when you're ready, then you can see when you're ready, we'll initialize the git and we'll push we'll initialize the git and we'll push we'll initialize the git and we'll push it to GitHub and then we'll deploy it to it to GitHub and then we'll deploy it to it to GitHub and then we'll deploy it to Verscell. So I'm going to go ahead and Verscell. So I'm going to go ahead and Verscell. So I'm going to go ahead and open up this local host and let's take a open up this local host and let's take a open up this local host and let's take a look at what we've got. All right. So, look at what we've got. All right. So, look at what we've got. All right. So, this is the Fit Coach AI interface that this is the Fit Coach AI interface that this is the Fit Coach AI interface that it came up with. And you can see we've it came up with. And you can see we've it came up with. And you can see we've got ready to crush your goals. You can got ready to crush your goals. You can got ready to crush your goals. You can try creating a 30-minute HIT workout. try creating a 30-minute HIT workout. try creating a 30-minute HIT workout. What should I eat after working out? How What should I eat after working out? How What should I eat after working out? How do I stay motivated to exercise? We've do I stay motivated to exercise? We've do I stay motivated to exercise? We've got some stats over here. So, we've been got some stats over here. So, we've been got some stats over here. So, we've been a member since January 14th. We've got a member since January 14th. We've got a member since January 14th. We've got rookie level one, 11 points to the next. rookie level one, 11 points to the next. rookie level one, 11 points to the next. We've got a road map. So, it did We've got a road map. So, it did We've got a road map. So, it did everything that we were looking for. everything that we were looking for. everything that we were looking for. Let's see if it's actually able to talk Let's see if it's actually able to talk Let's see if it's actually able to talk to our NN workflow. So, I'm going to to our NN workflow. So, I'm going to to our NN workflow. So, I'm going to start off by just saying, "Hey there. start off by just saying, "Hey there. start off by just saying, "Hey there. We'll shoot this off and let's see if we We'll shoot this off and let's see if we We'll shoot this off and let's see if we get some sort of response back. Okay, get some sort of response back. Okay, get some sort of response back. Okay, cool. So, it gave us a response, but it cool. So, it gave us a response, but it cool. So, it gave us a response, but it doesn't look great as you can see doesn't look great as you can see doesn't look great as you can see because what happens is in nitn when we because what happens is in nitn when we because what happens is in nitn when we respond, we get the whole JSON body. So, respond, we get the whole JSON body. So, respond, we get the whole JSON body. So, we get the output and then we get all we get the output and then we get all we get the output and then we get all this other stuff. So, if I actually go this other stuff. So, if I actually go this other stuff. So, if I actually go to the fitness coach workflow, we go to to the fitness coach workflow, we go to to the fitness coach workflow, we go to executions, we can see that when claude executions, we can see that when claude executions, we can see that when claude code changed the workflow, it did code changed the workflow, it did code changed the workflow, it did everything right, which is great. But everything right, which is great. But everything right, which is great. But the actual output of the fitness coach the actual output of the fitness coach the actual output of the fitness coach is this JSON body. So basically the is this JSON body. So basically the is this JSON body. So basically the front end displays this JSON body rather front end displays this JSON body rather front end displays this JSON body rather than just the actual output which is than just the actual output which is than just the actual output which is what we want it to display. So super what we want it to display. So super what we want it to display. So super easy. What we're going to do is we are easy. What we're going to do is we are easy. What we're going to do is we are going to of course go back into cloud going to of course go back into cloud going to of course go back into cloud code and just tell it to fix that. So code and just tell it to fix that. So code and just tell it to fix that. So what I'm going to do is take a what I'm going to do is take a what I'm going to do is take a screenshot of this output just so that screenshot of this output just so that screenshot of this output just so that cloud code can see exactly what I'm cloud code can see exactly what I'm cloud code can see exactly what I'm talking about. We'll go back in here. talking about. We'll go back in here. talking about. We'll go back in here. I'll paste that in. So it's working I'll paste that in. So it's working I'll paste that in. So it's working good. But when the agent responds to us good. But when the agent responds to us good. But when the agent responds to us in the app, it actually displays the in the app, it actually displays the in the app, it actually displays the entire JSON body. We don't want to see entire JSON body. We don't want to see entire JSON body. We don't want to see the field called output. We just want to the field called output. We just want to the field called output. We just want to see the actual output itself. see the actual output itself. see the actual output itself. And for something simple like this, I'm And for something simple like this, I'm And for something simple like this, I'm not even going to go into plan mode not even going to go into plan mode not even going to go into plan mode because it's a very easy request. So, it because it's a very easy request. So, it because it's a very easy request. So, it should just be able to change the front should just be able to change the front should just be able to change the front end to configure just displaying the end to configure just displaying the end to configure just displaying the actual output. All right, sweet. So, it actual output. All right, sweet. So, it actual output. All right, sweet. So, it said that it fixed that. I'm going to go said that it fixed that. I'm going to go said that it fixed that. I'm going to go back in here and I'm going to say, back in here and I'm going to say, back in here and I'm going to say, what's the best time of day that I what's the best time of day that I what's the best time of day that I should be working out and eating? So, should be working out and eating? So, should be working out and eating? So, just something random. Shoot that off. just something random. Shoot that off. just something random. Shoot that off. And hopefully this time we only get back And hopefully this time we only get back And hopefully this time we only get back the actual output that we're looking the actual output that we're looking the actual output that we're looking for. Another thing that I am noticing for. Another thing that I am noticing for. Another thing that I am noticing though is nothing's actually happening though is nothing's actually happening though is nothing's actually happening on the gamification side. So, I imagine on the gamification side. So, I imagine on the gamification side. So, I imagine that this should be giving us points that this should be giving us points that this should be giving us points each time that we get a message back. As each time that we get a message back. As each time that we get a message back. As you can see, we did get a better output you can see, we did get a better output you can see, we did get a better output now. Although, I don't like that it's now. Although, I don't like that it's now. Although, I don't like that it's coming with like markdown and bold. So, coming with like markdown and bold. So, coming with like markdown and bold. So, that's something that we would actually that's something that we would actually that's something that we would actually change in the system prompt of the agent change in the system prompt of the agent change in the system prompt of the agent here rather than in the front-end here rather than in the front-end here rather than in the front-end development. So, not a huge deal, but development. So, not a huge deal, but development. So, not a huge deal, but we're not getting any points. So, that's we're not getting any points. So, that's we're not getting any points. So, that's the next thing that we have to tell the next thing that we have to tell the next thing that we have to tell Claude to fix. Awesome. That change Claude to fix. Awesome. That change Claude to fix. Awesome. That change worked, but now the issue is we're not worked, but now the issue is we're not worked, but now the issue is we're not actually getting any gamification. So, actually getting any gamification. So, actually getting any gamification. So, I've sent two messages now, but we still I've sent two messages now, but we still I've sent two messages now, but we still have zero points on the app itself. So, have zero points on the app itself. So, have zero points on the app itself. So, fix that. Okay, so it looks like it fix that. Okay, so it looks like it fix that. Okay, so it looks like it reset some stuff with local storage and reset some stuff with local storage and reset some stuff with local storage and whatever this is talking about. Now, whatever this is talking about. Now, whatever this is talking about. Now, let's go ahead and try again. It seems let's go ahead and try again. It seems let's go ahead and try again. It seems like that should have fixed. Although, like that should have fixed. Although, like that should have fixed. Although, now we have to see if we can refresh the now we have to see if we can refresh the now we have to see if we can refresh the page. Uh-oh. So, this is the actual page. Uh-oh. So, this is the actual page. Uh-oh. So, this is the actual local host that we were supposed to be local host that we were supposed to be local host that we were supposed to be using the app on, but there's some sort using the app on, but there's some sort using the app on, but there's some sort of issue here even when I refresh. So, of issue here even when I refresh. So, of issue here even when I refresh. So, let me take an a screenshot of this and let me take an a screenshot of this and let me take an a screenshot of this and send this over to cloud code. I can't send this over to cloud code. I can't send this over to cloud code. I can't access the app anymore. Okay, so it says access the app anymore. Okay, so it says access the app anymore. Okay, so it says that it rewrote everything with a that it rewrote everything with a that it rewrote everything with a simpler approach. We should need to try simpler approach. We should need to try simpler approach. We should need to try to refresh. And there we go. Cool. So, to refresh. And there we go. Cool. So, to refresh. And there we go. Cool. So, we actually do have our two messages we actually do have our two messages we actually do have our two messages that we already sent. Let's just say um that we already sent. Let's just say um that we already sent. Let's just say um create a 30-minute hit workout. Shoot create a 30-minute hit workout. Shoot create a 30-minute hit workout. Shoot that off. And hopefully when the agent that off. And hopefully when the agent that off. And hopefully when the agent responds we'll get another point on the responds we'll get another point on the responds we'll get another point on the right hand side. Cool. We did. So we got right hand side. Cool. We did. So we got right hand side. Cool. We did. So we got the response and we also got another the response and we also got another the response and we also got another message. Now finally before we actually message. Now finally before we actually message. Now finally before we actually push this to GitHub I wanted to show you push this to GitHub I wanted to show you push this to GitHub I wanted to show you guys that we could change the system guys that we could change the system guys that we could change the system prompt with cloud code. So one last prompt with cloud code. So one last prompt with cloud code. So one last request. request. request. Awesome. That's working. My last request Awesome. That's working. My last request Awesome. That's working. My last request is that the agent is responding with is that the agent is responding with is that the agent is responding with markdown formatting and bold stuff. So I markdown formatting and bold stuff. So I markdown formatting and bold stuff. So I wanted to just respond in complete wanted to just respond in complete wanted to just respond in complete natural language paragraph form like an natural language paragraph form like an natural language paragraph form like an actual human would. So go ahead and make actual human would. So go ahead and make actual human would. So go ahead and make that change in the nitin workflow and that change in the nitin workflow and that change in the nitin workflow and update the system prompt of the AI update the system prompt of the AI update the system prompt of the AI agent. All right, cool. So the nitin workflow All right, cool. So the nitin workflow All right, cool. So the nitin workflow has been updated. It went ahead and has been updated. It went ahead and has been updated. It went ahead and changed the system prompt so that now it changed the system prompt so that now it changed the system prompt so that now it should only be responding in natural should only be responding in natural should only be responding in natural language. I'm just going to go ahead and language. I'm just going to go ahead and language. I'm just going to go ahead and go to the workflow and refresh it. Make go to the workflow and refresh it. Make go to the workflow and refresh it. Make sure everything is all set. Looks like sure everything is all set. Looks like sure everything is all set. Looks like we've got it saved. It's still we've got it saved. It's still we've got it saved. It's still published. So let's just do one final published. So let's just do one final published. So let's just do one final test in here. So I set it like that test in here. So I set it like that test in here. So I set it like that because I want to make sure that the because I want to make sure that the because I want to make sure that the memory is working. I want to make sure memory is working. I want to make sure memory is working. I want to make sure that it comes back and responds to us in that it comes back and responds to us in that it comes back and responds to us in natural language only. No formatting and natural language only. No formatting and natural language only. No formatting and that once again we will get the um extra that once again we will get the um extra that once again we will get the um extra message. Okay. So we still got a little message. Okay. So we still got a little message. Okay. So we still got a little bit of bold things and we'd probably bit of bold things and we'd probably bit of bold things and we'd probably just have to go back. But what I wanted just have to go back. But what I wanted just have to go back. But what I wanted to actually make sure of was that in to actually make sure of was that in to actually make sure of was that in here it actually did change the system here it actually did change the system here it actually did change the system prompt which you can see that it did. So prompt which you can see that it did. So prompt which you can see that it did. So I guess maybe we just weren't explicit I guess maybe we just weren't explicit I guess maybe we just weren't explicit enough at actually how to prompt it. But enough at actually how to prompt it. But enough at actually how to prompt it. But the point I was trying to make, which is the point I was trying to make, which is the point I was trying to make, which is what I think is really important, is what I think is really important, is what I think is really important, is that what we just did is we had a random that what we just did is we had a random that what we just did is we had a random workflow. We had Cloud Code look at it, workflow. We had Cloud Code look at it, workflow. We had Cloud Code look at it, optimize it for a front end. We built optimize it for a front end. We built optimize it for a front end. We built the front end, and then we went back and the front end, and then we went back and the front end, and then we went back and forth with Cloud Code when the front end forth with Cloud Code when the front end forth with Cloud Code when the front end wasn't working how we wanted it to. And wasn't working how we wanted it to. And wasn't working how we wanted it to. And then we also had Cloud Code change the then we also had Cloud Code change the then we also had Cloud Code change the actual backend end workflow itself. So actual backend end workflow itself. So actual backend end workflow itself. So everything that we're doing here is just everything that we're doing here is just everything that we're doing here is just using our natural language to cloud code using our natural language to cloud code using our natural language to cloud code and just speaking very clearly about and just speaking very clearly about and just speaking very clearly about what we want. And that's obviously a what we want. And that's obviously a what we want. And that's obviously a good example. I wasn't clear enough good example. I wasn't clear enough good example. I wasn't clear enough about the way that I want it to respond. about the way that I want it to respond. about the way that I want it to respond. So I would just have to go back one more So I would just have to go back one more So I would just have to go back one more time. But now let's actually move on to time. But now let's actually move on to time. But now let's actually move on to the next step here where we're going to the next step here where we're going to the next step here where we're going to take the code and we're going to push it take the code and we're going to push it take the code and we're going to push it to GitHub and then have that to GitHub and then have that to GitHub and then have that automatically sync with forcell. So automatically sync with forcell. So automatically sync with forcell. So first of all, what you need to do of first of all, what you need to do of first of all, what you need to do of course is go ahead and go to GitHub. So course is go ahead and go to GitHub. So course is go ahead and go to GitHub. So this is my GitHub. You've already made this is my GitHub. You've already made this is my GitHub. You've already made your access token to give it to Claude your access token to give it to Claude your access token to give it to Claude Code. But now what we need to do is Code. But now what we need to do is Code. But now what we need to do is create a repo. So I'm going to go up create a repo. So I'm going to go up create a repo. So I'm going to go up here, create new. I'm going to click on here, create new. I'm going to click on here, create new. I'm going to click on new repository. I'm just going to call new repository. I'm just going to call new repository. I'm just going to call this fit coach- aai since that is our this fit coach- aai since that is our this fit coach- aai since that is our name of our app. And then I'm just going name of our app. And then I'm just going name of our app. And then I'm just going to do dash app. Um, I'm not going to do to do dash app. Um, I'm not going to do to do dash app. Um, I'm not going to do description. We'll just leave it public. description. We'll just leave it public. description. We'll just leave it public. I'm not going to add a readme or get I'm not going to add a readme or get I'm not going to add a readme or get ignore any of that kind of stuff. I ignore any of that kind of stuff. I ignore any of that kind of stuff. I literally just added a name and I'm literally just added a name and I'm literally just added a name and I'm going to create that repository. Now, going to create that repository. Now, going to create that repository. Now, what I'm going to do is I'm just going what I'm going to do is I'm just going what I'm going to do is I'm just going to take the actual URL up at the top in to take the actual URL up at the top in to take the actual URL up at the top in my browser and copy that. Go back into my browser and copy that. Go back into my browser and copy that. Go back into Cloud Code. We're going to go ahead and, Cloud Code. We're going to go ahead and, Cloud Code. We're going to go ahead and, you know, let's just keep going in the you know, let's just keep going in the you know, let's just keep going in the same context window. I'm going to say same context window. I'm going to say same context window. I'm going to say here is the GitHub repo for this app. here is the GitHub repo for this app. here is the GitHub repo for this app. Paste in the URL and say please push Paste in the URL and say please push Paste in the URL and say please push this to GitHub so we can sync it with this to GitHub so we can sync it with this to GitHub so we can sync it with Forcell and get it live, get it Forcell and get it live, get it Forcell and get it live, get it deployed. So I'm going to shoot that deployed. So I'm going to shoot that deployed. So I'm going to shoot that off. I'm also leaving it once again on off. I'm also leaving it once again on off. I'm also leaving it once again on bypass permissions because this is a bypass permissions because this is a bypass permissions because this is a pretty simple request. And now it's pretty simple request. And now it's pretty simple request. And now it's going to go ahead and do that for us. going to go ahead and do that for us. going to go ahead and do that for us. And now in the GitHub repo, you can see And now in the GitHub repo, you can see And now in the GitHub repo, you can see there's nothing here. But what's going there's nothing here. But what's going there's nothing here. But what's going to happen is it will get um all of our to happen is it will get um all of our to happen is it will get um all of our files will be pushed to this files will be pushed to this files will be pushed to this environment. And once again, as you're environment. And once again, as you're environment. And once again, as you're working with GitHub and Verscell, you working with GitHub and Verscell, you working with GitHub and Verscell, you can ask Cloud Code any of the questions can ask Cloud Code any of the questions can ask Cloud Code any of the questions you may have about how they work you may have about how they work you may have about how they work together or why it's important, and it together or why it's important, and it together or why it's important, and it will get back to you. All right, cool. will get back to you. All right, cool. will get back to you. All right, cool. So, the code has been pushed to GitHub. So, the code has been pushed to GitHub. So, the code has been pushed to GitHub. Now, it says next steps would be to go Now, it says next steps would be to go Now, it says next steps would be to go to Verscell and import that repository. to Verscell and import that repository. to Verscell and import that repository. And then it also says to add the And then it also says to add the And then it also says to add the environment variable, which would be our environment variable, which would be our environment variable, which would be our actual web hook. But we'll we'll take a actual web hook. But we'll we'll take a actual web hook. But we'll we'll take a look at that when we get there. So, look at that when we get there. So, look at that when we get there. So, let's go to GitHub real quick. And if I let's go to GitHub real quick. And if I let's go to GitHub real quick. And if I refresh this repo, we can now see that refresh this repo, we can now see that refresh this repo, we can now see that we have these files in here. And we have these files in here. And we have these files in here. And basically these are the files that hold basically these are the files that hold basically these are the files that hold the code of our fit coach app. Now what the code of our fit coach app. Now what the code of our fit coach app. Now what I'm going to do is I'm going to go to I'm going to do is I'm going to go to I'm going to do is I'm going to go to versel which is right here. This is the versel which is right here. This is the versel which is right here. This is the UC one that I was looking at earlier. UC one that I was looking at earlier. UC one that I was looking at earlier. And what's going to happen is you can And what's going to happen is you can And what's going to happen is you can see that this is pulling from my GitHub see that this is pulling from my GitHub see that this is pulling from my GitHub repo for this code. So what I'm going to repo for this code. So what I'm going to repo for this code. So what I'm going to do here is click on add new. We're going do here is click on add new. We're going do here is click on add new. We're going to add a new project. And I should be to add a new project. And I should be to add a new project. And I should be able to see import git repository. And able to see import git repository. And able to see import git repository. And right here we have our fit coach AI app. right here we have our fit coach AI app. right here we have our fit coach AI app. So I'm just going to go ahead and click So I'm just going to go ahead and click So I'm just going to go ahead and click import on that repo. And now I could import on that repo. And now I could import on that repo. And now I could change the name or the team or the change the name or the team or the change the name or the team or the preset or whatever I want to do, but I'm preset or whatever I want to do, but I'm preset or whatever I want to do, but I'm just going to go ahead and click deploy. just going to go ahead and click deploy. just going to go ahead and click deploy. All right, cool. So, we just deployed All right, cool. So, we just deployed All right, cool. So, we just deployed this project. I'm going to go back out this project. I'm going to go back out this project. I'm going to go back out to my dashboard and I'm just going to to my dashboard and I'm just going to to my dashboard and I'm just going to show you guys how you can get there. So, show you guys how you can get there. So, show you guys how you can get there. So, if I go back home, you can see the if I go back home, you can see the if I go back home, you can see the different projects that you have in your different projects that you have in your different projects that you have in your Verscell. So, if I just give this a Verscell. So, if I just give this a Verscell. So, if I just give this a refresh, we can see we have the Fit refresh, we can see we have the Fit refresh, we can see we have the Fit Coach app. So, I click into that. What Coach app. So, I click into that. What Coach app. So, I click into that. What you can look at here is deployments. So, you can look at here is deployments. So, you can look at here is deployments. So, every time you have a new version, you every time you have a new version, you every time you have a new version, you can see when it was actually uploaded. can see when it was actually uploaded. can see when it was actually uploaded. We can look at our logs. We can look at We can look at our logs. We can look at We can look at our logs. We can look at gateways, storage, we can look at all gateways, storage, we can look at all gateways, storage, we can look at all this kind of stuff. But right now, what this kind of stuff. But right now, what this kind of stuff. But right now, what I wanted to do was actually just click I wanted to do was actually just click I wanted to do was actually just click on the project itself. So we can go to on the project itself. So we can go to on the project itself. So we can go to that domain, which is fit that domain, which is fit that domain, which is fit coach-ai-app.verell.app. So if I open that up, this is what we So if I open that up, this is what we So if I open that up, this is what we see. And we're no longer on localhost. see. And we're no longer on localhost. see. And we're no longer on localhost. Now we are on this domain, which means Now we are on this domain, which means Now we are on this domain, which means that if I gave you guys this URL, you that if I gave you guys this URL, you that if I gave you guys this URL, you could access this and you could talk to could access this and you could talk to could access this and you could talk to like my instance and all that kind of like my instance and all that kind of like my instance and all that kind of stuff. So what I'm going to do is we're stuff. So what I'm going to do is we're stuff. So what I'm going to do is we're just going to say, how do I stay just going to say, how do I stay just going to say, how do I stay motivated? And what we get is a server motivated? And what we get is a server motivated? And what we get is a server configuration error. And so we need to configuration error. And so we need to configuration error. And so we need to figure out what happened here. So the figure out what happened here. So the figure out what happened here. So the first thing that I want to look at is first thing that I want to look at is first thing that I want to look at is I'm going to go to my actual end I'm going to go to my actual end I'm going to go to my actual end workflow and I'm going to go to workflow and I'm going to go to workflow and I'm going to go to executions. Now what happens here is we executions. Now what happens here is we executions. Now what happens here is we don't see that execution that we just don't see that execution that we just don't see that execution that we just did. So what that tells me in my brain did. So what that tells me in my brain did. So what that tells me in my brain is that we have our front end deployed is that we have our front end deployed is that we have our front end deployed on the web. We have ended end deployed on the web. We have ended end deployed on the web. We have ended end deployed on the web but for some reason they're on the web but for some reason they're on the web but for some reason they're not talking to each other. So when I hit not talking to each other. So when I hit not talking to each other. So when I hit this button which says you know like this button which says you know like this button which says you know like when I send the message when I hit that when I send the message when I hit that when I send the message when I hit that button normally what that does is it button normally what that does is it button normally what that does is it sends this string of text to the end and sends this string of text to the end and sends this string of text to the end and web hook but for some reason that's not web hook but for some reason that's not web hook but for some reason that's not configured. So if you remember we went configured. So if you remember we went configured. So if you remember we went back into cloud code and it says to add back into cloud code and it says to add back into cloud code and it says to add the environment variable which is the the environment variable which is the the environment variable which is the our edited web hook and then we have the our edited web hook and then we have the our edited web hook and then we have the actual web hook to hit. So this is one actual web hook to hit. So this is one actual web hook to hit. So this is one of those examples like I was talking of those examples like I was talking of those examples like I was talking about earlier where we have an about earlier where we have an about earlier where we have an environment variable that only gets environment variable that only gets environment variable that only gets called when we need it. And so the called when we need it. And so the called when we need it. And so the reason why Cloud Code built it like this reason why Cloud Code built it like this reason why Cloud Code built it like this is because they didn't want anyone to be is because they didn't want anyone to be is because they didn't want anyone to be able to look at the GitHub repo and find able to look at the GitHub repo and find able to look at the GitHub repo and find our URL for our NN web hook. Now, in our URL for our NN web hook. Now, in our URL for our NN web hook. Now, in this case, I don't really care because this case, I don't really care because this case, I don't really care because if I have a web hook, I could set up my if I have a web hook, I could set up my if I have a web hook, I could set up my own authentication so that only people own authentication so that only people own authentication so that only people that make an account can actually talk that make an account can actually talk that make an account can actually talk to it. But it's important to think about to it. But it's important to think about to it. But it's important to think about because if I gave you guys this URL and because if I gave you guys this URL and because if I gave you guys this URL and I didn't have any, you know, web hook I didn't have any, you know, web hook I didn't have any, you know, web hook security, someone could spam it security, someone could spam it security, someone could spam it thousands of times and it would cost me thousands of times and it would cost me thousands of times and it would cost me money because it's on my NN with my money because it's on my NN with my money because it's on my NN with my OpenAI credentials or my open router OpenAI credentials or my open router OpenAI credentials or my open router credentials. So in this case, what you credentials. So in this case, what you credentials. So in this case, what you would do is you'd add the environment would do is you'd add the environment would do is you'd add the environment variable. So you would come into where'd variable. So you would come into where'd variable. So you would come into where'd my Verscell go? So we'd actually be able my Verscell go? So we'd actually be able my Verscell go? So we'd actually be able to add that by going in here. We'd go to to add that by going in here. We'd go to to add that by going in here. We'd go to our settings. We could scroll down here our settings. We could scroll down here our settings. We could scroll down here to environment variables and we would to environment variables and we would to environment variables and we would basically just add one and we would have basically just add one and we would have basically just add one and we would have the key be nadn web hook URL and then we the key be nadn web hook URL and then we the key be nadn web hook URL and then we put in the actual URL and that way put in the actual URL and that way put in the actual URL and that way versell would understand to call on it versell would understand to call on it versell would understand to call on it when we hit that button. But in this when we hit that button. But in this when we hit that button. But in this tutorial I just want to keep things tutorial I just want to keep things tutorial I just want to keep things pretty simple. So what I'm going to do pretty simple. So what I'm going to do pretty simple. So what I'm going to do is just go back to cloud code and just is just go back to cloud code and just is just go back to cloud code and just tell it don't do the environment tell it don't do the environment tell it don't do the environment variable just hardcode my web hook in variable just hardcode my web hook in variable just hardcode my web hook in the code because I also wanted to just the code because I also wanted to just the code because I also wanted to just show you guys how we can push that show you guys how we can push that show you guys how we can push that change instantly to forcell I don't want change instantly to forcell I don't want change instantly to forcell I don't want to use my web hook as an environment to use my web hook as an environment to use my web hook as an environment variable please just change the code so variable please just change the code so variable please just change the code so the web hook URL is hardcoded in there the web hook URL is hardcoded in there the web hook URL is hardcoded in there it's going to make it much more simple it's going to make it much more simple it's going to make it much more simple okay so now the web hook URL has been okay so now the web hook URL has been okay so now the web hook URL has been hardcoded into the code and we have to hardcoded into the code and we have to hardcoded into the code and we have to redeploy that so I'm going to import the redeploy that so I'm going to import the redeploy that so I'm going to import the changes to GitHub you You can see in my changes to GitHub you You can see in my changes to GitHub you You can see in my forcell it's rebuilding this real quick. forcell it's rebuilding this real quick. forcell it's rebuilding this real quick. And in GitHub if I refresh you can see And in GitHub if I refresh you can see And in GitHub if I refresh you can see that now there are two commits. So every that now there are two commits. So every that now there are two commits. So every time that you change the code and you time that you change the code and you time that you change the code and you push it to GitHub it will have another push it to GitHub it will have another push it to GitHub it will have another version here. So that way you can see version here. So that way you can see version here. So that way you can see what happened each time. And now you can what happened each time. And now you can what happened each time. And now you can see that this has been redeployed onto see that this has been redeployed onto see that this has been redeployed onto our um app in Verscell. So I'm going to our um app in Verscell. So I'm going to our um app in Verscell. So I'm going to go to the new landing page and we're go to the new landing page and we're go to the new landing page and we're just going to try to ask another just going to try to ask another just going to try to ask another question. So um design a beginner question. So um design a beginner question. So um design a beginner strength routine. And this time it's strength routine. And this time it's strength routine. And this time it's actually working. It looks like it's actually working. It looks like it's actually working. It looks like it's writing back some sort of response writing back some sort of response writing back some sort of response because it did hit our end web hook. because it did hit our end web hook. because it did hit our end web hook. That's at least the hypothesis here. That's at least the hypothesis here. That's at least the hypothesis here. Cool. So now it responded with much more Cool. So now it responded with much more Cool. So now it responded with much more natural language, which is cool. You natural language, which is cool. You natural language, which is cool. You know what I think actually happened last know what I think actually happened last know what I think actually happened last time is maybe we just didn't like time is maybe we just didn't like time is maybe we just didn't like publish the most recent version. But publish the most recent version. But publish the most recent version. But anyways, in the fitness coach end anyways, in the fitness coach end anyways, in the fitness coach end workflow, I'm going to refresh this. workflow, I'm going to refresh this. workflow, I'm going to refresh this. We're going to see if we got that We're going to see if we got that We're going to see if we got that execution, which is right here. And we execution, which is right here. And we execution, which is right here. And we know it worked in this case because the know it worked in this case because the know it worked in this case because the actual post request that got sent over actual post request that got sent over actual post request that got sent over was design a beginner strength routine, was design a beginner strength routine, was design a beginner strength routine, which is exactly what we just said in which is exactly what we just said in which is exactly what we just said in our app right here. And I would also our app right here. And I would also our app right here. And I would also feel a little bit bad if one of you guys feel a little bit bad if one of you guys feel a little bit bad if one of you guys followed this tutorial and then woke up followed this tutorial and then woke up followed this tutorial and then woke up with like thousands of, you know, with like thousands of, you know, with like thousands of, you know, credits spent on your account. So credits spent on your account. So credits spent on your account. So another thing you can do is they have another thing you can do is they have another thing you can do is they have like a security review function in Cloud like a security review function in Cloud like a security review function in Cloud Code. And obviously claude code with Code. And obviously claude code with Code. And obviously claude code with Opus 4.5 is going to be really really Opus 4.5 is going to be really really Opus 4.5 is going to be really really good at like reading your code and good at like reading your code and good at like reading your code and understanding if there's vulnerabilities understanding if there's vulnerabilities understanding if there's vulnerabilities which is something that you should you which is something that you should you which is something that you should you know regularly just say hey by the way know regularly just say hey by the way know regularly just say hey by the way like what should I be aware of and what like what should I be aware of and what like what should I be aware of and what like risks do I have? So I basically like risks do I have? So I basically like risks do I have? So I basically said here do a full security review of said here do a full security review of said here do a full security review of anything that I've pushed to GitHub to anything that I've pushed to GitHub to anything that I've pushed to GitHub to make sure that I don't have any make sure that I don't have any make sure that I don't have any credentials exposed online because my credentials exposed online because my credentials exposed online because my GitHub repo is public and my workflow is GitHub repo is public and my workflow is GitHub repo is public and my workflow is you know out there too. So, it searched you know out there too. So, it searched you know out there too. So, it searched through everything and it said, "Okay, through everything and it said, "Okay, through everything and it said, "Okay, cool." So, your hard-coded ended web cool." So, your hard-coded ended web cool." So, your hard-coded ended web hook is out there, which I told it to do hook is out there, which I told it to do hook is out there, which I told it to do that. It's fine. I understand that. that. It's fine. I understand that. that. It's fine. I understand that. And that basically just means that And that basically just means that And that basically just means that people could see this and then hit the people could see this and then hit the people could see this and then hit the web hook directly. So, that is a web hook directly. So, that is a web hook directly. So, that is a problem. But if you set up your own problem. But if you set up your own problem. But if you set up your own authentication on the back end or authentication on the back end or authentication on the back end or obviously this is just a demo, so I'm obviously this is just a demo, so I'm obviously this is just a demo, so I'm not too worried. not too worried. not too worried. And the recommendation would be to move And the recommendation would be to move And the recommendation would be to move this to an environment variable. And this to an environment variable. And this to an environment variable. And then it also talked about my then it also talked about my then it also talked about my credentials, which is something I credentials, which is something I credentials, which is something I brought up to you guys earlier, which is brought up to you guys earlier, which is brought up to you guys earlier, which is the fact that those are all stored in the fact that those are all stored in the fact that those are all stored in this MCP file. So in this JSON file, I this MCP file. So in this JSON file, I this MCP file. So in this JSON file, I have my credentials for GitHub and Nitn. have my credentials for GitHub and Nitn. have my credentials for GitHub and Nitn. So if someone got this file, that could So if someone got this file, that could So if someone got this file, that could be a big problem, too. But this file is be a big problem, too. But this file is be a big problem, too. But this file is stored locally. So I basically said to stored locally. So I basically said to stored locally. So I basically said to it, hey, why do I have to rotate my it, hey, why do I have to rotate my it, hey, why do I have to rotate my credentials? Aren't they safe for my credentials? Aren't they safe for my credentials? Aren't they safe for my local environment? And it basically local environment? And it basically local environment? And it basically said, yeah, you're right. Your said, yeah, you're right. Your said, yeah, you're right. Your credentials are safe. I was being overly credentials are safe. I was being overly credentials are safe. I was being overly cautious because this file is not in the cautious because this file is not in the cautious because this file is not in the GitHub repo. It's not online. it only GitHub repo. It's not online. it only GitHub repo. It's not online. it only exists locally on your machine. And I exists locally on your machine. And I exists locally on your machine. And I know that this project itself right know that this project itself right know that this project itself right here, like this app, isn't anything too here, like this app, isn't anything too here, like this app, isn't anything too complex or like super impressive. But complex or like super impressive. But complex or like super impressive. But the idea is now that you understand like the idea is now that you understand like the idea is now that you understand like this whole framework and how everything this whole framework and how everything this whole framework and how everything works together, you can continuously works together, you can continuously works together, you can continuously iterate upon this and you can maybe even iterate upon this and you can maybe even iterate upon this and you can maybe even add more end workflows on the back end add more end workflows on the back end add more end workflows on the back end using the help of cloud code, fixing using the help of cloud code, fixing using the help of cloud code, fixing things on the front end, adding things on the front end, adding things on the front end, adding different functionality, pushing it back different functionality, pushing it back different functionality, pushing it back to GitHub, and then it continuously gets to GitHub, and then it continuously gets to GitHub, and then it continuously gets better. Cuz I mean, think about it with better. Cuz I mean, think about it with better. Cuz I mean, think about it with something like this, it's really your something like this, it's really your something like this, it's really your imagination because you can control what imagination because you can control what imagination because you can control what you want on here. Maybe you want you want on here. Maybe you want you want on here. Maybe you want somewhere where they can upload progress somewhere where they can upload progress somewhere where they can upload progress pictures or a food logger or a workout pictures or a food logger or a workout pictures or a food logger or a workout logger, things like that. And then by logger, things like that. And then by logger, things like that. And then by default when you deploy something on default when you deploy something on default when you deploy something on Verscell, it'll have the domain that Verscell, it'll have the domain that Verscell, it'll have the domain that ends inversel.app. ends inversel.app. ends inversel.app. And so you will want to buy a domain And so you will want to buy a domain And so you will want to buy a domain somewhere else or just buy one right somewhere else or just buy one right somewhere else or just buy one right here in Verscell and connect it. And here in Verscell and connect it. And here in Verscell and connect it. And it's pretty simple. You would pretty it's pretty simple. You would pretty it's pretty simple. You would pretty much just click on this plus right here much just click on this plus right here much just click on this plus right here and you could either buy a domain or add and you could either buy a domain or add and you could either buy a domain or add a domain. You'll have to do something a domain. You'll have to do something a domain. You'll have to do something with the DNS records if you're with the DNS records if you're with the DNS records if you're transferring in a domain from like transferring in a domain from like transferring in a domain from like NameCheep or Squarespace or wherever you NameCheep or Squarespace or wherever you NameCheep or Squarespace or wherever you bought the domain. But it's super bought the domain. But it's super bought the domain. But it's super simple. You just have to go in there and simple. You just have to go in there and simple. You just have to go in there and change like an A record and it may seem change like an A record and it may seem change like an A record and it may seem a little confusing, but just have chatbt a little confusing, but just have chatbt a little confusing, but just have chatbt or Gemini or Claude walk you through it. or Gemini or Claude walk you through it. or Gemini or Claude walk you through it. It's really easy. Or Claude Code. Just It's really easy. Or Claude Code. Just It's really easy. Or Claude Code. Just have Claude code tell you how to do it. have Claude code tell you how to do it. have Claude code tell you how to do it. And then the last thing I had to talk And then the last thing I had to talk And then the last thing I had to talk about cuz I know there's going to be about cuz I know there's going to be about cuz I know there's going to be tons of comments about this is the tons of comments about this is the tons of comments about this is the Claude plan. So yes, you could 100% Claude plan. So yes, you could 100% Claude plan. So yes, you could 100% start on Pro because you do get access start on Pro because you do get access start on Pro because you do get access to Claude code if you're on the pro to Claude code if you're on the pro to Claude code if you're on the pro plan. But I will say you probably will plan. But I will say you probably will plan. But I will say you probably will reach your limit pretty quickly. But I reach your limit pretty quickly. But I reach your limit pretty quickly. But I really wouldn't stress this. It's just really wouldn't stress this. It's just really wouldn't stress this. It's just one of those things where Start on Pro. one of those things where Start on Pro. one of those things where Start on Pro. If you hit your limit, okay, go upgrade If you hit your limit, okay, go upgrade If you hit your limit, okay, go upgrade to the $100 a month plan. If you hit to the $100 a month plan. If you hit to the $100 a month plan. If you hit your limit on the $100 a month plan, your limit on the $100 a month plan, your limit on the $100 a month plan, upgrade to the $200 a month plan. And I upgrade to the $200 a month plan. And I upgrade to the $200 a month plan. And I know $200 a month sounds expensive, but know $200 a month sounds expensive, but know $200 a month sounds expensive, but if you think about how much you can do, if you think about how much you can do, if you think about how much you can do, and if you think about how much would it and if you think about how much would it and if you think about how much would it cost for me to pay like a top tier cost for me to pay like a top tier cost for me to pay like a top tier developer to do this kind of stuff, it developer to do this kind of stuff, it developer to do this kind of stuff, it is significantly more than 200 bucks. So is significantly more than 200 bucks. So is significantly more than 200 bucks. So that 200 is going to be a huge bang for that 200 is going to be a huge bang for that 200 is going to be a huge bang for your buck. Once again, if you're on 200 your buck. Once again, if you're on 200 your buck. Once again, if you're on 200 a month and then you realize you're not a month and then you realize you're not a month and then you realize you're not using it all the way and it's not worth using it all the way and it's not worth using it all the way and it's not worth it, then just downgrade. It's not going it, then just downgrade. It's not going it, then just downgrade. It's not going to be permanent. Okay, so we just to be permanent. Okay, so we just to be permanent. Okay, so we just covered a ton of information. So let's covered a ton of information. So let's covered a ton of information. So let's just recap what we just did. First of just recap what we just did. First of just recap what we just did. First of all, what we did is we connected cloud all, what we did is we connected cloud all, what we did is we connected cloud code to the end MCP server to look code to the end MCP server to look code to the end MCP server to look through how NIDin works and to be able through how NIDin works and to be able through how NIDin works and to be able to go into our instance, get workflows, to go into our instance, get workflows, to go into our instance, get workflows, create them, edit them, publish them, create them, edit them, publish them, create them, edit them, publish them, all that kind of stuff. And then we gave all that kind of stuff. And then we gave all that kind of stuff. And then we gave it access to the end skills so it it access to the end skills so it it access to the end skills so it actually knows how to use that server actually knows how to use that server actually knows how to use that server and how to build endto-end workflows. and how to build endto-end workflows. and how to build endto-end workflows. After that, we were able to have Cloud After that, we were able to have Cloud After that, we were able to have Cloud Code optimize the workflows to be ready Code optimize the workflows to be ready Code optimize the workflows to be ready for a front-end deployment. So, we also for a front-end deployment. So, we also for a front-end deployment. So, we also gave it access to a front-end designer gave it access to a front-end designer gave it access to a front-end designer skill. We gave it access to the GitHub skill. We gave it access to the GitHub skill. We gave it access to the GitHub MCP so that as we're building this web MCP so that as we're building this web MCP so that as we're building this web app and we're hosting it and testing it app and we're hosting it and testing it app and we're hosting it and testing it locally once we have that code ready to locally once we have that code ready to locally once we have that code ready to go, then we push it to GitHub which go, then we push it to GitHub which go, then we push it to GitHub which automatically syncs with Verscell and automatically syncs with Verscell and automatically syncs with Verscell and then deploys it on the web. So, now then deploys it on the web. So, now then deploys it on the web. So, now other people can actually access your other people can actually access your other people can actually access your app. It's not just on your own local app. It's not just on your own local app. It's not just on your own local environment. And then of course because environment. And then of course because environment. And then of course because of this whole framework, as soon as you of this whole framework, as soon as you of this whole framework, as soon as you update the code and push it to GitHub, update the code and push it to GitHub, update the code and push it to GitHub, it automatically will update on the web. it automatically will update on the web. it automatically will update on the web. And now that you're already in this And now that you're already in this And now that you're already in this project called an event app or whatever project called an event app or whatever project called an event app or whatever you called yours, if you wanted to, you you called yours, if you wanted to, you you called yours, if you wanted to, you could just do another workflow in this could just do another workflow in this could just do another workflow in this project because you already have the project because you already have the project because you already have the cloud MD file. You already have your MCP cloud MD file. You already have your MCP cloud MD file. You already have your MCP server set up. You already have your server set up. You already have your server set up. You already have your skills set up globally. You have this skills set up globally. You have this skills set up globally. You have this folder right here, which is all the folder right here, which is all the folder right here, which is all the stuff you need for this app. But if we stuff you need for this app. But if we stuff you need for this app. But if we wanted to, we could obviously just come wanted to, we could obviously just come wanted to, we could obviously just come into here. We could clear out this into here. We could clear out this into here. We could clear out this conversation history and we could say, conversation history and we could say, conversation history and we could say, "Okay, cool. Now I want to build a front "Okay, cool. Now I want to build a front "Okay, cool. Now I want to build a front end for this other app and just go end for this other app and just go end for this other app and just go through that whole process again. And through that whole process again. And through that whole process again. And because all of this is stuff that it can because all of this is stuff that it can because all of this is stuff that it can look through, it could maybe even take look through, it could maybe even take look through, it could maybe even take inspiration from other apps that you've inspiration from other apps that you've inspiration from other apps that you've done in the past. Today I'm going to be showing you guys Today I'm going to be showing you guys Today I'm going to be showing you guys five simple hacks that you can use to five simple hacks that you can use to five simple hacks that you can use to make sure that Claude Code is building make sure that Claude Code is building make sure that Claude Code is building you websites that don't look like they you websites that don't look like they you websites that don't look like they were AI vibe coded, but they actually were AI vibe coded, but they actually were AI vibe coded, but they actually feel professional and branded. And we're feel professional and branded. And we're feel professional and branded. And we're going to be going through this in a way going to be going through this in a way going to be going through this in a way where even if you've never used Claude where even if you've never used Claude where even if you've never used Claude Code before, that's completely fine. Code before, that's completely fine. Code before, that's completely fine. you're going to be able to by the end of you're going to be able to by the end of you're going to be able to by the end of this video spin up some really awesome this video spin up some really awesome this video spin up some really awesome looking landing pages and websites. All looking landing pages and websites. All looking landing pages and websites. All right, so I don't want to waste any time right, so I don't want to waste any time right, so I don't want to waste any time at all. The first thing that you need to at all. The first thing that you need to at all. The first thing that you need to do is you need to go download Visual do is you need to go download Visual do is you need to go download Visual Studio Code. So go to a browser and type Studio Code. So go to a browser and type Studio Code. So go to a browser and type in VS Code and download this for your in VS Code and download this for your in VS Code and download this for your operating system. This is essentially operating system. This is essentially operating system. This is essentially just the IDE that we're going to be just the IDE that we're going to be just the IDE that we're going to be using Cloud Code within. So once you've using Cloud Code within. So once you've using Cloud Code within. So once you've done that and you've opened it up, this done that and you've opened it up, this done that and you've opened it up, this is what it will look like. You're going is what it will look like. You're going is what it will look like. You're going to go to the lefth hand side right here to go to the lefth hand side right here to go to the lefth hand side right here and click on extensions and you're going and click on extensions and you're going and click on extensions and you're going to type in cloud code and install it to type in cloud code and install it to type in cloud code and install it like what you see right here. Now, once like what you see right here. Now, once like what you see right here. Now, once you do that, it's going to prompt you to you do that, it's going to prompt you to you do that, it's going to prompt you to sign in with your Enthropic subscription sign in with your Enthropic subscription sign in with your Enthropic subscription or your cloud subscription, which you do or your cloud subscription, which you do or your cloud subscription, which you do need a paid account. As you can see need a paid account. As you can see need a paid account. As you can see here, if you're on free, you don't have here, if you're on free, you don't have here, if you're on free, you don't have access to Cloud Code. But here on Pro, access to Cloud Code. But here on Pro, access to Cloud Code. But here on Pro, you actually can use Cloud Code. Whether you actually can use Cloud Code. Whether you actually can use Cloud Code. Whether you're on pro or max, you can use it. you're on pro or max, you can use it. you're on pro or max, you can use it. I'd probably just start with Pro. If you I'd probably just start with Pro. If you I'd probably just start with Pro. If you hit limits, which you probably will if hit limits, which you probably will if hit limits, which you probably will if you want to, you know, build websites you want to, you know, build websites you want to, you know, build websites all day, then you should probably all day, then you should probably all day, then you should probably upgrade to max. So, once you've got that upgrade to max. So, once you've got that upgrade to max. So, once you've got that installed, you will see this little installed, you will see this little installed, you will see this little button up here, which is Cloud Code. And button up here, which is Cloud Code. And button up here, which is Cloud Code. And when you click on that, this is where it when you click on that, this is where it when you click on that, this is where it opens up the ability to actually use opens up the ability to actually use opens up the ability to actually use cloud code, talk to this little crab cloud code, talk to this little crab cloud code, talk to this little crab agent. And this is very similar to sort agent. And this is very similar to sort agent. And this is very similar to sort of like a chatbt or using cloud in the of like a chatbt or using cloud in the of like a chatbt or using cloud in the web. Now, the way that this works when web. Now, the way that this works when web. Now, the way that this works when you're using cloud code in Visual Studio you're using cloud code in Visual Studio you're using cloud code in Visual Studio Code or really wherever you use it is Code or really wherever you use it is Code or really wherever you use it is you have files on the lefth hand side you have files on the lefth hand side you have files on the lefth hand side and then you have your agent on the and then you have your agent on the and then you have your agent on the right hand side. So, first thing we need right hand side. So, first thing we need right hand side. So, first thing we need to do is open up a project so that we to do is open up a project so that we to do is open up a project so that we can start working with some files. So, can start working with some files. So, can start working with some files. So, I'm going to go up here to the top left I'm going to go up here to the top left I'm going to go up here to the top left and I'm going to click on explorer. What and I'm going to click on explorer. What and I'm going to click on explorer. What you can see is that it says you have not you can see is that it says you have not you can see is that it says you have not yet opened a folder. So, I'm going to go yet opened a folder. So, I'm going to go yet opened a folder. So, I'm going to go ahead and open up a fresh folder that ahead and open up a fresh folder that ahead and open up a fresh folder that has nothing in it. So, here we are in my has nothing in it. So, here we are in my has nothing in it. So, here we are in my website building YouTube folder, which website building YouTube folder, which website building YouTube folder, which like I said, it's a blank project. If like I said, it's a blank project. If like I said, it's a blank project. If you don't have a folder, just go ahead you don't have a folder, just go ahead you don't have a folder, just go ahead and create one. Whether that's in your and create one. Whether that's in your and create one. Whether that's in your desktop or your documents, just create desktop or your documents, just create desktop or your documents, just create one to start and then open that up. And one to start and then open that up. And one to start and then open that up. And that is where we will be working on this that is where we will be working on this that is where we will be working on this project. So, let's get started going project. So, let's get started going project. So, let's get started going through these five hacks. The first one through these five hacks. The first one through these five hacks. The first one is actually number zero. And the reason is actually number zero. And the reason is actually number zero. And the reason that I did this is because the first one that I did this is because the first one that I did this is because the first one is a claw.md file. And I put this as is a claw.md file. And I put this as is a claw.md file. And I put this as number zero because it's kind of a number zero because it's kind of a number zero because it's kind of a prerequisite, but also a lot of times prerequisite, but also a lot of times prerequisite, but also a lot of times near the end, even after 1 2 3 and four, near the end, even after 1 2 3 and four, near the end, even after 1 2 3 and four, you might have to rego back and update you might have to rego back and update you might have to rego back and update your cloud.MD file or just have Claude your cloud.MD file or just have Claude your cloud.MD file or just have Claude do it itself. So what is a claw.md file? do it itself. So what is a claw.md file? do it itself. So what is a claw.md file? Just think of it as a system prompt. Just think of it as a system prompt. Just think of it as a system prompt. Think of it as every time before you ask Think of it as every time before you ask Think of it as every time before you ask claude code to do something, it will claude code to do something, it will claude code to do something, it will read the claw.md file first. It will read the claw.md file first. It will read the claw.md file first. It will always process that. So what you want to always process that. So what you want to always process that. So what you want to do is make sure that that is pretty do is make sure that that is pretty do is make sure that that is pretty concise. You don't want to bloat it too concise. You don't want to bloat it too concise. You don't want to bloat it too much with context, but you want to give much with context, but you want to give much with context, but you want to give it the rules that it needs. So, every it the rules that it needs. So, every it the rules that it needs. So, every time you are doing something in this time you are doing something in this time you are doing something in this project, this website building project, project, this website building project, project, this website building project, do this, this, and this. And always do this, this, and this. And always do this, this, and this. And always remember that's kind of the end goal. remember that's kind of the end goal. remember that's kind of the end goal. And so, if you don't exactly know your And so, if you don't exactly know your And so, if you don't exactly know your full process yet or the end goal, then full process yet or the end goal, then full process yet or the end goal, then you might start without a claw. MD file. you might start without a claw. MD file. you might start without a claw. MD file. But luckily for you guys, if you go over But luckily for you guys, if you go over But luckily for you guys, if you go over to my free school community, the link to my free school community, the link to my free school community, the link for that's down in the description, you for that's down in the description, you for that's down in the description, you go to the classroom, you go to cloud go to the classroom, you go to cloud go to the classroom, you go to cloud code, and right here you will see the code, and right here you will see the code, and right here you will see the web designcloud.mmd file, which is the web designcloud.mmd file, which is the web designcloud.mmd file, which is the one we're going to be using today. You one we're going to be using today. You one we're going to be using today. You can go ahead and just download that for can go ahead and just download that for can go ahead and just download that for free right here. Now, once you've done free right here. Now, once you've done free right here. Now, once you've done that, you can actually just drag it that, you can actually just drag it that, you can actually just drag it right over here to the lefth hand side. right over here to the lefth hand side. right over here to the lefth hand side. Like I told you guys, the lefth hand Like I told you guys, the lefth hand Like I told you guys, the lefth hand side is where we can see our files and side is where we can see our files and side is where we can see our files and our folders. And what that does is it our folders. And what that does is it our folders. And what that does is it opens up the claw.md file, which if I opens up the claw.md file, which if I opens up the claw.md file, which if I drag over here, we can see it kind of drag over here, we can see it kind of drag over here, we can see it kind of full screen. Now, the MD stands for full screen. Now, the MD stands for full screen. Now, the MD stands for markdown, which is basically just this markdown, which is basically just this markdown, which is basically just this right here. We've got the pound signs, right here. We've got the pound signs, right here. We've got the pound signs, we've got um asterisks, and it just we've got um asterisks, and it just we've got um asterisks, and it just helps keep the text organized so that helps keep the text organized so that helps keep the text organized so that the agent can read, you know, what's a the agent can read, you know, what's a the agent can read, you know, what's a header, what's a subheader, what's bold, header, what's a subheader, what's bold, header, what's a subheader, what's bold, what are bullet points, things like what are bullet points, things like what are bullet points, things like that. So, you could obviously read that. So, you could obviously read that. So, you could obviously read through this entire claw.md file if you through this entire claw.md file if you through this entire claw.md file if you want to to kind of understand what we're want to to kind of understand what we're want to to kind of understand what we're telling it to do in this project. I'm telling it to do in this project. I'm telling it to do in this project. I'm not going to read everything because you not going to read everything because you not going to read everything because you guys can just, you know, look at it here guys can just, you know, look at it here guys can just, you know, look at it here or download it. And as we go through or download it. And as we go through or download it. And as we go through these other hacks, you will see why I these other hacks, you will see why I these other hacks, you will see why I put some of this stuff in here. But that put some of this stuff in here. But that put some of this stuff in here. But that actually brings me over to our first actually brings me over to our first actually brings me over to our first technically our first hack, which is the technically our first hack, which is the technically our first hack, which is the front-end design skill, which is why you front-end design skill, which is why you front-end design skill, which is why you can see right here in our cloud. MD, the can see right here in our cloud. MD, the can see right here in our cloud. MD, the first thing I wrote is always invoke the first thing I wrote is always invoke the first thing I wrote is always invoke the front-end design skill before writing front-end design skill before writing front-end design skill before writing any front-end code every session. No any front-end code every session. No any front-end code every session. No exceptions. So, first of all, real exceptions. So, first of all, real exceptions. So, first of all, real quick, what are skills? Well, if you go quick, what are skills? Well, if you go quick, what are skills? Well, if you go to the cloud code docs, you can read to the cloud code docs, you can read to the cloud code docs, you can read about skills right here. Essentially, about skills right here. Essentially, about skills right here. Essentially, they are custom instructions. So, every they are custom instructions. So, every they are custom instructions. So, every time you build like a custom GBT or time you build like a custom GBT or time you build like a custom GBT or cloud project, you're usually putting in cloud project, you're usually putting in cloud project, you're usually putting in knowledge and you're putting in knowledge and you're putting in knowledge and you're putting in instructions. And basically, skills are instructions. And basically, skills are instructions. And basically, skills are just that, but in a markdown file. And just that, but in a markdown file. And just that, but in a markdown file. And why it's so important and cool is why it's so important and cool is why it's so important and cool is because every time you ask Claude a because every time you ask Claude a because every time you ask Claude a question, first it reads its cloud.mmd question, first it reads its cloud.mmd question, first it reads its cloud.mmd file, but then it will think, okay, the file, but then it will think, okay, the file, but then it will think, okay, the user asked me this. Do I have any skills user asked me this. Do I have any skills user asked me this. Do I have any skills in my library that help me do this in my library that help me do this in my library that help me do this better? If yes, I'll grab the skill. better? If yes, I'll grab the skill. better? If yes, I'll grab the skill. I'll read it and then I'll take action. I'll read it and then I'll take action. I'll read it and then I'll take action. If no, I'll just use my general If no, I'll just use my general If no, I'll just use my general knowledge. So, that's why we need to knowledge. So, that's why we need to knowledge. So, that's why we need to have the front-end skill because it have the front-end skill because it have the front-end skill because it helps us create designs that are way helps us create designs that are way helps us create designs that are way more modern and professional and they more modern and professional and they more modern and professional and they don't look as much vibecoded, AI don't look as much vibecoded, AI don't look as much vibecoded, AI vibecoded. And the good news is it's vibecoded. And the good news is it's vibecoded. And the good news is it's super super simple. You just have to super super simple. You just have to super super simple. You just have to install it. So, here's a tweet that install it. So, here's a tweet that install it. So, here's a tweet that showed the power of this. All they showed the power of this. All they showed the power of this. All they prompted Cloud Code to do was use the prompted Cloud Code to do was use the prompted Cloud Code to do was use the front-end design skill, create a music front-end design skill, create a music front-end design skill, create a music player app, and it created this that has player app, and it created this that has player app, and it created this that has some, you know, animations, it has some some, you know, animations, it has some some, you know, animations, it has some dynamic elements, and if you would have dynamic elements, and if you would have dynamic elements, and if you would have just told Claude Code to do this without just told Claude Code to do this without just told Claude Code to do this without that skill, it would have looked much that skill, it would have looked much that skill, it would have looked much worse. So, I'll leave a link to this worse. So, I'll leave a link to this worse. So, I'll leave a link to this tweet in the description of this video, tweet in the description of this video, tweet in the description of this video, you basically just have to run this you basically just have to run this you basically just have to run this command and then you run this one, and command and then you run this one, and command and then you run this one, and then you should be good with the skill then you should be good with the skill then you should be good with the skill installed globally across any Cloud Code installed globally across any Cloud Code installed globally across any Cloud Code project that you might use in the project that you might use in the project that you might use in the future. And when I say run these future. And when I say run these future. And when I say run these commands, you can literally just copy commands, you can literally just copy commands, you can literally just copy this if you wanted to and just paste this if you wanted to and just paste this if you wanted to and just paste that right into here in cloud code and that right into here in cloud code and that right into here in cloud code and it would install that for you. All it would install that for you. All it would install that for you. All right, so let me go ahead and show you right, so let me go ahead and show you right, so let me go ahead and show you guys how good this front-end design guys how good this front-end design guys how good this front-end design skill really is with such a minimal skill really is with such a minimal skill really is with such a minimal prompt. So before we prompt this agent, prompt. So before we prompt this agent, prompt. So before we prompt this agent, I just wanted to show you guys something I just wanted to show you guys something I just wanted to show you guys something else you can do, which is kind of a else you can do, which is kind of a else you can do, which is kind of a bonus hack. What I'm going to do is I'm bonus hack. What I'm going to do is I'm bonus hack. What I'm going to do is I'm going to create a new folder. I'm going going to create a new folder. I'm going going to create a new folder. I'm going to call this brand_assets. to call this brand_assets. to call this brand_assets. And our claw.md file actually explains And our claw.md file actually explains And our claw.md file actually explains that this might be a file or a folder that this might be a file or a folder that this might be a file or a folder that cloud code needs to look at. And that cloud code needs to look at. And that cloud code needs to look at. And what I'm going to put in here are two what I'm going to put in here are two what I'm going to put in here are two things. My logo and brand guidelines so things. My logo and brand guidelines so things. My logo and brand guidelines so that it creates this website and it that it creates this website and it that it creates this website and it feels very branded towards me and my feels very branded towards me and my feels very branded towards me and my business. So right here I'm dragging in business. So right here I'm dragging in business. So right here I'm dragging in the AI automation society logo as you the AI automation society logo as you the AI automation society logo as you can see like that. And then I'm also can see like that. And then I'm also can see like that. And then I'm also going to drag in our brand guidelines going to drag in our brand guidelines going to drag in our brand guidelines which has stuff like our colors, our which has stuff like our colors, our which has stuff like our colors, our typography icons, stuff like that. And typography icons, stuff like that. And typography icons, stuff like that. And so now that Claude can look at that, I'm so now that Claude can look at that, I'm so now that Claude can look at that, I'm going to just give it a very very simple going to just give it a very very simple going to just give it a very very simple prompt. So, all I'm saying is build me a prompt. So, all I'm saying is build me a prompt. So, all I'm saying is build me a modern and professional landing page for modern and professional landing page for modern and professional landing page for AI Automation Society. And I'm also AI Automation Society. And I'm also AI Automation Society. And I'm also going to tell it that here's my logo and going to tell it that here's my logo and going to tell it that here's my logo and here's my brand guidelines. It would be here's my brand guidelines. It would be here's my brand guidelines. It would be able to figure it out either way because able to figure it out either way because able to figure it out either way because we put it in the claw.md. But I just we put it in the claw.md. But I just we put it in the claw.md. But I just wanted to show you guys that you can wanted to show you guys that you can wanted to show you guys that you can actually tag assets directly. So, if I actually tag assets directly. So, if I actually tag assets directly. So, if I do an at, it will basically pop up and do an at, it will basically pop up and do an at, it will basically pop up and let me choose or point at the right let me choose or point at the right let me choose or point at the right things. So now I can explicitly say, things. So now I can explicitly say, things. So now I can explicitly say, "Hey, here are the, you know, here's the "Hey, here are the, you know, here's the "Hey, here are the, you know, here's the brand guidelines and here's the logo brand guidelines and here's the logo brand guidelines and here's the logo because maybe they're not named in a way because maybe they're not named in a way because maybe they're not named in a way that's super intuitive and now I'm just that's super intuitive and now I'm just that's super intuitive and now I'm just showing Cloud Code exactly what I want." showing Cloud Code exactly what I want." showing Cloud Code exactly what I want." So I'm going to shoot this off. I'm not So I'm going to shoot this off. I'm not So I'm going to shoot this off. I'm not even in plan mode. I just want to show even in plan mode. I just want to show even in plan mode. I just want to show you guys how good this front-end design you guys how good this front-end design you guys how good this front-end design skill is. And what you're going to skill is. And what you're going to skill is. And what you're going to notice is first of all, what it did is notice is first of all, what it did is notice is first of all, what it did is it read the clawenmd file and now it's it read the clawenmd file and now it's it read the clawenmd file and now it's reading the brand assets. And now what reading the brand assets. And now what reading the brand assets. And now what it's going to do is it should hopefully it's going to do is it should hopefully it's going to do is it should hopefully invoke the front-end design skill and invoke the front-end design skill and invoke the front-end design skill and start building out that website for us. start building out that website for us. start building out that website for us. There we go. right on Q. It has invoked There we go. right on Q. It has invoked There we go. right on Q. It has invoked the front-end design skill right there. the front-end design skill right there. the front-end design skill right there. All right, so that has finished up. You All right, so that has finished up. You All right, so that has finished up. You can see that we've got a nav, a hero, can see that we've got a nav, a hero, can see that we've got a nav, a hero, tools marquee, we've got stats, about tools marquee, we've got stats, about tools marquee, we've got stats, about benefits. So, a full onepage landing benefits. So, a full onepage landing benefits. So, a full onepage landing page, and it should be completely page, and it should be completely page, and it should be completely matching our brand as far as the logo, matching our brand as far as the logo, matching our brand as far as the logo, the colors, and the typography. It also the colors, and the typography. It also the colors, and the typography. It also added some animations. So, I'm excited added some animations. So, I'm excited added some animations. So, I'm excited to see how that works. And it threw it to see how that works. And it threw it to see how that works. And it threw it on local host for us to check out. So, on local host for us to check out. So, on local host for us to check out. So, let's head over there. All right, look let's head over there. All right, look let's head over there. All right, look at that. We've got like a little at that. We've got like a little at that. We've got like a little animation up here. We've got a line animation up here. We've got a line animation up here. We've got a line going down. We can see that we do have going down. We can see that we do have going down. We can see that we do have our logo up here as well as our exact our logo up here as well as our exact our logo up here as well as our exact colors and font. We've got a community colors and font. We've got a community colors and font. We've got a community rating. Oh, that's super nice. We've rating. Oh, that's super nice. We've rating. Oh, that's super nice. We've also got some scrolling tech companies. also got some scrolling tech companies. also got some scrolling tech companies. So, we've got edit end make, Claude, So, we've got edit end make, Claude, So, we've got edit end make, Claude, GBT40, Zapier, Air Table. We've got some GBT40, Zapier, Air Table. We've got some GBT40, Zapier, Air Table. We've got some random stats here. Obviously, we'd have random stats here. Obviously, we'd have random stats here. Obviously, we'd have to fill this in with our own copy, but to fill this in with our own copy, but to fill this in with our own copy, but keep in mind all of this happened with keep in mind all of this happened with keep in mind all of this happened with only us saying, "Create me a landing only us saying, "Create me a landing only us saying, "Create me a landing page for our community called A page for our community called A page for our community called A Automation Society." That was literally Automation Society." That was literally Automation Society." That was literally it. And it created all of this. We've it. And it created all of this. We've it. And it created all of this. We've got testimonials. We've got a final call got testimonials. We've got a final call got testimonials. We've got a final call to action here. The logo is doing a to action here. The logo is doing a to action here. The logo is doing a little floating for basically a one little floating for basically a one little floating for basically a one sentence prompt. This is super super sentence prompt. This is super super sentence prompt. This is super super solid with the front-end design skill. solid with the front-end design skill. solid with the front-end design skill. Now, there was another secret thing Now, there was another secret thing Now, there was another secret thing going on here that I didn't yet tell you going on here that I didn't yet tell you going on here that I didn't yet tell you guys about, but if you've already read guys about, but if you've already read guys about, but if you've already read the Claw Denm, you might have noticed. the Claw Denm, you might have noticed. the Claw Denm, you might have noticed. And that brings us on to hack number And that brings us on to hack number And that brings us on to hack number two, which is the screenshot loop. So, two, which is the screenshot loop. So, two, which is the screenshot loop. So, the idea here is that AI is really good the idea here is that AI is really good the idea here is that AI is really good at getting you where you want to go, but at getting you where you want to go, but at getting you where you want to go, but it takes a lot of manual correction and it takes a lot of manual correction and it takes a lot of manual correction and steering. So, let's say I just told steering. So, let's say I just told steering. So, let's say I just told Claude Code to build us that website. Claude Code to build us that website. Claude Code to build us that website. Without the front-end design skill, it Without the front-end design skill, it Without the front-end design skill, it might have gotten us like 40% of the way might have gotten us like 40% of the way might have gotten us like 40% of the way there. But now that we added the there. But now that we added the there. But now that we added the front-end design skill, it's going to front-end design skill, it's going to front-end design skill, it's going to get us maybe let's let's just call it get us maybe let's let's just call it get us maybe let's let's just call it 60. What we can do now is use 60. What we can do now is use 60. What we can do now is use screenshots to help AI iterate upon screenshots to help AI iterate upon screenshots to help AI iterate upon itself. So, instead of it getting 60% of itself. So, instead of it getting 60% of itself. So, instead of it getting 60% of the way there and then we make an the way there and then we make an the way there and then we make an improvement and then we make another improvement and then we make another improvement and then we make another improvement and we keep doing this, it improvement and we keep doing this, it improvement and we keep doing this, it basically should just bridge this gap basically should just bridge this gap basically should just bridge this gap itself because it's able to take a itself because it's able to take a itself because it's able to take a screenshot, look at the browser, see screenshot, look at the browser, see screenshot, look at the browser, see what it looks like, and then make make what it looks like, and then make make what it looks like, and then make make changes. So, what you guys didn't changes. So, what you guys didn't changes. So, what you guys didn't notice, or maybe you did, is over here, notice, or maybe you did, is over here, notice, or maybe you did, is over here, it created a new folder for us called it created a new folder for us called it created a new folder for us called temporary screenshots. And we can see temporary screenshots. And we can see temporary screenshots. And we can see that in that process of building out that in that process of building out that in that process of building out that first version of our workflow, it that first version of our workflow, it that first version of our workflow, it took 10 screenshots. So, I can click took 10 screenshots. So, I can click took 10 screenshots. So, I can click here, and I can see what it looked at. here, and I can see what it looked at. here, and I can see what it looked at. It looked at the hero section, which It looked at the hero section, which It looked at the hero section, which kind of was a a random full page. It got kind of was a a random full page. It got kind of was a a random full page. It got the viewport, which was that's more of the viewport, which was that's more of the viewport, which was that's more of the hero section. It looked at the the hero section. It looked at the the hero section. It looked at the stats. It looked at the about page. And stats. It looked at the about page. And stats. It looked at the about page. And what it did is it used these screenshots what it did is it used these screenshots what it did is it used these screenshots as it kept clicking through and looking as it kept clicking through and looking as it kept clicking through and looking and improved things. So, you guys didn't and improved things. So, you guys didn't and improved things. So, you guys didn't see this, but in the actual to-dos, it see this, but in the actual to-dos, it see this, but in the actual to-dos, it wrote the index. HTML, it started the wrote the index. HTML, it started the wrote the index. HTML, it started the server and screenshotted the workflow, server and screenshotted the workflow, server and screenshotted the workflow, and then it did a two pass screenshot and then it did a two pass screenshot and then it did a two pass screenshot review and polish. So, it basically uses review and polish. So, it basically uses review and polish. So, it basically uses its eyes to check that what it's its eyes to check that what it's its eyes to check that what it's building actually looks good. And in building actually looks good. And in building actually looks good. And in order to set that up, it's actually order to set that up, it's actually order to set that up, it's actually really, really easy. If you go to the really, really easy. If you go to the really, really easy. If you go to the cloud.md file, you can see that I've got cloud.md file, you can see that I've got cloud.md file, you can see that I've got a section for screenshot workflow. And a section for screenshot workflow. And a section for screenshot workflow. And we're just doing this using Puppeteer. we're just doing this using Puppeteer. we're just doing this using Puppeteer. So, literally, if you take this cloudMD So, literally, if you take this cloudMD So, literally, if you take this cloudMD and say, "Hey, Cloud Code, can you set and say, "Hey, Cloud Code, can you set and say, "Hey, Cloud Code, can you set up Puppeteer to take screenshots?" It up Puppeteer to take screenshots?" It up Puppeteer to take screenshots?" It should be able to install all of that should be able to install all of that should be able to install all of that stuff for you right there really simply. stuff for you right there really simply. stuff for you right there really simply. And so, yes, that's cool on its own, but And so, yes, that's cool on its own, but And so, yes, that's cool on its own, but where it actually comes into handy a lot where it actually comes into handy a lot where it actually comes into handy a lot more is when we look at hack number more is when we look at hack number more is when we look at hack number three, which is using other websites as three, which is using other websites as three, which is using other websites as inspiration. Because what we're able to inspiration. Because what we're able to inspiration. Because what we're able to do is say, "Hey, Claude Code, take this do is say, "Hey, Claude Code, take this do is say, "Hey, Claude Code, take this website right here and build me a website right here and build me a website right here and build me a clone." So, you should build one that clone." So, you should build one that clone." So, you should build one that looks exactly like this one. And then looks exactly like this one. And then looks exactly like this one. And then what it's able to do is use its eyes, what it's able to do is use its eyes, what it's able to do is use its eyes, use its screenshot tool to screenshot use its screenshot tool to screenshot use its screenshot tool to screenshot what it's building and look at the what it's building and look at the what it's building and look at the reference and keep going back and forth reference and keep going back and forth reference and keep going back and forth until it's close enough. So, let me show until it's close enough. So, let me show until it's close enough. So, let me show you guys that in action right now. So, you guys that in action right now. So, you guys that in action right now. So, there's tons of sites that you could go there's tons of sites that you could go there's tons of sites that you could go to for website inspiration. Here's one to for website inspiration. Here's one to for website inspiration. Here's one example called Dribble. Here's another example called Dribble. Here's another example called Dribble. Here's another example called godly website. And here's example called godly website. And here's example called godly website. And here's another really cool example called another really cool example called another really cool example called Awards with three W's. So, there's tons Awards with three W's. So, there's tons Awards with three W's. So, there's tons of places that you can find inspiration. of places that you can find inspiration. of places that you can find inspiration. So, for the sake of this video, I found So, for the sake of this video, I found So, for the sake of this video, I found this one that I want to use. It's got a this one that I want to use. It's got a this one that I want to use. It's got a nice little animation in the background. nice little animation in the background. nice little animation in the background. It's obviously not our color scheme, but It's obviously not our color scheme, but It's obviously not our color scheme, but it has some cool things as you scroll it has some cool things as you scroll it has some cool things as you scroll down like a dashboard. It's got some down like a dashboard. It's got some down like a dashboard. It's got some other little cards down here. None of other little cards down here. None of other little cards down here. None of this is really too animated. Well, I this is really too animated. Well, I this is really too animated. Well, I guess that is. But let's just say we guess that is. But let's just say we guess that is. But let's just say we wanted our website to look like this wanted our website to look like this wanted our website to look like this one, for example. First thing that I one, for example. First thing that I one, for example. First thing that I would do is I would hit F12. I'm on would do is I would hit F12. I'm on would do is I would hit F12. I'm on Windows, by the way. I would go to Windows, by the way. I would go to Windows, by the way. I would go to console and I would do control shiftP console and I would do control shiftP console and I would do control shiftP and search for screenshot. What this and search for screenshot. What this and search for screenshot. What this lets me do is capture a full-size lets me do is capture a full-size lets me do is capture a full-size screenshot of the entire page rather screenshot of the entire page rather screenshot of the entire page rather than just my current view. So here you than just my current view. So here you than just my current view. So here you can see it downloaded this screenshot can see it downloaded this screenshot can see it downloaded this screenshot and you can see that that is indeed the and you can see that that is indeed the and you can see that that is indeed the entire website. Now, if you're on Mac, entire website. Now, if you're on Mac, entire website. Now, if you're on Mac, that's still doable, but you just have that's still doable, but you just have that's still doable, but you just have to Google the different buttons to do to Google the different buttons to do to Google the different buttons to do it. And then the next thing what I want it. And then the next thing what I want it. And then the next thing what I want to do is on the top right here, I'm to do is on the top right here, I'm to do is on the top right here, I'm going to go to elements, and in the going to go to elements, and in the going to go to elements, and in the to copy everything. So, I'm actually to copy everything. So, I'm actually to copy everything. So, I'm actually copying basically like the raw code or copying basically like the raw code or copying basically like the raw code or HTML or, you know, whatever you want to HTML or, you know, whatever you want to HTML or, you know, whatever you want to consider this as that tells the website consider this as that tells the website consider this as that tells the website how this is styled. And we're going to how this is styled. And we're going to how this is styled. And we're going to give Claude code that. So, I'm going to give Claude code that. So, I'm going to give Claude code that. So, I'm going to go ahead and do a clear so we can start go ahead and do a clear so we can start go ahead and do a clear so we can start a fresh session. I'm going to first of a fresh session. I'm going to first of a fresh session. I'm going to first of all just paste in the code that we just all just paste in the code that we just all just paste in the code that we just copied which is the style information. copied which is the style information. copied which is the style information. So I said I want you to spin up a new So I said I want you to spin up a new So I said I want you to spin up a new website for us. Get rid of the old one website for us. Get rid of the old one website for us. Get rid of the old one and you can put this one on local host. and you can put this one on local host. and you can put this one on local host. I basically want you to clone this I basically want you to clone this I basically want you to clone this website. So I'm going to give you the website. So I'm going to give you the website. So I'm going to give you the screenshot which what I'm going to do is screenshot which what I'm going to do is screenshot which what I'm going to do is just drag it in from my files and put it just drag it in from my files and put it just drag it in from my files and put it right over here. As you can see that is right over here. As you can see that is right over here. As you can see that is the screenshot we just took. And I'm the screenshot we just took. And I'm the screenshot we just took. And I'm going to point to it so it knows what to going to point to it so it knows what to going to point to it so it knows what to use which is the www right there. And use which is the www right there. And use which is the www right there. And then I said here's a screenshot. Here's then I said here's a screenshot. Here's then I said here's a screenshot. Here's the style. and just go ahead and clone the style. and just go ahead and clone the style. and just go ahead and clone this website for us. So, that is all this website for us. So, that is all this website for us. So, that is all we're going to do to start and then we we're going to do to start and then we we're going to do to start and then we can come back in later and tell it to can come back in later and tell it to can come back in later and tell it to use our branding and our, you know, use our branding and our, you know, use our branding and our, you know, colors and logo and everything like colors and logo and everything like colors and logo and everything like that. Now, a couple things to keep in that. Now, a couple things to keep in that. Now, a couple things to keep in mind. When you're doing some of the big mind. When you're doing some of the big mind. When you're doing some of the big processes like spinning up a website processes like spinning up a website processes like spinning up a website from scratch or comparing two websites from scratch or comparing two websites from scratch or comparing two websites and cloning them, that coding process and cloning them, that coding process and cloning them, that coding process and thinking will take longer. But once and thinking will take longer. But once and thinking will take longer. But once you have a working version, making small you have a working version, making small you have a working version, making small changes or tweaks, that happens pretty changes or tweaks, that happens pretty changes or tweaks, that happens pretty quickly. And one other thing is you quickly. And one other thing is you quickly. And one other thing is you might have noticed that this really might have noticed that this really might have noticed that this really isn't stopping to ask me questions. And isn't stopping to ask me questions. And isn't stopping to ask me questions. And that's because I'm using bypass that's because I'm using bypass that's because I'm using bypass permissions mode. So if you don't see permissions mode. So if you don't see permissions mode. So if you don't see this in your instance, you're going to this in your instance, you're going to this in your instance, you're going to go to settings. You're going to type in go to settings. You're going to type in go to settings. You're going to type in clawed code. And then right here, you clawed code. And then right here, you clawed code. And then right here, you should see allow dangerously skip should see allow dangerously skip should see allow dangerously skip permissions. And that is where you turn permissions. And that is where you turn permissions. And that is where you turn that on. Now I definitely have a that on. Now I definitely have a that on. Now I definitely have a responsibility to tell you that this is responsibility to tell you that this is responsibility to tell you that this is dangerous. It has the potential to just dangerous. It has the potential to just dangerous. It has the potential to just kind of like run any command that it kind of like run any command that it kind of like run any command that it wants. But in my practice, I've never wants. But in my practice, I've never wants. But in my practice, I've never really had this be an issue, especially really had this be an issue, especially really had this be an issue, especially because I'm never like setting this to because I'm never like setting this to because I'm never like setting this to code all night long and then going to code all night long and then going to code all night long and then going to sleep. I'm always still kind of like sleep. I'm always still kind of like sleep. I'm always still kind of like watching it or I'm nearby and nothing watching it or I'm nearby and nothing watching it or I'm nearby and nothing bad really is going to happen. All bad really is going to happen. All bad really is going to happen. All right, awesome. So, we just got to the right, awesome. So, we just got to the right, awesome. So, we just got to the point where now it is creating a to-do point where now it is creating a to-do point where now it is creating a to-do list. And what you can see here is once list. And what you can see here is once list. And what you can see here is once it actually writes the code for the it actually writes the code for the it actually writes the code for the website, it's going to start up the website, it's going to start up the website, it's going to start up the server and it's going to take server and it's going to take server and it's going to take screenshots and it's going to do two screenshots and it's going to do two screenshots and it's going to do two rounds at least of comparing. It's going rounds at least of comparing. It's going rounds at least of comparing. It's going to look at what it built versus the to look at what it built versus the to look at what it built versus the reference. It's going to fix any reference. It's going to fix any reference. It's going to fix any mismatches and then it's going to do mismatches and then it's going to do mismatches and then it's going to do that again. And that is why the that again. And that is why the that again. And that is why the screenshot loop is so powerful. So screenshot loop is so powerful. So screenshot loop is so powerful. So logically, this is really cool. I mean, logically, this is really cool. I mean, logically, this is really cool. I mean, it's going through and it's looking it's going through and it's looking it's going through and it's looking section by section and analyzing how section by section and analyzing how section by section and analyzing how well it's stacking up. But we will have well it's stacking up. But we will have well it's stacking up. But we will have to see how it actually turns out. Okay, to see how it actually turns out. Okay, to see how it actually turns out. Okay, so that just finished up and before we so that just finished up and before we so that just finished up and before we actually see how good it really built actually see how good it really built actually see how good it really built this, I wanted to point out one thing this, I wanted to point out one thing this, I wanted to point out one thing about the screenshots. So you can see about the screenshots. So you can see about the screenshots. So you can see that we have screenshot 1 2 3 4, all of that we have screenshot 1 2 3 4, all of that we have screenshot 1 2 3 4, all of this kind of stuff. But we don't really this kind of stuff. But we don't really this kind of stuff. But we don't really know which one is which without clicking know which one is which without clicking know which one is which without clicking on them. So, it looks like these are the on them. So, it looks like these are the on them. So, it looks like these are the clones as you can see because they're clones as you can see because they're clones as you can see because they're coming out looking like the website that coming out looking like the website that coming out looking like the website that we gave it. Well, we either should have we gave it. Well, we either should have we gave it. Well, we either should have before we started this new build, we before we started this new build, we before we started this new build, we should have told cloud code, hey, you should have told cloud code, hey, you should have told cloud code, hey, you can delete all of those temporary can delete all of those temporary can delete all of those temporary screenshots or in the claw.md, we should screenshots or in the claw.md, we should screenshots or in the claw.md, we should be more specific about the naming be more specific about the naming be more specific about the naming convention of the screenshots so that we convention of the screenshots so that we convention of the screenshots so that we can actually tell. Now, realistically, can actually tell. Now, realistically, can actually tell. Now, realistically, these temporary screenshots are more for these temporary screenshots are more for these temporary screenshots are more for claw codes benefit than for ours, but claw codes benefit than for ours, but claw codes benefit than for ours, but that is something else that you can be that is something else that you can be that is something else that you can be thinking about if you do want to be able thinking about if you do want to be able thinking about if you do want to be able to click through and see the changes to click through and see the changes to click through and see the changes that were made with each version. But that were made with each version. But that were made with each version. But anyways, let's go ahead and open up this anyways, let's go ahead and open up this anyways, let's go ahead and open up this link and see what we got. All right, so link and see what we got. All right, so link and see what we got. All right, so I'm going to switch this to English for I'm going to switch this to English for I'm going to switch this to English for my head. But we can see we've got the my head. But we can see we've got the my head. But we can see we've got the purple colors. We've got your strategic purple colors. We've got your strategic purple colors. We've got your strategic ally for a truly profitable business. ally for a truly profitable business. ally for a truly profitable business. We've got the same top menu bar. Um a We've got the same top menu bar. Um a We've got the same top menu bar. Um a similar type of dashboard here. We've similar type of dashboard here. We've similar type of dashboard here. We've got some cards. And as we scroll down, got some cards. And as we scroll down, got some cards. And as we scroll down, it feels very similar to the real it feels very similar to the real it feels very similar to the real version that we gave it, which was this version that we gave it, which was this version that we gave it, which was this one. Obviously, some of the dynamic one. Obviously, some of the dynamic one. Obviously, some of the dynamic elements in the background and some of elements in the background and some of elements in the background and some of the actual images could not have been the actual images could not have been the actual images could not have been the exact same, but for a clone, this is the exact same, but for a clone, this is the exact same, but for a clone, this is very, very similar. And it is a really very, very similar. And it is a really very, very similar. And it is a really good spot for us to actually start. And good spot for us to actually start. And good spot for us to actually start. And now we can just start to integrate our now we can just start to integrate our now we can just start to integrate our own colors and logos and copy right into own colors and logos and copy right into own colors and logos and copy right into this template. And it's as simple as this template. And it's as simple as this template. And it's as simple as just asking it to do so. So, I'm going just asking it to do so. So, I'm going just asking it to do so. So, I'm going to go ahead and clear this out. I'm to go ahead and clear this out. I'm to go ahead and clear this out. I'm going to say go ahead and delete all of going to say go ahead and delete all of going to say go ahead and delete all of the temporary screenshots in the the temporary screenshots in the the temporary screenshots in the temporary screenshots folder. And so now temporary screenshots folder. And so now temporary screenshots folder. And so now all of those have been deleted as you all of those have been deleted as you all of those have been deleted as you can see. And we're basically going to can see. And we're basically going to can see. And we're basically going to say the most recent landing page looks say the most recent landing page looks say the most recent landing page looks really good. What I want you to do now really good. What I want you to do now really good. What I want you to do now is work in our brand assets. So our is work in our brand assets. So our is work in our brand assets. So our brand guidelines and our AIS logo. And brand guidelines and our AIS logo. And brand guidelines and our AIS logo. And this is for our community called AI this is for our community called AI this is for our community called AI Automation Society. So just work in Automation Society. So just work in Automation Society. So just work in those changes to that website clone that those changes to that website clone that those changes to that website clone that you just built. And once again, we are you just built. And once again, we are you just built. And once again, we are just going to stay on bypass just going to stay on bypass just going to stay on bypass permissions. I'm going to shoot that permissions. I'm going to shoot that permissions. I'm going to shoot that off. One shot prompt this thing. And off. One shot prompt this thing. And off. One shot prompt this thing. And hopefully we should get something that hopefully we should get something that hopefully we should get something that looks pretty solid. Now, what I'm looks pretty solid. Now, what I'm looks pretty solid. Now, what I'm interested to see is what it ends up interested to see is what it ends up interested to see is what it ends up doing with this dashboard and what it doing with this dashboard and what it doing with this dashboard and what it ends up doing with this iPhone screen ends up doing with this iPhone screen ends up doing with this iPhone screen because we haven't given it any other because we haven't given it any other because we haven't given it any other pictures. As you saw in our website, we pictures. As you saw in our website, we pictures. As you saw in our website, we obviously gave it some different obviously gave it some different obviously gave it some different pictures like the school games dashboard pictures like the school games dashboard pictures like the school games dashboard or me with Hermosi and Sam Ovens. But or me with Hermosi and Sam Ovens. But or me with Hermosi and Sam Ovens. But that's what you could do is you would that's what you could do is you would that's what you could do is you would come back into Cloud Code and you would come back into Cloud Code and you would come back into Cloud Code and you would say, "Hey, I gave you some more pictures say, "Hey, I gave you some more pictures say, "Hey, I gave you some more pictures in the brand assets. Put this one here. in the brand assets. Put this one here. in the brand assets. Put this one here. Put this one there." And it would figure Put this one there." And it would figure Put this one there." And it would figure that out for you. And of course, you that out for you. And of course, you that out for you. And of course, you would also have to say, "Cool. When they would also have to say, "Cool. When they would also have to say, "Cool. When they click on start for free, take them to click on start for free, take them to click on start for free, take them to this link." or when they click on see this link." or when they click on see this link." or when they click on see the demo, take them to this link. So, the demo, take them to this link. So, the demo, take them to this link. So, there's other little pieces that you there's other little pieces that you there's other little pieces that you would obviously have to configure as would obviously have to configure as would obviously have to configure as well, but those changes take basically well, but those changes take basically well, but those changes take basically no time. Okay, so that finished up no time. Okay, so that finished up no time. Okay, so that finished up pretty quickly. We've got three pretty quickly. We've got three pretty quickly. We've got three screenshots here, but I'm not going to screenshots here, but I'm not going to screenshots here, but I'm not going to click into them because I don't want to click into them because I don't want to click into them because I don't want to ruin the final reveal here. But we used ruin the final reveal here. But we used ruin the final reveal here. But we used our colors. We have our primary accent, our colors. We have our primary accent, our colors. We have our primary accent, our secondary, our dark background, and our secondary, our dark background, and our secondary, our dark background, and our mid background. We've got the right our mid background. We've got the right our mid background. We've got the right typography. We've got the right logo, typography. We've got the right logo, typography. We've got the right logo, and everything was fully translated from and everything was fully translated from and everything was fully translated from French to English. Thank goodness. And French to English. Thank goodness. And French to English. Thank goodness. And now it's rewritten for our community, now it's rewritten for our community, now it's rewritten for our community, which once again, we didn't actually which once again, we didn't actually which once again, we didn't actually give it facts about the community yet. give it facts about the community yet. give it facts about the community yet. This is just very simple prompting. It This is just very simple prompting. It This is just very simple prompting. It also mocked up a dashboard. So, let's also mocked up a dashboard. So, let's also mocked up a dashboard. So, let's head over to our local host. Let's give head over to our local host. Let's give head over to our local host. Let's give this a hard refresh. And boom. We now this a hard refresh. And boom. We now this a hard refresh. And boom. We now have our new site, master a automation, have our new site, master a automation, have our new site, master a automation, build faster, earn more. For the build faster, earn more. For the build faster, earn more. For the dashboard, it worked in like a little dashboard, it worked in like a little dashboard, it worked in like a little bit of a it's got members. It's got bit of a it's got members. It's got bit of a it's got members. It's got automations, courses. It's got it's kind automations, courses. It's got it's kind automations, courses. It's got it's kind of like a community tracker dashboard, of like a community tracker dashboard, of like a community tracker dashboard, and it uses our colors in there, too, and it uses our colors in there, too, and it uses our colors in there, too, which is cool. We've got different which is cool. We've got different which is cool. We've got different things on here, workshops, templates, things on here, workshops, templates, things on here, workshops, templates, expert community. It also changed this expert community. It also changed this expert community. It also changed this iPhone thing to member growth this iPhone thing to member growth this iPhone thing to member growth this month. So, it's keeping all of this on month. So, it's keeping all of this on month. So, it's keeping all of this on brand with the actual original reference brand with the actual original reference brand with the actual original reference site, which once again looked like this. site, which once again looked like this. site, which once again looked like this. However, now it has our colors and it However, now it has our colors and it However, now it has our colors and it has our information in here. We've got has our information in here. We've got has our information in here. We've got two paths and then we have some other two paths and then we have some other two paths and then we have some other stats down here and a nice little call stats down here and a nice little call stats down here and a nice little call to action at the bottom. So, cool. What to action at the bottom. So, cool. What to action at the bottom. So, cool. What we could do now is obviously go back and we could do now is obviously go back and we could do now is obviously go back and forth a little bit, maybe change some forth a little bit, maybe change some forth a little bit, maybe change some text, make things bigger, you know, text, make things bigger, you know, text, make things bigger, you know, change the images and stuff like that. change the images and stuff like that. change the images and stuff like that. But let's say we're at a spot where we But let's say we're at a spot where we But let's say we're at a spot where we like the overall feel and vibe of the like the overall feel and vibe of the like the overall feel and vibe of the website. But now, how do we really up it website. But now, how do we really up it website. But now, how do we really up it to the next level to make it feel to the next level to make it feel to the next level to make it feel unique? Well, what we're going to do is unique? Well, what we're going to do is unique? Well, what we're going to do is unlock the final hack, which is unlock the final hack, which is unlock the final hack, which is individual components. And what I mean individual components. And what I mean individual components. And what I mean by that is taking inspiration from by that is taking inspiration from by that is taking inspiration from different places, but for very different places, but for very different places, but for very individual components, for small pieces, individual components, for small pieces, individual components, for small pieces, not entire websites. So, what we can do not entire websites. So, what we can do not entire websites. So, what we can do is we can go to a website called is we can go to a website called is we can go to a website called 21st.dev, 21st.dev, 21st.dev, which has some of the best website which has some of the best website which has some of the best website components you might be able to find. components you might be able to find. components you might be able to find. It's got shaders. It's got backgrounds. It's got shaders. It's got backgrounds. It's got shaders. It's got backgrounds. It's got home screens. It's got buttons. It's got home screens. It's got buttons. It's got home screens. It's got buttons. It's got, you know, mouse highlights. It's got, you know, mouse highlights. It's got, you know, mouse highlights. It's got so many different things that It's got so many different things that It's got so many different things that you can do. So, here you can see I've you can do. So, here you can see I've you can do. So, here you can see I've got buttons and I could make them have a got buttons and I could make them have a got buttons and I could make them have a rainbow outline. I could make them rainbow outline. I could make them rainbow outline. I could make them shiny. We could toggle, you know, dark shiny. We could toggle, you know, dark shiny. We could toggle, you know, dark mode or light mode. There's lots of mode or light mode. There's lots of mode or light mode. There's lots of different things we could do here. Or I different things we could do here. Or I different things we could do here. Or I could just click on backgrounds in here could just click on backgrounds in here could just click on backgrounds in here and I could look at other ways that we and I could look at other ways that we and I could look at other ways that we could have our background. So, maybe we could have our background. So, maybe we could have our background. So, maybe we want these little kind of drop down want these little kind of drop down want these little kind of drop down pills instead. Or maybe we want these pills instead. Or maybe we want these pills instead. Or maybe we want these hero waves in the background. I think we hero waves in the background. I think we hero waves in the background. I think we should actually do this instead. So, should actually do this instead. So, should actually do this instead. So, what I'm going to do is just copy this what I'm going to do is just copy this what I'm going to do is just copy this prompt right here. This will basically prompt right here. This will basically prompt right here. This will basically copy a chunk of code for us to give to copy a chunk of code for us to give to copy a chunk of code for us to give to Claude Code. And I'm just going to say, Claude Code. And I'm just going to say, Claude Code. And I'm just going to say, I want you to work in this background I want you to work in this background I want you to work in this background element right behind the hero text. And element right behind the hero text. And element right behind the hero text. And after I give it that prompt, I just after I give it that prompt, I just after I give it that prompt, I just paste in what we grabbed from 21st. And paste in what we grabbed from 21st. And paste in what we grabbed from 21st. And it should be able to use all of this and it should be able to use all of this and it should be able to use all of this and understand how to put that into our understand how to put that into our understand how to put that into our site. So, I'm just going to go ahead and site. So, I'm just going to go ahead and site. So, I'm just going to go ahead and shoot this off and we will see. shoot this off and we will see. shoot this off and we will see. Actually, one thing that I forgot to Actually, one thing that I forgot to Actually, one thing that I forgot to mention is in this case, because we're mention is in this case, because we're mention is in this case, because we're working with an animation, the working with an animation, the working with an animation, the screenshot might not always work the screenshot might not always work the screenshot might not always work the best. So, sometimes you might want to best. So, sometimes you might want to best. So, sometimes you might want to tell it not to do the screenshot flow. tell it not to do the screenshot flow. tell it not to do the screenshot flow. So, I'm basically actually just going to So, I'm basically actually just going to So, I'm basically actually just going to copy all of this text once again. I'm copy all of this text once again. I'm copy all of this text once again. I'm going to clear this out. I'm going to going to clear this out. I'm going to going to clear this out. I'm going to paste it back in. But then I'm also paste it back in. But then I'm also paste it back in. But then I'm also going to say going to say going to say because this is an animated background, because this is an animated background, because this is an animated background, do not use the screenshot tool to do not use the screenshot tool to do not use the screenshot tool to compare. just work in the code and then compare. just work in the code and then compare. just work in the code and then I will let you know if we need to make I will let you know if we need to make I will let you know if we need to make any changes. So hopefully with that any changes. So hopefully with that any changes. So hopefully with that mentioned even though it's going to read mentioned even though it's going to read mentioned even though it's going to read the claw.mmd it won't do a bunch of the claw.mmd it won't do a bunch of the claw.mmd it won't do a bunch of screenshots here because I've actually screenshots here because I've actually screenshots here because I've actually tested this out and I've had you know tested this out and I've had you know tested this out and I've had you know different background elements come different background elements come different background elements come through and because they're dynamic through and because they're dynamic through and because they're dynamic sometimes the screenshot doesn't fully sometimes the screenshot doesn't fully sometimes the screenshot doesn't fully capture it. So it gets stuck in this capture it. So it gets stuck in this capture it. So it gets stuck in this loop of thinking I haven't built this loop of thinking I haven't built this loop of thinking I haven't built this good enough. I'm going to keep trying good enough. I'm going to keep trying good enough. I'm going to keep trying and it like overengineers and it just and it like overengineers and it just and it like overengineers and it just doesn't really work. So sometimes you doesn't really work. So sometimes you doesn't really work. So sometimes you may want to turn off the screenshot may want to turn off the screenshot may want to turn off the screenshot tool. All right, so that just finished tool. All right, so that just finished tool. All right, so that just finished up. It didn't take a bunch of up. It didn't take a bunch of up. It didn't take a bunch of screenshots, so it didn't take forever. screenshots, so it didn't take forever. screenshots, so it didn't take forever. Let's go to the website. Let's give it a Let's go to the website. Let's give it a Let's go to the website. Let's give it a refresh and see. Okay. Okay. So, we've refresh and see. Okay. Okay. So, we've refresh and see. Okay. Okay. So, we've got a background. It looks a little bit got a background. It looks a little bit got a background. It looks a little bit um distracting. It also looks a little um distracting. It also looks a little um distracting. It also looks a little bit cheap. It looks like too pixelated. bit cheap. It looks like too pixelated. bit cheap. It looks like too pixelated. So, what I'm going to do now is just So, what I'm going to do now is just So, what I'm going to do now is just iterate. I'm going to tell it that iterate. I'm going to tell it that iterate. I'm going to tell it that I think that it's a little bit I think that it's a little bit I think that it's a little bit distracting as far as it makes the hero distracting as far as it makes the hero distracting as far as it makes the hero text right behind it a little bit tough text right behind it a little bit tough text right behind it a little bit tough to read. Also, in the hero text, I'd to read. Also, in the hero text, I'd to read. Also, in the hero text, I'd like it if the earn more was maybe a like it if the earn more was maybe a like it if the earn more was maybe a blue or a different color. I think that blue or a different color. I think that blue or a different color. I think that doesn't really feel good to have that be doesn't really feel good to have that be doesn't really feel good to have that be orange. It would be good if there was orange. It would be good if there was orange. It would be good if there was maybe some sort of background behind the maybe some sort of background behind the maybe some sort of background behind the hero text so that we could see it and it hero text so that we could see it and it hero text so that we could see it and it would still stand out and contrast would still stand out and contrast would still stand out and contrast against the background animation, but against the background animation, but against the background animation, but the background animation looks super the background animation looks super the background animation looks super fuzzy and super pixy. If you could make fuzzy and super pixy. If you could make fuzzy and super pixy. If you could make that look a little bit more professional that look a little bit more professional that look a little bit more professional and clean, that would be great. And if and clean, that would be great. And if and clean, that would be great. And if you guys were curious why I was just you guys were curious why I was just you guys were curious why I was just like staring at that and talking is like staring at that and talking is like staring at that and talking is because I was dictating and I wanted to because I was dictating and I wanted to because I was dictating and I wanted to be able to look at what I was talking be able to look at what I was talking be able to look at what I was talking about. So we've given some feedback now. about. So we've given some feedback now. about. So we've given some feedback now. Let's see if it can go ahead and make Let's see if it can go ahead and make Let's see if it can go ahead and make those changes. And once again, like those changes. And once again, like those changes. And once again, like we're being pretty vague here and it we're being pretty vague here and it we're being pretty vague here and it would be up to the creativity of the would be up to the creativity of the would be up to the creativity of the model to understand what we're asking model to understand what we're asking model to understand what we're asking for and be able to make these changes. for and be able to make these changes. for and be able to make these changes. Now, if you were on plan mode, it might Now, if you were on plan mode, it might Now, if you were on plan mode, it might be able to do a little bit better job of be able to do a little bit better job of be able to do a little bit better job of asking you some questions and maybe asking you some questions and maybe asking you some questions and maybe helping you get to a better solution helping you get to a better solution helping you get to a better solution first before it starts coding. But for first before it starts coding. But for first before it starts coding. But for the sake of the video, let's see how the sake of the video, let's see how the sake of the video, let's see how well it does with this prompt. All well it does with this prompt. All well it does with this prompt. All right, that just finished up. And you right, that just finished up. And you right, that just finished up. And you can see that that looks much, much can see that that looks much, much can see that that looks much, much better. This is definitely more what I better. This is definitely more what I better. This is definitely more what I was looking for when we copied over that was looking for when we copied over that was looking for when we copied over that animation into this website. So from animation into this website. So from animation into this website. So from here, we would just keep going through here, we would just keep going through here, we would just keep going through and we'd keep being really nitpicky and we'd keep being really nitpicky and we'd keep being really nitpicky about what we want to change. We'd add about what we want to change. We'd add about what we want to change. We'd add our own pictures in. We'd maybe want to our own pictures in. We'd maybe want to our own pictures in. We'd maybe want to change some of these buttons to be more change some of these buttons to be more change some of these buttons to be more dynamic. We'd want to maybe animate some dynamic. We'd want to maybe animate some dynamic. We'd want to maybe animate some of this other stuff, which we could of this other stuff, which we could of this other stuff, which we could easily do just by asking Claude Code to easily do just by asking Claude Code to easily do just by asking Claude Code to do so. So from here, the question is, do so. So from here, the question is, do so. So from here, the question is, how do you actually get this onto a real how do you actually get this onto a real how do you actually get this onto a real landing page? Because right now, we're landing page? Because right now, we're landing page? Because right now, we're still developing all of this code and still developing all of this code and still developing all of this code and we're previewing this in our local host. we're previewing this in our local host. we're previewing this in our local host. So what we're going to do is we're going So what we're going to do is we're going So what we're going to do is we're going to use a combination of GitHub and to use a combination of GitHub and to use a combination of GitHub and Verscell to do this. Cloud code is where Verscell to do this. Cloud code is where Verscell to do this. Cloud code is where we're working right now. All of these we're working right now. All of these we're working right now. All of these folders, all of these files are local, folders, all of these files are local, folders, all of these files are local, meaning if I pulled up my laptop, I meaning if I pulled up my laptop, I meaning if I pulled up my laptop, I wouldn't be able to access them. And wouldn't be able to access them. And wouldn't be able to access them. And when we're building our website, which when we're building our website, which when we're building our website, which is obviously this website right here, is obviously this website right here, is obviously this website right here, this is all made up of a bunch of code this is all made up of a bunch of code this is all made up of a bunch of code in our cloud code project. So what we in our cloud code project. So what we in our cloud code project. So what we need to do with that is we sync that need to do with that is we sync that need to do with that is we sync that code to GitHub and GitHub has version code to GitHub and GitHub has version code to GitHub and GitHub has version control. We can see all of our commits, control. We can see all of our commits, control. We can see all of our commits, other people can work on it, stuff like other people can work on it, stuff like other people can work on it, stuff like that. We basically host our code or our that. We basically host our code or our that. We basically host our code or our project in the cloud and we set up a project in the cloud and we set up a project in the cloud and we set up a really cool autodeploy between Verscell really cool autodeploy between Verscell really cool autodeploy between Verscell and GitHub. And Versell is basically and GitHub. And Versell is basically and GitHub. And Versell is basically just where we deploy our code to a live just where we deploy our code to a live just where we deploy our code to a live site. So basically what this means is site. So basically what this means is site. So basically what this means is whenever we tell cloud code, hey this whenever we tell cloud code, hey this whenever we tell cloud code, hey this looks good, push these changes to looks good, push these changes to looks good, push these changes to GitHub, GitHub grabs the new changes and GitHub, GitHub grabs the new changes and GitHub, GitHub grabs the new changes and then Verscell automatically grabs those then Verscell automatically grabs those then Verscell automatically grabs those from GitHub and then updates the real from GitHub and then updates the real from GitHub and then updates the real working version of our site. And I will working version of our site. And I will working version of our site. And I will show you guys that. But let's first of show you guys that. But let's first of show you guys that. But let's first of all do this pipeline. So the first thing all do this pipeline. So the first thing all do this pipeline. So the first thing that you're going to need to do is go to that you're going to need to do is go to that you're going to need to do is go to GitHub, create an account if you don't GitHub, create an account if you don't GitHub, create an account if you don't already have one, and you're going to already have one, and you're going to already have one, and you're going to need to create a new repository. So I'm need to create a new repository. So I'm need to create a new repository. So I'm going to create a repository right here going to create a repository right here going to create a repository right here called AIS test website. I'm not going called AIS test website. I'm not going called AIS test website. I'm not going to worry right now about a description to worry right now about a description to worry right now about a description or all of this and I'm just going to go or all of this and I'm just going to go or all of this and I'm just going to go ahead and create that repository. Now, ahead and create that repository. Now, ahead and create that repository. Now, what you also could do is you could tell what you also could do is you could tell what you also could do is you could tell Claude Code, hey, create me a GitHub Claude Code, hey, create me a GitHub Claude Code, hey, create me a GitHub repository and it could actually do repository and it could actually do repository and it could actually do that. But right now, I just wanted to that. But right now, I just wanted to that. But right now, I just wanted to show you guys so you can get a feel for show you guys so you can get a feel for show you guys so you can get a feel for GitHub if you've never used it before. GitHub if you've never used it before. GitHub if you've never used it before. So, anyways, now we have this repository So, anyways, now we have this repository So, anyways, now we have this repository called AIS test website. I'm just going called AIS test website. I'm just going called AIS test website. I'm just going to copy the name of that real quick and to copy the name of that real quick and to copy the name of that real quick and I'm going to come back into Cloud Code. I'm going to come back into Cloud Code. I'm going to come back into Cloud Code. We're going to clear this out and say We're going to clear this out and say We're going to clear this out and say awesome. So now that this site looks awesome. So now that this site looks awesome. So now that this site looks good, we need to actually deploy this on good, we need to actually deploy this on good, we need to actually deploy this on our domain. I need you to help push this our domain. I need you to help push this our domain. I need you to help push this to GitHub and we're going to push it to to GitHub and we're going to push it to to GitHub and we're going to push it to a GitHub repository called a GitHub repository called a GitHub repository called and then I'm going to paste in the name. and then I'm going to paste in the name. and then I'm going to paste in the name. Now, so far it has not yet gotten our Now, so far it has not yet gotten our Now, so far it has not yet gotten our GitHub credentials. So we're going to GitHub credentials. So we're going to GitHub credentials. So we're going to have to obviously authenticate into have to obviously authenticate into have to obviously authenticate into GitHub first so it can push that into GitHub first so it can push that into GitHub first so it can push that into GitHub. So I just got logged in as Nate GitHub. So I just got logged in as Nate GitHub. So I just got logged in as Nate Herkai and now it's going to create the Herkai and now it's going to create the Herkai and now it's going to create the ignore and get everything set up so it ignore and get everything set up so it ignore and get everything set up so it can actually do so. Now, it's not too can actually do so. Now, it's not too can actually do so. Now, it's not too big of a deal right now because nothing big of a deal right now because nothing big of a deal right now because nothing that we'd be pushing into the public that we'd be pushing into the public that we'd be pushing into the public GitHub or, you know, onto the cloud has GitHub or, you know, onto the cloud has GitHub or, you know, onto the cloud has API keys or has any usernames or API keys or has any usernames or API keys or has any usernames or passwords or any sensitive information passwords or any sensitive information passwords or any sensitive information or, you know, web hook abilities. But or, you know, web hook abilities. But or, you know, web hook abilities. But that is something to be aware of once that is something to be aware of once that is something to be aware of once you actually are pushing automations and you actually are pushing automations and you actually are pushing automations and things like that to the cloud. Make sure things like that to the cloud. Make sure things like that to the cloud. Make sure that you're not putting any of your that you're not putting any of your that you're not putting any of your sensitive information out there. sensitive information out there. sensitive information out there. Awesome. So, it now says that our site Awesome. So, it now says that our site Awesome. So, it now says that our site is live on GitHub. So, if I click into is live on GitHub. So, if I click into is live on GitHub. So, if I click into this link, we should see that we now this link, we should see that we now this link, we should see that we now have a new commit. We have all of this have a new commit. We have all of this have a new commit. We have all of this stuff like our claw.mmd. We have our stuff like our claw.mmd. We have our stuff like our claw.mmd. We have our screenshot stuff. We have brand assets screenshot stuff. We have brand assets screenshot stuff. We have brand assets and now we can sync this to Verscell. So and now we can sync this to Verscell. So and now we can sync this to Verscell. So that would be step two is you're going that would be step two is you're going that would be step two is you're going to go to versell.com create an account. to go to versell.com create an account. to go to versell.com create an account. When you create that account, it's much When you create that account, it's much When you create that account, it's much easier if you just sign in or create easier if you just sign in or create easier if you just sign in or create that account with your GitHub that account with your GitHub that account with your GitHub credentials. And then all we have to do credentials. And then all we have to do credentials. And then all we have to do is go ahead and add a new project and is go ahead and add a new project and is go ahead and add a new project and then we're able to just choose a GitHub then we're able to just choose a GitHub then we're able to just choose a GitHub repository. As simple as that. So I can repository. As simple as that. So I can repository. As simple as that. So I can literally just hit import on our AIS literally just hit import on our AIS literally just hit import on our AIS test website which you guys just saw me test website which you guys just saw me test website which you guys just saw me set up. And then all I have to do is go set up. And then all I have to do is go set up. And then all I have to do is go ahead and deploy this project. Awesome. ahead and deploy this project. Awesome. ahead and deploy this project. Awesome. So I've deployed a new project to my So I've deployed a new project to my So I've deployed a new project to my project. I can go ahead and continue to project. I can go ahead and continue to project. I can go ahead and continue to the dashboard here. And what this now the dashboard here. And what this now the dashboard here. And what this now does is we can actually visit this by does is we can actually visit this by does is we can actually visit this by going to ais-test-website.vercell.app. I open that up and now this is no longer I open that up and now this is no longer I open that up and now this is no longer local. I could open up my phone and type local. I could open up my phone and type local. I could open up my phone and type in this. You could open up your browser in this. You could open up your browser in this. You could open up your browser and type this in and you guys could all and type this in and you guys could all and type this in and you guys could all visit this site because it's now visit this site because it's now visit this site because it's now deployed on the cloud. But of course, deployed on the cloud. But of course, deployed on the cloud. But of course, it's got an ugly domain. So what you it's got an ugly domain. So what you it's got an ugly domain. So what you would have to do now is you would have would have to do now is you would have would have to do now is you would have to go to your project settings. You to go to your project settings. You to go to your project settings. You would go to domains. And then this is would go to domains. And then this is would go to domains. And then this is where you would actually just have to where you would actually just have to where you would actually just have to either buy a domain right here or add an either buy a domain right here or add an either buy a domain right here or add an existing one. And it's really simple. It existing one. And it's really simple. It existing one. And it's really simple. It would walk you through the DNS would walk you through the DNS would walk you through the DNS configuration that you need to set up. configuration that you need to set up. configuration that you need to set up. And it's not too difficult, but I'm not And it's not too difficult, but I'm not And it's not too difficult, but I'm not going to actually do that live in this going to actually do that live in this going to actually do that live in this video. So, what I wanted to show you video. So, what I wanted to show you video. So, what I wanted to show you guys real quick before we end off this guys real quick before we end off this guys real quick before we end off this video is what actually happens if we video is what actually happens if we video is what actually happens if we realize that we want to make a change to realize that we want to make a change to realize that we want to make a change to our website that is on the cloud. Well, our website that is on the cloud. Well, our website that is on the cloud. Well, that's why it's good that we still have, that's why it's good that we still have, that's why it's good that we still have, you guys can't see because you can't see you guys can't see because you can't see you guys can't see because you can't see the URL, but we still do have our local the URL, but we still do have our local the URL, but we still do have our local version because if I make a change here version because if I make a change here version because if I make a change here and I don't like it, I don't want that and I don't like it, I don't want that and I don't like it, I don't want that to automatically get pushed to um to automatically get pushed to um to automatically get pushed to um Verscell. So, what you'd probably want Verscell. So, what you'd probably want Verscell. So, what you'd probably want to do is in your claw.mmd file, you to do is in your claw.mmd file, you to do is in your claw.mmd file, you would say ultimately what's going to would say ultimately what's going to would say ultimately what's going to happen is we're syncing all of the happen is we're syncing all of the happen is we're syncing all of the changes to GitHub. GitHub's going to changes to GitHub. GitHub's going to changes to GitHub. GitHub's going to automatically push them to Verscell and automatically push them to Verscell and automatically push them to Verscell and we'll be good to go. But when I'm making we'll be good to go. But when I'm making we'll be good to go. But when I'm making changes with you here, we're always changes with you here, we're always changes with you here, we're always going to test on a local host until I going to test on a local host until I going to test on a local host until I tell you explicitly to push that to tell you explicitly to push that to tell you explicitly to push that to GitHub or commit those changes to GitHub or commit those changes to GitHub or commit those changes to GitHub. Okay. So, this is our local GitHub. Okay. So, this is our local GitHub. Okay. So, this is our local version. And let's just say, for version. And let's just say, for version. And let's just say, for example, we wanted to make this button a example, we wanted to make this button a example, we wanted to make this button a little bit cooler. So, I'm going to ask little bit cooler. So, I'm going to ask little bit cooler. So, I'm going to ask in Cloud Code, could you go ahead and in Cloud Code, could you go ahead and in Cloud Code, could you go ahead and make the join the community button in make the join the community button in make the join the community button in the main hero text section, make it more the main hero text section, make it more the main hero text section, make it more professional. So, give it like a cool professional. So, give it like a cool professional. So, give it like a cool glow. And once you've made this change, glow. And once you've made this change, glow. And once you've made this change, let me see it in local host. Don't push let me see it in local host. Don't push let me see it in local host. Don't push it to GitHub until I tell you to. This it to GitHub until I tell you to. This it to GitHub until I tell you to. This thing is getting pretty screenshot thing is getting pretty screenshot thing is getting pretty screenshot happy. I may have to adjust the wording happy. I may have to adjust the wording happy. I may have to adjust the wording in the cloudmd file a little bit. It in the cloudmd file a little bit. It in the cloudmd file a little bit. It literally took one of the main screen literally took one of the main screen literally took one of the main screen and then it took one of where it just and then it took one of where it just and then it took one of where it just cropped the actual button, but hey, it cropped the actual button, but hey, it cropped the actual button, but hey, it looks good. Okay, so what happens is looks good. Okay, so what happens is looks good. Okay, so what happens is here's the local host. I'll refresh here's the local host. I'll refresh here's the local host. I'll refresh that. Now we can see the little glow that. Now we can see the little glow that. Now we can see the little glow behind the join the community button and behind the join the community button and behind the join the community button and here is the web app version. I refresh here is the web app version. I refresh here is the web app version. I refresh this and we don't have that change yet, this and we don't have that change yet, this and we don't have that change yet, which is great because we don't want to which is great because we don't want to which is great because we don't want to push changes if they're not good, right? push changes if they're not good, right? push changes if they're not good, right? But now what I'll do is say awesome. I But now what I'll do is say awesome. I But now what I'll do is say awesome. I love that change. Go ahead and push that love that change. Go ahead and push that love that change. Go ahead and push that to GitHub. All right, so it just pushed to GitHub. All right, so it just pushed to GitHub. All right, so it just pushed that. We have a new commit. If I go to that. We have a new commit. If I go to that. We have a new commit. If I go to GitHub and I give this a refresh, we can GitHub and I give this a refresh, we can GitHub and I give this a refresh, we can see that we should see right here two see that we should see right here two see that we should see right here two commits. This one was add glowing pulse commits. This one was add glowing pulse commits. This one was add glowing pulse effect to hero join the community effect to hero join the community effect to hero join the community button. And then if I go to Verscell and button. And then if I go to Verscell and button. And then if I go to Verscell and we go to our deployments, we should see we go to our deployments, we should see we go to our deployments, we should see that we just got a second one come that we just got a second one come that we just got a second one come through as well just now. And now if I through as well just now. And now if I through as well just now. And now if I go to the site on the web and I refresh, go to the site on the web and I refresh, go to the site on the web and I refresh, we see the actual glowing join the we see the actual glowing join the we see the actual glowing join the community button. All right, so those community button. All right, so those community button. All right, so those are the five hacks that I wanted to are the five hacks that I wanted to are the five hacks that I wanted to cover today. We have our claw.md file, cover today. We have our claw.md file, cover today. We have our claw.md file, which as you could tell by this video, which as you could tell by this video, which as you could tell by this video, yes, it's nice to have something to yes, it's nice to have something to yes, it's nice to have something to start, but you are going to continue to start, but you are going to continue to start, but you are going to continue to iterate upon it throughout your project iterate upon it throughout your project iterate upon it throughout your project until you get to a good spot. We've got until you get to a good spot. We've got until you get to a good spot. We've got the front-end design skill, which is the front-end design skill, which is the front-end design skill, which is just like way too easy to not use. We've just like way too easy to not use. We've just like way too easy to not use. We've got the screenshot loop, which you got got the screenshot loop, which you got got the screenshot loop, which you got to be careful about, but it is very to be careful about, but it is very to be careful about, but it is very helpful. We've got inspiration websites, helpful. We've got inspiration websites, helpful. We've got inspiration websites, and then we have inspiration individual and then we have inspiration individual and then we have inspiration individual components, and now it's just a matter components, and now it's just a matter components, and now it's just a matter of making small tweaks and iterating of making small tweaks and iterating of making small tweaks and iterating upon your website. Just a reminder, you upon your website. Just a reminder, you upon your website. Just a reminder, you can grab this claw.md file for free in can grab this claw.md file for free in can grab this claw.md file for free in my free school community. The link for my free school community. The link for my free school community. The link for that is down in the description. So, you know how on Apple's site we've So, you know how on Apple's site we've So, you know how on Apple's site we've got the product, we've got quotes come got the product, we've got quotes come got the product, we've got quotes come in, we've got dynamic elements like in, we've got dynamic elements like in, we've got dynamic elements like this. We can see sort of like the this. We can see sort of like the this. We can see sort of like the deconstruction of the product itself. deconstruction of the product itself. deconstruction of the product itself. And all of these features on the website And all of these features on the website And all of these features on the website give it a super professional and branded give it a super professional and branded give it a super professional and branded feel. And I'm sure that some of you guys feel. And I'm sure that some of you guys feel. And I'm sure that some of you guys have realized by now, but this website have realized by now, but this website have realized by now, but this website is not Apple. This is one that I built is not Apple. This is one that I built is not Apple. This is one that I built with cloud code using this new skill in with cloud code using this new skill in with cloud code using this new skill in like 30 minutes. So, I'm going to show like 30 minutes. So, I'm going to show like 30 minutes. So, I'm going to show you guys today the exact process to you guys today the exact process to you guys today the exact process to build sites just like this that are build sites just like this that are build sites just like this that are super professional, that have these super professional, that have these super professional, that have these really nice animations going on, and really nice animations going on, and really nice animations going on, and they just feel awesome. I'm also going they just feel awesome. I'm also going they just feel awesome. I'm also going to be giving you away the skill and to be giving you away the skill and to be giving you away the skill and everything that you need to do this for everything that you need to do this for everything that you need to do this for completely free so that even if you've completely free so that even if you've completely free so that even if you've never opened up Cloud Code or, you know, never opened up Cloud Code or, you know, never opened up Cloud Code or, you know, built a website before, you will be able built a website before, you will be able built a website before, you will be able to do exactly what you're seeing on to do exactly what you're seeing on to do exactly what you're seeing on screen. So, let's not waste any time and screen. So, let's not waste any time and screen. So, let's not waste any time and get straight into the video. Okay, so get straight into the video. Okay, so get straight into the video. Okay, so we're using Cloud Code in Visual Studio we're using Cloud Code in Visual Studio we're using Cloud Code in Visual Studio Code. So, if you don't have that, just Code. So, if you don't have that, just Code. So, if you don't have that, just go to the browser, type in VS Code, and go to the browser, type in VS Code, and go to the browser, type in VS Code, and download this for your operating system. download this for your operating system. download this for your operating system. and it's completely free. Once you're in and it's completely free. Once you're in and it's completely free. Once you're in here, you're going to go over to the here, you're going to go over to the here, you're going to go over to the left, which is the extensions button. left, which is the extensions button. left, which is the extensions button. You're going to type in Cloud Code and You're going to type in Cloud Code and You're going to type in Cloud Code and install this one. It will then prompt install this one. It will then prompt install this one. It will then prompt you to sign in with your Anthropic you to sign in with your Anthropic you to sign in with your Anthropic subscription. And by the way, you do subscription. And by the way, you do subscription. And by the way, you do have to be on the paid plan, so either have to be on the paid plan, so either have to be on the paid plan, so either the Pro or the Max in order to use Cloud the Pro or the Max in order to use Cloud the Pro or the Max in order to use Cloud Code. Now, once you've got that Code. Now, once you've got that Code. Now, once you've got that installed, you're going to click on this installed, you're going to click on this installed, you're going to click on this button up here, which is the Explorer, button up here, which is the Explorer, button up here, which is the Explorer, and you need to open up a folder. So, and you need to open up a folder. So, and you need to open up a folder. So, just go to your desktop, go to your just go to your desktop, go to your just go to your desktop, go to your documents, open up a brand new folder, documents, open up a brand new folder, documents, open up a brand new folder, just call it, you know, 3D website just call it, you know, 3D website just call it, you know, 3D website testing, and then open it up right here. testing, and then open it up right here. testing, and then open it up right here. So, here you can see this is the project So, here you can see this is the project So, here you can see this is the project that I've been working in. And I've just that I've been working in. And I've just that I've been working in. And I've just called it animated websites. And what called it animated websites. And what called it animated websites. And what I'm going to do is give you guys all the I'm going to do is give you guys all the I'm going to do is give you guys all the skills in here that you need in order to skills in here that you need in order to skills in here that you need in order to just replicate what I'm doing. And I'm just replicate what I'm doing. And I'm just replicate what I'm doing. And I'm giving you guys all that for free, of giving you guys all that for free, of giving you guys all that for free, of course. So that once you have that, all course. So that once you have that, all course. So that once you have that, all you have to do is give Cloud Code a you have to do is give Cloud Code a you have to do is give Cloud Code a video. For example, here we have a video video. For example, here we have a video video. For example, here we have a video of a camera. You can see what happens is of a camera. You can see what happens is of a camera. You can see what happens is it just basically spins around and then it just basically spins around and then it just basically spins around and then it kind of like goes into X-ray mode and it kind of like goes into X-ray mode and it kind of like goes into X-ray mode and we can see inside the camera. And now we can see inside the camera. And now we can see inside the camera. And now that Cloud Code has that, you just say, that Cloud Code has that, you just say, that Cloud Code has that, you just say, "Build me a website for this video." And "Build me a website for this video." And "Build me a website for this video." And what you get is something like this what you get is something like this what you get is something like this where we have Vans 1. You can see it where we have Vans 1. You can see it where we have Vans 1. You can see it looks like a product landing page. As we looks like a product landing page. As we looks like a product landing page. As we start to scroll down, the camera is start to scroll down, the camera is start to scroll down, the camera is revealed. And as we continue to scroll revealed. And as we continue to scroll revealed. And as we continue to scroll more, we get dynamic text that comes more, we get dynamic text that comes more, we get dynamic text that comes through as well as the actual camera through as well as the actual camera through as well as the actual camera animation starting. And the crazy part animation starting. And the crazy part animation starting. And the crazy part is I didn't give it any of the copy. I is I didn't give it any of the copy. I is I didn't give it any of the copy. I didn't give it a color scheme. I didn't didn't give it a color scheme. I didn't didn't give it a color scheme. I didn't give it any information about the give it any information about the give it any information about the product. Obviously, you could, but what product. Obviously, you could, but what product. Obviously, you could, but what it will do is it will just basically it will do is it will just basically it will do is it will just basically create this for you and then you can go create this for you and then you can go create this for you and then you can go ahead and make the tweaks that you need. ahead and make the tweaks that you need. ahead and make the tweaks that you need. So, the two skills that you're going to So, the two skills that you're going to So, the two skills that you're going to need to go grab are the front-end design need to go grab are the front-end design need to go grab are the front-end design skill, which is the one that I grabbed skill, which is the one that I grabbed skill, which is the one that I grabbed from Anthropic. It was an official from Anthropic. It was an official from Anthropic. It was an official skill, but I changed it a little bit. skill, but I changed it a little bit. skill, but I changed it a little bit. So, this is like kind of my version of So, this is like kind of my version of So, this is like kind of my version of the front-end design skill for this the front-end design skill for this the front-end design skill for this specific use case. And then you're also specific use case. And then you're also specific use case. And then you're also going to need to go get the video to going to need to go get the video to going to need to go get the video to website skill. So, both of these skills website skill. So, both of these skills website skill. So, both of these skills are literally just markdown files. are literally just markdown files. are literally just markdown files. They're markdown files that I've worked They're markdown files that I've worked They're markdown files that I've worked on that tell Claude Code the best on that tell Claude Code the best on that tell Claude Code the best practices for creating these animated 3D practices for creating these animated 3D practices for creating these animated 3D websites. And you can get these skills websites. And you can get these skills websites. And you can get these skills for completely free by going to my free for completely free by going to my free for completely free by going to my free school community. The link for that is school community. The link for that is school community. The link for that is down in the description. You'll go to down in the description. You'll go to down in the description. You'll go to the classroom, you'll go to the skills the classroom, you'll go to the skills the classroom, you'll go to the skills section, and you'll be able to find all section, and you'll be able to find all section, and you'll be able to find all of them right in there. And literally of them right in there. And literally of them right in there. And literally all you'd have to do is take them from all you'd have to do is take them from all you'd have to do is take them from your downloads folder, drag them over your downloads folder, drag them over your downloads folder, drag them over here to the lefth hand side, and then here to the lefth hand side, and then here to the lefth hand side, and then just basically tell Claude, "Hey, set up just basically tell Claude, "Hey, set up just basically tell Claude, "Hey, set up this folder." So I've got myclaude. this folder." So I've got myclaude. this folder." So I've got myclaude. Within that claude, I've got a skills Within that claude, I've got a skills Within that claude, I've got a skills folder. And then within that skills folder. And then within that skills folder. And then within that skills folder, here are my two skills I need folder, here are my two skills I need folder, here are my two skills I need you to use. And it should look something you to use. And it should look something you to use. And it should look something like this on the lefth hand side. Now, like this on the lefth hand side. Now, like this on the lefth hand side. Now, before you get too overwhelmed, if before you get too overwhelmed, if before you get too overwhelmed, if you've never used Cloud Code before, you've never used Cloud Code before, you've never used Cloud Code before, it's super simple. Right here, we have it's super simple. Right here, we have it's super simple. Right here, we have our actual agent that we talk to and our actual agent that we talk to and our actual agent that we talk to and have conversations with. And over here, have conversations with. And over here, have conversations with. And over here, we just have folders. So, I just showed we just have folders. So, I just showed we just have folders. So, I just showed you where the skills live, which is in a you where the skills live, which is in a you where the skills live, which is in a docloud folder within a skills folder. docloud folder within a skills folder. docloud folder within a skills folder. But then the other stuff in here is But then the other stuff in here is But then the other stuff in here is super simple. Here are all the video super simple. Here are all the video super simple. Here are all the video files that I've used to make the files that I've used to make the files that I've used to make the previous websites. And then for each previous websites. And then for each previous websites. And then for each website, it created its own folder. So, website, it created its own folder. So, website, it created its own folder. So, for the camera website, it has all this for the camera website, it has all this for the camera website, it has all this information. For the watch website, it information. For the watch website, it information. For the watch website, it has all this information. And for the has all this information. And for the has all this information. And for the Yeti website, it has all that Yeti website, it has all that Yeti website, it has all that information as well. But anyways, if you information as well. But anyways, if you information as well. But anyways, if you just follow the steps that I take in just follow the steps that I take in just follow the steps that I take in this video, it will all make sense and this video, it will all make sense and this video, it will all make sense and you will get a nice output. And by the you will get a nice output. And by the you will get a nice output. And by the way, if that's a bit confusing, then way, if that's a bit confusing, then way, if that's a bit confusing, then definitely go check out my skills video, definitely go check out my skills video, definitely go check out my skills video, which I will tag right up here. And then which I will tag right up here. And then which I will tag right up here. And then once you understand that, hop right back once you understand that, hop right back once you understand that, hop right back over here. All right, so I'm going to over here. All right, so I'm going to over here. All right, so I'm going to walk you guys through this process step walk you guys through this process step walk you guys through this process step by step so you can see exactly what I by step so you can see exactly what I by step so you can see exactly what I did to create these really cool did to create these really cool did to create these really cool animations. And what you need to animations. And what you need to animations. And what you need to understand is that all of these understand is that all of these understand is that all of these animations that you're seeing on the animations that you're seeing on the animations that you're seeing on the site and all the other ones that I've site and all the other ones that I've site and all the other ones that I've shown, they're just videos. And so all I shown, they're just videos. And so all I shown, they're just videos. And so all I did here was had Nano Banana generate did here was had Nano Banana generate did here was had Nano Banana generate two different images for me and then two different images for me and then two different images for me and then turn it into a video. So, for example, turn it into a video. So, for example, turn it into a video. So, for example, that first one with the Apple Watch is that first one with the Apple Watch is that first one with the Apple Watch is just the Apple Watch kind of opening up just the Apple Watch kind of opening up just the Apple Watch kind of opening up and then exposing all of its layers. And and then exposing all of its layers. And and then exposing all of its layers. And then when I wanted it to close back up, then when I wanted it to close back up, then when I wanted it to close back up, I just prompted it to do the opposite. I just prompted it to do the opposite. I just prompted it to do the opposite. And now we have the second one where it And now we have the second one where it And now we have the second one where it goes from that end frame and then kind goes from that end frame and then kind goes from that end frame and then kind of like folds back in on itself and of like folds back in on itself and of like folds back in on itself and reveals the Apple Watch. So, now that reveals the Apple Watch. So, now that reveals the Apple Watch. So, now that you understand how simple this really you understand how simple this really you understand how simple this really is, let's go over to Nano Banana and is, let's go over to Nano Banana and is, let's go over to Nano Banana and start making some images. Okay, so the start making some images. Okay, so the start making some images. Okay, so the way that I like to use Nano Banana, way that I like to use Nano Banana, way that I like to use Nano Banana, whether I'm doing it in a playground whether I'm doing it in a playground whether I'm doing it in a playground like this or over API, is with key.ai AI like this or over API, is with key.ai AI like this or over API, is with key.ai AI because I found that it's really fast because I found that it's really fast because I found that it's really fast and it's like really cheap. So I went to and it's like really cheap. So I went to and it's like really cheap. So I went to Nano Banana 2, the new version of Nano Nano Banana 2, the new version of Nano Nano Banana 2, the new version of Nano Banana, and I came in here and did a Banana, and I came in here and did a Banana, and I came in here and did a 16x9 aspect ratio image, and I said, I 16x9 aspect ratio image, and I said, I 16x9 aspect ratio image, and I said, I need a professional studio grade image need a professional studio grade image need a professional studio grade image of a blender. It should be against a of a blender. It should be against a of a blender. It should be against a plain all black background with no plain all black background with no plain all black background with no shadows, no hands, no reflections. And shadows, no hands, no reflections. And shadows, no hands, no reflections. And this is essentially going to be our this is essentially going to be our this is essentially going to be our start frame when we make that actual start frame when we make that actual start frame when we make that actual video. So then I saved that output, video. So then I saved that output, video. So then I saved that output, dropped it in here as an image input and dropped it in here as an image input and dropped it in here as an image input and I just said the exact same prompt, but I just said the exact same prompt, but I just said the exact same prompt, but this time it should be filled with fruit this time it should be filled with fruit this time it should be filled with fruit and juice. So now we have our start and juice. So now we have our start and juice. So now we have our start frame over here and our end frame and we frame over here and our end frame and we frame over here and our end frame and we just need to animate it so that it just need to animate it so that it just need to animate it so that it actually looks like fruit and juice is actually looks like fruit and juice is actually looks like fruit and juice is you know being dropped and poured in. So you know being dropped and poured in. So you know being dropped and poured in. So then I found the best results using then I found the best results using then I found the best results using cling 3.0 which once again you can also cling 3.0 which once again you can also cling 3.0 which once again you can also access in this key.ai. So we give it the access in this key.ai. So we give it the access in this key.ai. So we give it the start frame, we give it the end frame start frame, we give it the end frame start frame, we give it the end frame and here's what I did for my prompt. I and here's what I did for my prompt. I and here's what I did for my prompt. I actually went over to Claude and I gave actually went over to Claude and I gave actually went over to Claude and I gave it the start and end frame and said, it the start and end frame and said, it the start and end frame and said, "Help me make an AI video prompt where I "Help me make an AI video prompt where I "Help me make an AI video prompt where I want the lid to float off. I want fruit want the lid to float off. I want fruit want the lid to float off. I want fruit and juice to be dropped in. And then I and juice to be dropped in. And then I and juice to be dropped in. And then I want the lid to be put back on. No want the lid to be put back on. No want the lid to be put back on. No shadows, no hands, no reflections." It shadows, no hands, no reflections." It shadows, no hands, no reflections." It spits out this prompt. I put that into spits out this prompt. I put that into spits out this prompt. I put that into Cling. And here's the result. I haven't Cling. And here's the result. I haven't Cling. And here's the result. I haven't watched this yet, so hopefully it's watched this yet, so hopefully it's watched this yet, so hopefully it's good. Okay. Interesting. I mean, obviously, we Okay. Interesting. I mean, obviously, we Okay. Interesting. I mean, obviously, we maybe want to fix that a little bit, but maybe want to fix that a little bit, but maybe want to fix that a little bit, but I'm fine with that for the sake of the I'm fine with that for the sake of the I'm fine with that for the sake of the demo. the fruit and juice kind of just demo. the fruit and juice kind of just demo. the fruit and juice kind of just magically appear from nowhere and now magically appear from nowhere and now magically appear from nowhere and now they're in the blender. Okay, so I they're in the blender. Okay, so I they're in the blender. Okay, so I downloaded that video. I'm just going to downloaded that video. I'm just going to downloaded that video. I'm just going to drag it over here to the lefth hand side drag it over here to the lefth hand side drag it over here to the lefth hand side and you can see right now that this and you can see right now that this and you can see right now that this video that cloud code is looking at is video that cloud code is looking at is video that cloud code is looking at is the exact one that we just generated the exact one that we just generated the exact one that we just generated together. So this is what it's going to together. So this is what it's going to together. So this is what it's going to use. It's basically going to take that use. It's basically going to take that use. It's basically going to take that video, pull out like 120 frames or video, pull out like 120 frames or video, pull out like 120 frames or however many frames make up that video however many frames make up that video however many frames make up that video and then it's going to have all of those and then it's going to have all of those and then it's going to have all of those saved. So just as an example, if I go to saved. So just as an example, if I go to saved. So just as an example, if I go to the frames from the watch, you can see the frames from the watch, you can see the frames from the watch, you can see it created over a hundred webp pictures it created over a hundred webp pictures it created over a hundred webp pictures from that actual video. And it's kind of from that actual video. And it's kind of from that actual video. And it's kind of like stopotion animation where each one like stopotion animation where each one like stopotion animation where each one just changes a little bit and as you go just changes a little bit and as you go just changes a little bit and as you go through the actual video starts to form. through the actual video starts to form. through the actual video starts to form. So it basically associates each of these So it basically associates each of these So it basically associates each of these frames with a scroll position. So as you frames with a scroll position. So as you frames with a scroll position. So as you scroll down it kind of like reveals scroll down it kind of like reveals scroll down it kind of like reveals itself or if you scroll backwards it itself or if you scroll backwards it itself or if you scroll backwards it goes the other way. So now I'm going to goes the other way. So now I'm going to goes the other way. So now I'm going to make sure that my agent is on plan mode make sure that my agent is on plan mode make sure that my agent is on plan mode which basically means it won't actually which basically means it won't actually which basically means it won't actually do anything. It'll just read things and do anything. It'll just read things and do anything. It'll just read things and it will help create a plan which is it will help create a plan which is it will help create a plan which is going to result in much better websites going to result in much better websites going to result in much better websites on the first try. All right, so I on the first try. All right, so I on the first try. All right, so I started off by saying I just dropped in started off by saying I just dropped in started off by saying I just dropped in a video called blendercling.mpp4. a video called blendercling.mpp4. a video called blendercling.mpp4. Help me create a one-page product Help me create a one-page product Help me create a one-page product landing page for this product. It should landing page for this product. It should landing page for this product. It should be modern. It should feel very be modern. It should feel very be modern. It should feel very professional. It should have smooth professional. It should have smooth professional. It should have smooth animations and design throughout. All of animations and design throughout. All of animations and design throughout. All of the text should be easy to read. And the the text should be easy to read. And the the text should be easy to read. And the background of the website should be background of the website should be background of the website should be completely black. It should be a dark completely black. It should be a dark completely black. It should be a dark mode. and it should blend into the mode. and it should blend into the mode. and it should blend into the background of the Blender Cling image so background of the Blender Cling image so background of the Blender Cling image so that it looks like it was one, you know, that it looks like it was one, you know, that it looks like it was one, you know, fluid web page. So, if you were really fluid web page. So, if you were really fluid web page. So, if you were really doing this for a product or for a doing this for a product or for a doing this for a product or for a business, you'd probably want to prompt business, you'd probably want to prompt business, you'd probably want to prompt it with some more information. But, I'm it with some more information. But, I'm it with some more information. But, I'm just going to show you guys for now how just going to show you guys for now how just going to show you guys for now how this works. I'm going to shoot that off this works. I'm going to shoot that off this works. I'm going to shoot that off in plan mode, and you will see that it in plan mode, and you will see that it in plan mode, and you will see that it naturally comes back and asks me some naturally comes back and asks me some naturally comes back and asks me some questions. Now, if you're wondering how questions. Now, if you're wondering how questions. Now, if you're wondering how I was able to speak right into my cloud I was able to speak right into my cloud I was able to speak right into my cloud code, then check the description for my code, then check the description for my code, then check the description for my tool. Now, one thing you'll notice once tool. Now, one thing you'll notice once tool. Now, one thing you'll notice once you read through the way that this works you read through the way that this works you read through the way that this works is that you will have to have FFmpeg, is that you will have to have FFmpeg, is that you will have to have FFmpeg, which basically just extracts frames which basically just extracts frames which basically just extracts frames from videos. It's a free tool, and if from videos. It's a free tool, and if from videos. It's a free tool, and if you don't have it installed, Claude Code you don't have it installed, Claude Code you don't have it installed, Claude Code will help you install it. It'll just do will help you install it. It'll just do will help you install it. It'll just do it for you, so don't worry about that. it for you, so don't worry about that. it for you, so don't worry about that. But now, you can see it's asking us some But now, you can see it's asking us some But now, you can see it's asking us some questions. So, the first one is, what is questions. So, the first one is, what is questions. So, the first one is, what is the product name and brand for this the product name and brand for this the product name and brand for this blender? And I'm just going to go ahead blender? And I'm just going to go ahead blender? And I'm just going to go ahead and say create fictional branding, just and say create fictional branding, just and say create fictional branding, just like it did for the Vanta 1, which was like it did for the Vanta 1, which was like it did for the Vanta 1, which was the camera website. Then it says, what the camera website. Then it says, what the camera website. Then it says, what kind of content sections do you want? kind of content sections do you want? kind of content sections do you want? I'm just going to go with the full I'm just going to go with the full I'm just going to go with the full premium, which is what we've been doing premium, which is what we've been doing premium, which is what we've been doing for the other example sites. But of for the other example sites. But of for the other example sites. But of course, this is where you could course, this is where you could course, this is where you could customize it a little bit to fit your customize it a little bit to fit your customize it a little bit to fit your needs. And if you've never used Cloud needs. And if you've never used Cloud needs. And if you've never used Cloud Code before, what's happening here is Code before, what's happening here is Code before, what's happening here is you are basically able to look at you are basically able to look at you are basically able to look at everything that Cloud Code is thinking everything that Cloud Code is thinking everything that Cloud Code is thinking and doing. You can see a task, you can and doing. You can see a task, you can and doing. You can see a task, you can see a glob, you can see what it's see a glob, you can see what it's see a glob, you can see what it's reading, and you'll see later when it reading, and you'll see later when it reading, and you'll see later when it actually starts implementing things, actually starts implementing things, actually starts implementing things, it'll create itself a task list or a it'll create itself a task list or a it'll create itself a task list or a to-do list, and you can actually watch to-do list, and you can actually watch to-do list, and you can actually watch it fulfill those to-dos. So, it's really it fulfill those to-dos. So, it's really it fulfill those to-dos. So, it's really cool. Okay, so now we at the point where cool. Okay, so now we at the point where cool. Okay, so now we at the point where the plan is done. We've got Obsidian the plan is done. We've got Obsidian the plan is done. We've got Obsidian Vortex premium blender landing page. Vortex premium blender landing page. Vortex premium blender landing page. We've got the brand identity here. So, We've got the brand identity here. So, We've got the brand identity here. So, Obsidian, Obsidian Vortex. The tagline Obsidian, Obsidian Vortex. The tagline Obsidian, Obsidian Vortex. The tagline is annihilate everything. The accent is annihilate everything. The accent is annihilate everything. The accent color is blood red. And we've got fonts. color is blood red. And we've got fonts. color is blood red. And we've got fonts. We've got the video details, We've got the video details, We've got the video details, implementation steps. So, here is the implementation steps. So, here is the implementation steps. So, here is the ffmpeg thing I was talking about. That ffmpeg thing I was talking about. That ffmpeg thing I was talking about. That will extract the actual frames. Then it will extract the actual frames. Then it will extract the actual frames. Then it will build the HTML. Then it will create will build the HTML. Then it will create will build the HTML. Then it will create all these different sections. It will all these different sections. It will all these different sections. It will build the CSS. It'll build the JS. And build the CSS. It'll build the JS. And build the CSS. It'll build the JS. And then it will test locally. So, before then it will test locally. So, before then it will test locally. So, before this actually goes anywhere on the web, this actually goes anywhere on the web, this actually goes anywhere on the web, we will test it right here. And then if we will test it right here. And then if we will test it right here. And then if we're good with it, we can push it to we're good with it, we can push it to we're good with it, we can push it to the web. And I'll show you guys that at the web. And I'll show you guys that at the web. And I'll show you guys that at the end of the video. So I'm actually the end of the video. So I'm actually the end of the video. So I'm actually just going to make one more suggestion just going to make one more suggestion just going to make one more suggestion and then we'll let it start building. I and then we'll let it start building. I and then we'll let it start building. I want to say this looks pretty much want to say this looks pretty much want to say this looks pretty much there. There's one thing that I forgot there. There's one thing that I forgot there. There's one thing that I forgot to mention, which is that I want the to mention, which is that I want the to mention, which is that I want the product video to be kind of right product video to be kind of right product video to be kind of right aligned. So I want it to be on the right aligned. So I want it to be on the right aligned. So I want it to be on the right 2/3 of the page and all the text can be 2/3 of the page and all the text can be 2/3 of the page and all the text can be left aligned. And this is just to show left aligned. And this is just to show left aligned. And this is just to show you that you do have control over the you that you do have control over the you that you do have control over the way it looks. So I'm going to go ahead way it looks. So I'm going to go ahead way it looks. So I'm going to go ahead and shoot this off. It's going to come and shoot this off. It's going to come and shoot this off. It's going to come back with another plan and I'm going to back with another plan and I'm going to back with another plan and I'm going to accept it and then I'll check in with accept it and then I'll check in with accept it and then I'll check in with you guys when we have our first you guys when we have our first you guys when we have our first iteration of this website done. And by iteration of this website done. And by iteration of this website done. And by the way, now that I've accepted the the way, now that I've accepted the the way, now that I've accepted the plan, I put it in bypass permissions plan, I put it in bypass permissions plan, I put it in bypass permissions mode so that it can just continue to run mode so that it can just continue to run mode so that it can just continue to run without stopping all the time to ask me without stopping all the time to ask me without stopping all the time to ask me questions. Here is the to-do list that I questions. Here is the to-do list that I questions. Here is the to-do list that I talked about. It's going to go through talked about. It's going to go through talked about. It's going to go through and make sure that all of these are good and make sure that all of these are good and make sure that all of these are good to go. All right, so in just a few to go. All right, so in just a few to go. All right, so in just a few minutes that came back and it says, as minutes that came back and it says, as minutes that came back and it says, as you can see, the site is live at you can see, the site is live at you can see, the site is live at localhost. Open it up in your browser localhost. Open it up in your browser localhost. Open it up in your browser and check it out. So let me go ahead and and check it out. So let me go ahead and and check it out. So let me go ahead and open this up and we will see what we open this up and we will see what we open this up and we will see what we got. So, you just saw the Obsidian got. So, you just saw the Obsidian got. So, you just saw the Obsidian loading. We've got Obsidian Vortex. It loading. We've got Obsidian Vortex. It loading. We've got Obsidian Vortex. It looks really clean so far. Now, let's looks really clean so far. Now, let's looks really clean so far. Now, let's see what happens when I start to scroll see what happens when I start to scroll see what happens when I start to scroll down. So, we see the blender starts to down. So, we see the blender starts to down. So, we see the blender starts to appear. Nice. And as I continue to appear. Nice. And as I continue to appear. Nice. And as I continue to scroll, we have we didn't build another scroll, we have we didn't build another scroll, we have we didn't build another blender. We engineered a force of nature blender. We engineered a force of nature blender. We engineered a force of nature that reduces anything to nothing in that reduces anything to nothing in that reduces anything to nothing in absolute silence. As I keep scrolling, absolute silence. As I keep scrolling, absolute silence. As I keep scrolling, we can see that the fruit is starting to we can see that the fruit is starting to we can see that the fruit is starting to appear. So, we've got meet the obsidian appear. So, we've got meet the obsidian appear. So, we've got meet the obsidian vortex machine from aerospace grade vortex machine from aerospace grade vortex machine from aerospace grade stainless steel blah blah blah. There's stainless steel blah blah blah. There's stainless steel blah blah blah. There's also text in the background as you can also text in the background as you can also text in the background as you can see that says I think it says obliterate see that says I think it says obliterate see that says I think it says obliterate everything. So that's pretty cool. We've everything. So that's pretty cool. We've everything. So that's pretty cool. We've got brushless motor. We've got titanium got brushless motor. We've got titanium got brushless motor. We've got titanium blade array. So that actually kind of blade array. So that actually kind of blade array. So that actually kind of pops in a little bit late as you can pops in a little bit late as you can pops in a little bit late as you can see. As I'm scrolling it pops in a bit see. As I'm scrolling it pops in a bit see. As I'm scrolling it pops in a bit late. This one comes through. And then late. This one comes through. And then late. This one comes through. And then we've got these stats that come up. we've got these stats that come up. we've got these stats that come up. Really nice. And then we have the last Really nice. And then we have the last Really nice. And then we have the last blender you'll ever own. And then I blender you'll ever own. And then I blender you'll ever own. And then I should have the CTA right here which is should have the CTA right here which is should have the CTA right here which is own the force. Pre-order the Obsidian own the force. Pre-order the Obsidian own the force. Pre-order the Obsidian Vortex. So let's just actually think Vortex. So let's just actually think Vortex. So let's just actually think about that. I dropped in a prompt that about that. I dropped in a prompt that about that. I dropped in a prompt that said, "Here's a video. Create a onepage said, "Here's a video. Create a onepage said, "Here's a video. Create a onepage landing page." That was basically it. It landing page." That was basically it. It landing page." That was basically it. It used the skill and it created a plan for used the skill and it created a plan for used the skill and it created a plan for us. And then we actually had a website us. And then we actually had a website us. And then we actually had a website where pretty much everything is perfect. where pretty much everything is perfect. where pretty much everything is perfect. Obviously, there's a few things that we Obviously, there's a few things that we Obviously, there's a few things that we need to iterate upon, but this is super need to iterate upon, but this is super need to iterate upon, but this is super super clean and the animation I think super clean and the animation I think super clean and the animation I think looks really good. But the the biggest looks really good. But the the biggest looks really good. But the the biggest problem that I'm noticing is right here problem that I'm noticing is right here problem that I'm noticing is right here when we scroll to number two feature, we when we scroll to number two feature, we when we scroll to number two feature, we really don't get to see it unless we really don't get to see it unless we really don't get to see it unless we scroll back down. So, what I'm going to scroll back down. So, what I'm going to scroll back down. So, what I'm going to do now is I'm going to go ahead and do now is I'm going to go ahead and do now is I'm going to go ahead and clear this out because we're at 53% clear this out because we're at 53% clear this out because we're at 53% context, so I don't want to mess with context, so I don't want to mess with context, so I don't want to mess with context rot. And I'm going to once again context rot. And I'm going to once again context rot. And I'm going to once again go back into plan mode. All right. So, I go back into plan mode. All right. So, I go back into plan mode. All right. So, I just tested out the Blender website and just tested out the Blender website and just tested out the Blender website and it looks really good. I do have one it looks really good. I do have one it looks really good. I do have one piece of feedback though. When we're piece of feedback though. When we're piece of feedback though. When we're scrolling down and we see the features, scrolling down and we see the features, scrolling down and we see the features, feature number two doesn't actually feature number two doesn't actually feature number two doesn't actually appear until it's basically off the appear until it's basically off the appear until it's basically off the screen. So, we need that to actually screen. So, we need that to actually screen. So, we need that to actually come into view a bit earlier. But come into view a bit earlier. But come into view a bit earlier. But besides that, all the other features, besides that, all the other features, besides that, all the other features, features 1, three, and four are working features 1, three, and four are working features 1, three, and four are working well. So, I'll shoot that off. And while well. So, I'll shoot that off. And while well. So, I'll shoot that off. And while it's coming up with a plan, I just want it's coming up with a plan, I just want it's coming up with a plan, I just want to make sure that that was accurate. to make sure that that was accurate. to make sure that that was accurate. Feature three looks good. And we don't Feature three looks good. And we don't Feature three looks good. And we don't even have feature four. So, hopefully it even have feature four. So, hopefully it even have feature four. So, hopefully it can understand, read through the code, can understand, read through the code, can understand, read through the code, and see what's going on. So, while this and see what's going on. So, while this and see what's going on. So, while this is creating a plan, I thought that I is creating a plan, I thought that I is creating a plan, I thought that I would real quick explain the difference would real quick explain the difference would real quick explain the difference between local host and actually having between local host and actually having between local host and actually having something on the web. Because if you've something on the web. Because if you've something on the web. Because if you've never built a website before in cloud never built a website before in cloud never built a website before in cloud code, that part might not click yet. So, code, that part might not click yet. So, code, that part might not click yet. So, what happens is we kind of have two what happens is we kind of have two what happens is we kind of have two different environments. We've got our different environments. We've got our different environments. We've got our local computer and then we've got the local computer and then we've got the local computer and then we've got the actual cloud. So remember when cloud actual cloud. So remember when cloud actual cloud. So remember when cloud code said, "Hey, cool. Your website's code said, "Hey, cool. Your website's code said, "Hey, cool. Your website's live. You can go ahead and test it on live. You can go ahead and test it on live. You can go ahead and test it on localhost port 51006." localhost port 51006." localhost port 51006." If you right now typed this into your If you right now typed this into your If you right now typed this into your browser, you'd probably get nothing. But browser, you'd probably get nothing. But browser, you'd probably get nothing. But I can type it in because it lives on my I can type it in because it lives on my I can type it in because it lives on my machine locally because what's going on machine locally because what's going on machine locally because what's going on is cloud code is helping us write all of is cloud code is helping us write all of is cloud code is helping us write all of the actual code because that's really the actual code because that's really the actual code because that's really what a website is. It's a bunch of code. what a website is. It's a bunch of code. what a website is. It's a bunch of code. Whether that's HTML or JS or CSS or Whether that's HTML or JS or CSS or Whether that's HTML or JS or CSS or whatever it is, it's code. And so what whatever it is, it's code. And so what whatever it is, it's code. And so what we're doing right now is we're using it we're doing right now is we're using it we're doing right now is we're using it to build code and then we're testing it. to build code and then we're testing it. to build code and then we're testing it. And then we're going back and forth on And then we're going back and forth on And then we're going back and forth on our computer until we're good. And then our computer until we're good. And then our computer until we're good. And then once we actually like the code, we push once we actually like the code, we push once we actually like the code, we push it to somewhere on the cloud so that it it to somewhere on the cloud so that it it to somewhere on the cloud so that it can actually be viewed by other people. can actually be viewed by other people. can actually be viewed by other people. So I'll cover this pipeline once we So I'll cover this pipeline once we So I'll cover this pipeline once we actually get to that stage in the video. actually get to that stage in the video. actually get to that stage in the video. But I thought that I would address this But I thought that I would address this But I thought that I would address this kind of like local thing first real kind of like local thing first real kind of like local thing first real quick. All right. You can see it came quick. All right. You can see it came quick. All right. You can see it came back with a plan to fix the Blender back with a plan to fix the Blender back with a plan to fix the Blender feature number two late appearance. I'm feature number two late appearance. I'm feature number two late appearance. I'm just going to go ahead and accept this. just going to go ahead and accept this. just going to go ahead and accept this. Okay. So it did that really fast. I'm Okay. So it did that really fast. I'm Okay. So it did that really fast. I'm going to click into this website and going to click into this website and going to click into this website and we'll see if that fix has actually been we'll see if that fix has actually been we'll see if that fix has actually been changed. We've got feature one. We've changed. We've got feature one. We've changed. We've got feature one. We've got feature two. There we go. And we've got feature two. There we go. And we've got feature two. There we go. And we've got feature three. And everything else got feature three. And everything else got feature three. And everything else still looks intact with the site. So all still looks intact with the site. So all still looks intact with the site. So all of the magic that's happening here is of the magic that's happening here is of the magic that's happening here is once again within the skill that I once again within the skill that I once again within the skill that I built. So it is the video to website built. So it is the video to website built. So it is the video to website skill. If I open this up, this is skill. If I open this up, this is skill. If I open this up, this is basically just a markdown file and it basically just a markdown file and it basically just a markdown file and it says turn a video into a premium scroll says turn a video into a premium scroll says turn a video into a premium scroll driven animated website. So this is driven animated website. So this is driven animated website. So this is where all the secret sauce really lives where all the secret sauce really lives where all the secret sauce really lives on how it actually does this. I know on how it actually does this. I know on how it actually does this. I know that this is a pretty beefy skill, but that this is a pretty beefy skill, but that this is a pretty beefy skill, but hey, I mean, it seems to be working hey, I mean, it seems to be working hey, I mean, it seems to be working pretty well. And what you can do now is pretty well. And what you can do now is pretty well. And what you can do now is every time you're using this skill to every time you're using this skill to every time you're using this skill to build websites, you would just say, build websites, you would just say, build websites, you would just say, "Awesome. Here's what I told you to fix. "Awesome. Here's what I told you to fix. "Awesome. Here's what I told you to fix. Here's what I like. Here's what I don't Here's what I like. Here's what I don't Here's what I like. Here's what I don't like. Make sure that all of this is like. Make sure that all of this is like. Make sure that all of this is reflected on the skill.md." So reflected on the skill.md." So reflected on the skill.md." So essentially, every single time that you essentially, every single time that you essentially, every single time that you build a website with this skill, the build a website with this skill, the build a website with this skill, the skill gets better and better and better. skill gets better and better and better. skill gets better and better and better. Now, we have our code that we like, and Now, we have our code that we like, and Now, we have our code that we like, and it's time to push it over here. So, what it's time to push it over here. So, what it's time to push it over here. So, what we need to do is we're going to use a we need to do is we're going to use a we need to do is we're going to use a combination of GitHub and Versel. GitHub combination of GitHub and Versel. GitHub combination of GitHub and Versel. GitHub basically just lets us store code. So basically just lets us store code. So basically just lets us store code. So basically the same way you would have basically the same way you would have basically the same way you would have maybe like a word file locally on your maybe like a word file locally on your maybe like a word file locally on your computer. If you wanted other people to computer. If you wanted other people to computer. If you wanted other people to be able to use that, you would have to be able to use that, you would have to be able to use that, you would have to put that on one drive or you know uh put that on one drive or you know uh put that on one drive or you know uh Google doc so that other people could Google doc so that other people could Google doc so that other people could look at the different versions and look at the different versions and look at the different versions and collaborate on it. And then what happens collaborate on it. And then what happens collaborate on it. And then what happens is we sync up Verscell to our GitHub so is we sync up Verscell to our GitHub so is we sync up Verscell to our GitHub so that we can actually deploy that code that we can actually deploy that code that we can actually deploy that code onto a real URL so that it's no longer onto a real URL so that it's no longer onto a real URL so that it's no longer just like a local host URL. First thing just like a local host URL. First thing just like a local host URL. First thing you want to do is go over to GitHub and you want to do is go over to GitHub and you want to do is go over to GitHub and create an account. It's completely free create an account. It's completely free create an account. It's completely free and it has been around for tons and tons and it has been around for tons and tons and it has been around for tons and tons of years. It is a industry standard for of years. It is a industry standard for of years. It is a industry standard for code. And then the second thing that code. And then the second thing that code. And then the second thing that you're going to do is go over to you're going to do is go over to you're going to do is go over to Verscell and create an account over here Verscell and create an account over here Verscell and create an account over here as well. So what's cool is we can as well. So what's cool is we can as well. So what's cool is we can basically have cloud code do this entire basically have cloud code do this entire basically have cloud code do this entire pipeline for us. It's super super pipeline for us. It's super super pipeline for us. It's super super simple. So if you haven't yet connected simple. So if you haven't yet connected simple. So if you haven't yet connected your cloud code to your GitHub, you your cloud code to your GitHub, you your cloud code to your GitHub, you would just come in here, maybe clear out would just come in here, maybe clear out would just come in here, maybe clear out the conversation and say help me connect the conversation and say help me connect the conversation and say help me connect to GitHub so that I can push this code to GitHub so that I can push this code to GitHub so that I can push this code base to my GitHub repository. And what base to my GitHub repository. And what base to my GitHub repository. And what it can do is it can help you basically it can do is it can help you basically it can do is it can help you basically use the CLI to authenticate. Meaning it use the CLI to authenticate. Meaning it use the CLI to authenticate. Meaning it will basically just have a popup for you will basically just have a popup for you will basically just have a popup for you and all you have to do is sign in. It's and all you have to do is sign in. It's and all you have to do is sign in. It's super simple. So here you can see it super simple. So here you can see it super simple. So here you can see it says you're already authenticated with says you're already authenticated with says you're already authenticated with GitHub as Nate Herkai. Nice. Now the GitHub as Nate Herkai. Nice. Now the GitHub as Nate Herkai. Nice. Now the next step is to say awesome. Now let's next step is to say awesome. Now let's next step is to say awesome. Now let's go ahead and create a new GitHub go ahead and create a new GitHub go ahead and create a new GitHub repository for me. You can just call it repository for me. You can just call it repository for me. You can just call it blender- website and push the codebase blender- website and push the codebase blender- website and push the codebase for the Blender website into that for the Blender website into that for the Blender website into that repository. Now because we're pushing repository. Now because we're pushing repository. Now because we're pushing something to GitHub and because it's something to GitHub and because it's something to GitHub and because it's going to go on the web, this is where going to go on the web, this is where going to go on the web, this is where you'd want to be careful if you had like you'd want to be careful if you had like you'd want to be careful if you had like API keys or anything sensitive in there. API keys or anything sensitive in there. API keys or anything sensitive in there. In this case, we have literally nothing In this case, we have literally nothing In this case, we have literally nothing to worry about, but that is something to worry about, but that is something to worry about, but that is something just to keep in mind. All right, nice. just to keep in mind. All right, nice. just to keep in mind. All right, nice. So, your Blender website is now live on So, your Blender website is now live on So, your Blender website is now live on GitHub. Here's everything that it did. GitHub. Here's everything that it did. GitHub. Here's everything that it did. And it also says if you want to connect And it also says if you want to connect And it also says if you want to connect this to Verscell for auto deploys, you this to Verscell for auto deploys, you this to Verscell for auto deploys, you can import the repo from the Versell can import the repo from the Versell can import the repo from the Versell dashboard. So, first let's just check in dashboard. So, first let's just check in dashboard. So, first let's just check in on this GitHub repo. We can see that on this GitHub repo. We can see that on this GitHub repo. We can see that this has been set up. We have one this has been set up. We have one this has been set up. We have one commit, which is the one that we just commit, which is the one that we just commit, which is the one that we just did. And that's important because every did. And that's important because every did. And that's important because every time we make a change, we can see time we make a change, we can see time we make a change, we can see exactly what happened to the code here. exactly what happened to the code here. exactly what happened to the code here. Now, what you'll notice is that this is Now, what you'll notice is that this is Now, what you'll notice is that this is a public repository. You could go into a public repository. You could go into a public repository. You could go into the settings and you could make this the settings and you could make this the settings and you could make this private and it would still be able to private and it would still be able to private and it would still be able to auto deploy to Verscell, no problem. And auto deploy to Verscell, no problem. And auto deploy to Verscell, no problem. And now that we're in Versell, all I have to now that we're in Versell, all I have to now that we're in Versell, all I have to do is come here to projects and click on do is come here to projects and click on do is come here to projects and click on add new. And then what you'll notice is add new. And then what you'll notice is add new. And then what you'll notice is right here because I've signed into right here because I've signed into right here because I've signed into Verscell with my GitHub, it says import Verscell with my GitHub, it says import Verscell with my GitHub, it says import GitHub repository. And all I can do is GitHub repository. And all I can do is GitHub repository. And all I can do is choose right here blender- website. choose right here blender- website. choose right here blender- website. Click import. And this is automatically Click import. And this is automatically Click import. And this is automatically just going to build up this site for us. just going to build up this site for us. just going to build up this site for us. So I'll hit deploy. And then we'll let So I'll hit deploy. And then we'll let So I'll hit deploy. And then we'll let this spin up. And I'll show you guys this spin up. And I'll show you guys this spin up. And I'll show you guys that this is now accessible on the web. that this is now accessible on the web. that this is now accessible on the web. Awesome. So, you just deployed a new Awesome. So, you just deployed a new Awesome. So, you just deployed a new project to Nate Her projects. Let's go project to Nate Her projects. Let's go project to Nate Her projects. Let's go ahead and continue into the dashboard ahead and continue into the dashboard ahead and continue into the dashboard here. All right. So, something here. All right. So, something here. All right. So, something interesting just happened and I'm glad interesting just happened and I'm glad interesting just happened and I'm glad it did so I can show you guys how to fix it did so I can show you guys how to fix it did so I can show you guys how to fix it. So, our project is now here on it. So, our project is now here on it. So, our project is now here on Versell and when I click into the Versell and when I click into the Versell and when I click into the domain, everything seems to load up, domain, everything seems to load up, domain, everything seems to load up, right? Right. We've got Obsidian Vortex. right? Right. We've got Obsidian Vortex. right? Right. We've got Obsidian Vortex. We see the animations come through, but We see the animations come through, but We see the animations come through, but as I start to scroll, where's our as I start to scroll, where's our as I start to scroll, where's our Blender? We still get the text coming Blender? We still get the text coming Blender? We still get the text coming through. We still get all these through. We still get all these through. We still get all these animations that we were looking for, but animations that we were looking for, but animations that we were looking for, but our Blender is not there. So what our Blender is not there. So what our Blender is not there. So what happened was when it pushed this GitHub happened was when it pushed this GitHub happened was when it pushed this GitHub repo, it excluded the frames. So if I repo, it excluded the frames. So if I repo, it excluded the frames. So if I come over to the lefth hand side and we come over to the lefth hand side and we come over to the lefth hand side and we go to our Blender project and we open up go to our Blender project and we open up go to our Blender project and we open up the frames, you can see that all of the frames, you can see that all of the frames, you can see that all of these were grayed out, which basically these were grayed out, which basically these were grayed out, which basically means everything got pushed to GitHub in means everything got pushed to GitHub in means everything got pushed to GitHub in this folder except for the frames, which this folder except for the frames, which this folder except for the frames, which means when the site tries to render it, means when the site tries to render it, means when the site tries to render it, there's no frames to actually render. So there's no frames to actually render. So there's no frames to actually render. So what I did is I said, "Okay, that didn't what I did is I said, "Okay, that didn't what I did is I said, "Okay, that didn't work. You need to have the frames in the work. You need to have the frames in the work. You need to have the frames in the codebase so that it can actually use it. codebase so that it can actually use it. codebase so that it can actually use it. Otherwise, the animation just Otherwise, the animation just Otherwise, the animation just disappears." So I told it to update disappears." So I told it to update disappears." So I told it to update those changes, make another push. It those changes, make another push. It those changes, make another push. It fixed that and then basically it came fixed that and then basically it came fixed that and then basically it came back and said okay I did that now the back and said okay I did that now the back and said okay I did that now the frames are in the GitHub repo. If I go frames are in the GitHub repo. If I go frames are in the GitHub repo. If I go to the GitHub repo you can see that we to the GitHub repo you can see that we to the GitHub repo you can see that we now have two commits. If I click into now have two commits. If I click into now have two commits. If I click into the commits you can see nice the second the commits you can see nice the second the commits you can see nice the second one added animation frames for Verscell one added animation frames for Verscell one added animation frames for Verscell deployment. And then in Verscell if I go deployment. And then in Verscell if I go deployment. And then in Verscell if I go to deployments you can see that we had to deployments you can see that we had to deployments you can see that we had two. We had this current one that I two. We had this current one that I two. We had this current one that I rolled back to so I could show you guys rolled back to so I could show you guys rolled back to so I could show you guys and then we have this main production and then we have this main production and then we have this main production one which I could go to and we could one which I could go to and we could one which I could go to and we could actually roll up to this one. So I could actually roll up to this one. So I could actually roll up to this one. So I could click on these three dots and then click click on these three dots and then click click on these three dots and then click on redeploy. And now that I have on redeploy. And now that I have on redeploy. And now that I have redeployed, if I open up this Blender redeployed, if I open up this Blender redeployed, if I open up this Blender website one more time and we come down website one more time and we come down website one more time and we come down and we start to scroll, we can now see and we start to scroll, we can now see and we start to scroll, we can now see that the frames are being rendered and that the frames are being rendered and that the frames are being rendered and we still have all of the animations that we still have all of the animations that we still have all of the animations that we had built. And now the site is we had built. And now the site is we had built. And now the site is actually ready to go. And just to prove actually ready to go. And just to prove actually ready to go. And just to prove to you guys that this really is on the to you guys that this really is on the to you guys that this really is on the cloud, you can see on my phone we have cloud, you can see on my phone we have cloud, you can see on my phone we have the Blender website with the animations. the Blender website with the animations. the Blender website with the animations. Now, obviously, this hasn't been yet Now, obviously, this hasn't been yet Now, obviously, this hasn't been yet optimized for mobile, which would kind optimized for mobile, which would kind optimized for mobile, which would kind of be the next step, but you can see the of be the next step, but you can see the of be the next step, but you can see the animations are still here. And if it animations are still here. And if it animations are still here. And if it hasn't quite stuck yet, here's the hasn't quite stuck yet, here's the hasn't quite stuck yet, here's the advantage of doing it like this. Now advantage of doing it like this. Now advantage of doing it like this. Now that we have our site on the web, which that we have our site on the web, which that we have our site on the web, which maybe customers would be looking at and maybe customers would be looking at and maybe customers would be looking at and interfacing with, what if we wanted to interfacing with, what if we wanted to interfacing with, what if we wanted to change something like the colors or change something like the colors or change something like the colors or maybe even change the animation, we maybe even change the animation, we maybe even change the animation, we don't want to be changing what's don't want to be changing what's don't want to be changing what's actually out there in production in real actually out there in production in real actually out there in production in real time. So, we can change the code, we can time. So, we can change the code, we can time. So, we can change the code, we can test on a local host, and then once test on a local host, and then once test on a local host, and then once we're finally good with it, we push it we're finally good with it, we push it we're finally good with it, we push it to GitHub and then it automatically to GitHub and then it automatically to GitHub and then it automatically syncs to our real domain. So, that way syncs to our real domain. So, that way syncs to our real domain. So, that way we have basically a testing environment, we have basically a testing environment, we have basically a testing environment, a staging environment, and then we have a staging environment, and then we have a staging environment, and then we have our actual production website. And what our actual production website. And what our actual production website. And what you guys saw is that this literally took you guys saw is that this literally took you guys saw is that this literally took me like 30 minutes. And obviously if I me like 30 minutes. And obviously if I me like 30 minutes. And obviously if I spend another 30 minutes, the site could spend another 30 minutes, the site could spend another 30 minutes, the site could be like five times better. And this is be like five times better. And this is be like five times better. And this is crazy because there's so many businesses crazy because there's so many businesses crazy because there's so many businesses out there, whether they're local in your out there, whether they're local in your out there, whether they're local in your area or you know, you look online that area or you know, you look online that area or you know, you look online that have horrible websites because they have horrible websites because they have horrible websites because they don't want to prioritize it or they don't want to prioritize it or they don't want to prioritize it or they don't want to pay some web design agency don't want to pay some web design agency don't want to pay some web design agency tens of thousands of dollars for a new tens of thousands of dollars for a new tens of thousands of dollars for a new website. That could also take website. That could also take website. That could also take potentially months. Whereas what you potentially months. Whereas what you potentially months. Whereas what you could do is you could find prospects. could do is you could find prospects. could do is you could find prospects. You could find some sort of niche. So You could find some sort of niche. So You could find some sort of niche. So let's say you want to design websites let's say you want to design websites let's say you want to design websites for blender companies. You could build a for blender companies. You could build a for blender companies. You could build a demo site similar to this, right? Like demo site similar to this, right? Like demo site similar to this, right? Like you could build something like this in you could build something like this in you could build something like this in one day if you sat down and you wanted one day if you sat down and you wanted one day if you sat down and you wanted to make it really really good. And then to make it really really good. And then to make it really really good. And then you email them the link or you walk in you email them the link or you walk in you email them the link or you walk in and you show them and say I can build and you show them and say I can build and you show them and say I can build this for you with your products with this for you with your products with this for you with your products with your copy and I can get that to you in 2 your copy and I can get that to you in 2 your copy and I can get that to you in 2 days and I can charge you know $5 to days and I can charge you know $5 to days and I can charge you know $5 to $10,000 which is a lot cheaper than they $10,000 which is a lot cheaper than they $10,000 which is a lot cheaper than they might get with other vendors. And then might get with other vendors. And then might get with other vendors. And then of course on top of that you could do of course on top of that you could do of course on top of that you could do monthly hosting, you could have monthly hosting, you could have monthly hosting, you could have maintenance which is recurring revenue, maintenance which is recurring revenue, maintenance which is recurring revenue, but it also ensures for them that if but it also ensures for them that if but it also ensures for them that if they need any different features, you they need any different features, you they need any different features, you can fix that codebase and you can push can fix that codebase and you can push can fix that codebase and you can push that all up there because you understand that all up there because you understand that all up there because you understand how this all works now. So maybe you how this all works now. So maybe you how this all works now. So maybe you don't like the style of how I'm doing don't like the style of how I'm doing don't like the style of how I'm doing this with the different, you know, text this with the different, you know, text this with the different, you know, text coming through and maybe like this coming through and maybe like this coming through and maybe like this animation overlay thing, then just animation overlay thing, then just animation overlay thing, then just update the skill so that your cloud code update the skill so that your cloud code update the skill so that your cloud code doesn't actually do that. And once you doesn't actually do that. And once you doesn't actually do that. And once you now actually understand how all we're now actually understand how all we're now actually understand how all we're doing is we're turning videos into a doing is we're turning videos into a doing is we're turning videos into a bunch of frames and then having it bunch of frames and then having it bunch of frames and then having it scroll through, you'll be able to do so scroll through, you'll be able to do so scroll through, you'll be able to do so much more because it doesn't just have much more because it doesn't just have much more because it doesn't just have to be product spinning or you know X-ray to be product spinning or you know X-ray to be product spinning or you know X-ray vision. It can be words. It can be like vision. It can be words. It can be like vision. It can be words. It can be like walking. It can be whatever you want. walking. It can be whatever you want. walking. It can be whatever you want. You can also you can go to this website You can also you can go to this website You can also you can go to this website awards with three Ws for some awards with three Ws for some awards with three Ws for some inspiration on animations. It is super inspiration on animations. It is super inspiration on animations. It is super super cool what people are doing here. super cool what people are doing here. super cool what people are doing here. So Cloud Code is insanely smart. We've So Cloud Code is insanely smart. We've So Cloud Code is insanely smart. We've got Opus that's kind of behind the got Opus that's kind of behind the got Opus that's kind of behind the scenes. It's the chat model that runs scenes. It's the chat model that runs scenes. It's the chat model that runs all of the, you know, thinking and all of the, you know, thinking and all of the, you know, thinking and planning and coding, but it's limited planning and coding, but it's limited planning and coding, but it's limited because without having, you know, web because without having, you know, web because without having, you know, web search or without having APIs or other search or without having APIs or other search or without having APIs or other elements of bringing in live data or elements of bringing in live data or elements of bringing in live data or your specific data, it's going to be your specific data, it's going to be your specific data, it's going to be very general. So, this section I'm just very general. So, this section I'm just very general. So, this section I'm just going to show you a few tips and tricks going to show you a few tips and tricks going to show you a few tips and tricks when it comes to using things like APIs when it comes to using things like APIs when it comes to using things like APIs and MCP servers. So, let's go ahead and and MCP servers. So, let's go ahead and and MCP servers. So, let's go ahead and jump straight in. Today, I'm going to jump straight in. Today, I'm going to jump straight in. Today, I'm going to show you guys how you can take any show you guys how you can take any show you guys how you can take any website and turn it into LM ready data website and turn it into LM ready data website and turn it into LM ready data in seconds. We're going to be able to in seconds. We're going to be able to in seconds. We're going to be able to take any website and fully scrape take any website and fully scrape take any website and fully scrape everything from it. We can get all the everything from it. We can get all the everything from it. We can get all the screenshots, the branding. We can map screenshots, the branding. We can map screenshots, the branding. We can map out the entire site. We can extract the out the entire site. We can extract the out the entire site. We can extract the data in any form we want. We can pretty data in any form we want. We can pretty data in any form we want. We can pretty much do it all. And we're going to be much do it all. And we're going to be much do it all. And we're going to be doing all of this through cloud code doing all of this through cloud code doing all of this through cloud code using a tool called Firecrawl, which I'm using a tool called Firecrawl, which I'm using a tool called Firecrawl, which I'm sure you guys might have heard of sure you guys might have heard of sure you guys might have heard of before. So, within Firecrawl, there's a before. So, within Firecrawl, there's a before. So, within Firecrawl, there's a lot of different things that we can do. lot of different things that we can do. lot of different things that we can do. We can scrape content, so get everything We can scrape content, so get everything We can scrape content, so get everything from the page. We can map out a site, so from the page. We can map out a site, so from the page. We can map out a site, so get all the different URLs and get all the different URLs and get all the different URLs and understand the architecture of that understand the architecture of that understand the architecture of that website. We can crawl it, so then website. We can crawl it, so then website. We can crawl it, so then explore all of those pages. we can explore all of those pages. we can explore all of those pages. we can actually search. So do like a web search actually search. So do like a web search actually search. So do like a web search first and then scrape the data which first and then scrape the data which first and then scrape the data which means that we can turn pages into means that we can turn pages into means that we can turn pages into structured content for us to use however structured content for us to use however structured content for us to use however we want. Now the thing about this is we want. Now the thing about this is we want. Now the thing about this is there are a lot of different endpoints there are a lot of different endpoints there are a lot of different endpoints to hit if you were doing this through to hit if you were doing this through to hit if you were doing this through traditional like API calls. So we're traditional like API calls. So we're traditional like API calls. So we're going to be using the MCP server for going to be using the MCP server for going to be using the MCP server for firecrawl. We're going to give that to firecrawl. We're going to give that to firecrawl. We're going to give that to claude code so it can figure out based claude code so it can figure out based claude code so it can figure out based on Nate's natural language request which on Nate's natural language request which on Nate's natural language request which of these tools do I invoke and in which of these tools do I invoke and in which of these tools do I invoke and in which order do I use them to actually get the order do I use them to actually get the order do I use them to actually get the end result that he's looking for. So, end result that he's looking for. So, end result that he's looking for. So, just to start off with a quick example, just to start off with a quick example, just to start off with a quick example, I'm going to use Firecrawl in the I'm going to use Firecrawl in the I'm going to use Firecrawl in the playground, which is just on the web on playground, which is just on the web on playground, which is just on the web on firecrawl.dev. You guys can get here firecrawl.dev. You guys can get here firecrawl.dev. You guys can get here using the link in the description. You using the link in the description. You using the link in the description. You can get on the free plan, which is more can get on the free plan, which is more can get on the free plan, which is more than enough to just play around. And than enough to just play around. And than enough to just play around. And then when you're ready to upgrade, use then when you're ready to upgrade, use then when you're ready to upgrade, use the link in the description, and you can the link in the description, and you can the link in the description, and you can get 10% off a plan. But anyways, I'm get 10% off a plan. But anyways, I'm get 10% off a plan. But anyways, I'm going to go to Upai, and I'm going to going to go to Upai, and I'm going to going to go to Upai, and I'm going to copy this URL, paste that in here, and copy this URL, paste that in here, and copy this URL, paste that in here, and I'm going to run a scrape. But first, we I'm going to run a scrape. But first, we I'm going to run a scrape. But first, we have to choose the format. So, by have to choose the format. So, by have to choose the format. So, by default, it'll pretty much say, okay, default, it'll pretty much say, okay, default, it'll pretty much say, okay, we're going to turn this website into we're going to turn this website into we're going to turn this website into markdown for you. But what you could markdown for you. But what you could markdown for you. But what you could also do is get an AI generated summary. also do is get an AI generated summary. also do is get an AI generated summary. You get all the links. You get HTML. You You get all the links. You get HTML. You You get all the links. You get HTML. You could get a screenshot of the full page. could get a screenshot of the full page. could get a screenshot of the full page. You could get the branding scraped so You could get the branding scraped so You could get the branding scraped so you can understand like the logo and the you can understand like the logo and the you can understand like the logo and the images and stuff like that. So I'm going images and stuff like that. So I'm going images and stuff like that. So I'm going to go ahead and start the scrape. And to go ahead and start the scrape. And to go ahead and start the scrape. And what we'll see is it'll pop up down what we'll see is it'll pop up down what we'll see is it'll pop up down below and we'll get all of this data. So below and we'll get all of this data. So below and we'll get all of this data. So that just finished up. We can see first that just finished up. We can see first that just finished up. We can see first of all we have markdowns. So we get the of all we have markdowns. So we get the of all we have markdowns. So we get the actual like hero text. We get all of actual like hero text. We get all of actual like hero text. We get all of this stuff up here. We've got the this stuff up here. We've got the this stuff up here. We've got the process. We have the testimonials, get process. We have the testimonials, get process. We have the testimonials, get in touch, all of this kind of stuff. We in touch, all of this kind of stuff. We in touch, all of this kind of stuff. We have an AI generated summary of what the have an AI generated summary of what the have an AI generated summary of what the business aims to do. We've got a business aims to do. We've got a business aims to do. We've got a screenshot of the entire page. As you screenshot of the entire page. As you screenshot of the entire page. As you can see, we've got branding information. can see, we've got branding information. can see, we've got branding information. So, the OG image, the favicon, the logo, So, the OG image, the favicon, the logo, So, the OG image, the favicon, the logo, colors, typography, stuff like that. And colors, typography, stuff like that. And colors, typography, stuff like that. And then we also have the JSON if for some then we also have the JSON if for some then we also have the JSON if for some reason you're crazy enough to want to reason you're crazy enough to want to reason you're crazy enough to want to read this. So, like I said, we're going read this. So, like I said, we're going read this. So, like I said, we're going to get this into cloud code. So, I'm to get this into cloud code. So, I'm to get this into cloud code. So, I'm going to click on the docs and on the going to click on the docs and on the going to click on the docs and on the right hand side or on the lefth hand right hand side or on the lefth hand right hand side or on the lefth hand side, we can see MCP server right here. side, we can see MCP server right here. side, we can see MCP server right here. And then what we want to look for is And then what we want to look for is And then what we want to look for is running this on cloud code as you can running this on cloud code as you can running this on cloud code as you can see right here. And now this gives us see right here. And now this gives us see right here. And now this gives us basically just this one line to put into basically just this one line to put into basically just this one line to put into cloud code and it will be able to cloud code and it will be able to cloud code and it will be able to install this for us. So I'm just going install this for us. So I'm just going install this for us. So I'm just going to go ahead and copy this. I'm going to to go ahead and copy this. I'm going to to go ahead and copy this. I'm going to go into VS Code and we're going to start go into VS Code and we're going to start go into VS Code and we're going to start up a new project and get everything up a new project and get everything up a new project and get everything initialized. So if you've never actually initialized. So if you've never actually initialized. So if you've never actually been in VS Code or worked with cloud been in VS Code or worked with cloud been in VS Code or worked with cloud code, then I'm going to link a video code, then I'm going to link a video code, then I'm going to link a video right up here. It'll get you caught up right up here. It'll get you caught up right up here. It'll get you caught up and then you can come back over here and then you can come back over here and then you can come back over here when you are ready. So what I'm going to when you are ready. So what I'm going to when you are ready. So what I'm going to do is open up a folder. So I'm just do is open up a folder. So I'm just do is open up a folder. So I'm just going to open up a project called going to open up a project called going to open up a project called scraper. There's nothing in here. It's a scraper. There's nothing in here. It's a scraper. There's nothing in here. It's a completely new project. So this is what completely new project. So this is what completely new project. So this is what your guys' setup should look like. your guys' setup should look like. your guys' setup should look like. Lefthand side, nothing. right-and side, Lefthand side, nothing. right-and side, Lefthand side, nothing. right-and side, open up cloud code. And I'm just going open up cloud code. And I'm just going open up cloud code. And I'm just going to say, "Hey Claude, I want to connect to say, "Hey Claude, I want to connect to say, "Hey Claude, I want to connect to Firecrawl's MCP server." And you can to Firecrawl's MCP server." And you can to Firecrawl's MCP server." And you can do that using this command. But I'm not do that using this command. But I'm not do that using this command. But I'm not going to give you my API key. I'm just going to give you my API key. I'm just going to give you my API key. I'm just going to put it in av. So if you could going to put it in av. So if you could going to put it in av. So if you could create that file for me, I will put my create that file for me, I will put my create that file for me, I will put my API key in there. And then you can go API key in there. And then you can go API key in there. And then you can go ahead and initialize and connect to ahead and initialize and connect to ahead and initialize and connect to Firecrawl's MCP server. All right. So Firecrawl's MCP server. All right. So Firecrawl's MCP server. All right. So that's going to go ahead and get set up that's going to go ahead and get set up that's going to go ahead and get set up for us. You can see we now have av right for us. You can see we now have av right for us. You can see we now have av right here, which is a new file. And this is here, which is a new file. And this is here, which is a new file. And this is basically the best way for us to basically the best way for us to basically the best way for us to securely put in our API keys so that securely put in our API keys so that securely put in our API keys so that they're not being stored in like the they're not being stored in like the they're not being stored in like the conversation history. So I'm going to conversation history. So I'm going to conversation history. So I'm going to delete this. I'm going to go back into delete this. I'm going to go back into delete this. I'm going to go back into firecrawl. I'm going to go to my firecrawl. I'm going to go to my firecrawl. I'm going to go to my dashboard. And right here you can see dashboard. And right here you can see dashboard. And right here you can see there is an MCP integration, but we there is an MCP integration, but we there is an MCP integration, but we wanted to use the cloud code version. wanted to use the cloud code version. wanted to use the cloud code version. And now we can see API key. I'm going to And now we can see API key. I'm going to And now we can see API key. I'm going to go ahead and copy that. Paste in the API go ahead and copy that. Paste in the API go ahead and copy that. Paste in the API key right there. And then I'm going to key right there. And then I'm going to key right there. And then I'm going to do CRL S just to save it. You could also do CRL S just to save it. You could also do CRL S just to save it. You could also go here and click file and then save go here and click file and then save go here and click file and then save right there. And now we can close out of right there. And now we can close out of right there. And now we can close out of that file. My API key has been added that file. My API key has been added that file. My API key has been added tov. go ahead and set up the firecrawl tov. go ahead and set up the firecrawl tov. go ahead and set up the firecrawl mcb server. So now everything should mcb server. So now everything should mcb server. So now everything should have been set up correctly. So I'm going have been set up correctly. So I'm going have been set up correctly. So I'm going to hit control shiftp and I'm going to to hit control shiftp and I'm going to to hit control shiftp and I'm going to say developer reload the window which is say developer reload the window which is say developer reload the window which is just going to actually let cloud code be just going to actually let cloud code be just going to actually let cloud code be able to use this now. So just sending able to use this now. So just sending able to use this now. So just sending off a request to make sure that that off a request to make sure that that off a request to make sure that that actually worked. As you can see it was actually worked. As you can see it was actually worked. As you can see it was able to call the tool and it decided to able to call the tool and it decided to able to call the tool and it decided to use the scrape endpoint rather than you use the scrape endpoint rather than you use the scrape endpoint rather than you know like a map or a crawl. So this is know like a map or a crawl. So this is know like a map or a crawl. So this is the actual like full markdown of the the actual like full markdown of the the actual like full markdown of the website itself. Cool. So the next thing website itself. Cool. So the next thing website itself. Cool. So the next thing I want to do is give our project a I want to do is give our project a I want to do is give our project a little bit more context as to what it's little bit more context as to what it's little bit more context as to what it's actually doing in here. So first of all, actually doing in here. So first of all, actually doing in here. So first of all, what I want to do is create a fire crawl what I want to do is create a fire crawl what I want to do is create a fire crawl MCP guide so that when we ask it MCP guide so that when we ask it MCP guide so that when we ask it something, it understands what are the something, it understands what are the something, it understands what are the tools I have access to and which ones tools I have access to and which ones tools I have access to and which ones should I use for what scenario. So I should I use for what scenario. So I should I use for what scenario. So I said create a firewall cheat sheet as a said create a firewall cheat sheet as a said create a firewall cheat sheet as a markdown file in this project that you markdown file in this project that you markdown file in this project that you can look at and basically it should tell can look at and basically it should tell can look at and basically it should tell you about the different tools and how to you about the different tools and how to you about the different tools and how to use them. So it's going to go ahead and use them. So it's going to go ahead and use them. So it's going to go ahead and create this markdown file for us. All create this markdown file for us. All create this markdown file for us. All right, cool. So, it created that cheat right, cool. So, it created that cheat right, cool. So, it created that cheat sheet as you can see right here. And if sheet as you can see right here. And if sheet as you can see right here. And if I just open up this full screen, you can I just open up this full screen, you can I just open up this full screen, you can see that we've got a quick reference see that we've got a quick reference see that we've got a quick reference guide. We've got the tool overview. And guide. We've got the tool overview. And guide. We've got the tool overview. And then it goes on to actually break down then it goes on to actually break down then it goes on to actually break down how you use each tool. So, this should how you use each tool. So, this should how you use each tool. So, this should hopefully be good enough for now Claude hopefully be good enough for now Claude hopefully be good enough for now Claude to look at whenever we want it to do to look at whenever we want it to do to look at whenever we want it to do something else. It even gave it a quick something else. It even gave it a quick something else. It even gave it a quick little decision guide, which is pretty little decision guide, which is pretty little decision guide, which is pretty nice. Now, finally, before we actually nice. Now, finally, before we actually nice. Now, finally, before we actually start running with this thing is we need start running with this thing is we need start running with this thing is we need a claw.md file, which is basically the a claw.md file, which is basically the a claw.md file, which is basically the system prompts for this project. Hey system prompts for this project. Hey system prompts for this project. Hey Claude, I need you to help me set up a Claude, I need you to help me set up a Claude, I need you to help me set up a claw.md file for this project. I want claw.md file for this project. I want claw.md file for this project. I want this to basically explain that this this to basically explain that this this to basically explain that this project specifically is for scraping project specifically is for scraping project specifically is for scraping data. Whether that is extracting it, data. Whether that is extracting it, data. Whether that is extracting it, getting screenshots, crawling getting screenshots, crawling getting screenshots, crawling everything, mapping everything. You have everything, mapping everything. You have everything, mapping everything. You have access to the firecrawl mcp server to do access to the firecrawl mcp server to do access to the firecrawl mcp server to do everything that you need to do with everything that you need to do with everything that you need to do with websites. And you also have the websites. And you also have the websites. And you also have the firecrol-cheatsheet.mmd firecrol-cheatsheet.mmd firecrol-cheatsheet.mmd which explains how that MCP server works which explains how that MCP server works which explains how that MCP server works and when to use each tool. So I just and when to use each tool. So I just and when to use each tool. So I just shut that off. Now I just did want to shut that off. Now I just did want to shut that off. Now I just did want to say this is a demo, right? So, I'm doing say this is a demo, right? So, I'm doing say this is a demo, right? So, I'm doing this all in bypass permissions mode. But this all in bypass permissions mode. But this all in bypass permissions mode. But in practice, what I would have done is in practice, what I would have done is in practice, what I would have done is went to plan mode, brainstormed with went to plan mode, brainstormed with went to plan mode, brainstormed with Claude a little bit to make sure that it Claude a little bit to make sure that it Claude a little bit to make sure that it agrees with like the way that we're agrees with like the way that we're agrees with like the way that we're setting up all these files and then we'd setting up all these files and then we'd setting up all these files and then we'd go ahead and implement that plan once we go ahead and implement that plan once we go ahead and implement that plan once we are in alignment. But as you can see, we are in alignment. But as you can see, we are in alignment. But as you can see, we now have our claw.md file and this is now have our claw.md file and this is now have our claw.md file and this is basically a scraper project. We have basically a scraper project. We have basically a scraper project. We have some information about what this project some information about what this project some information about what this project does, how to actually use the tool, what does, how to actually use the tool, what does, how to actually use the tool, what to reference. And this document, as you to reference. And this document, as you to reference. And this document, as you can see, is a lot more concise than the can see, is a lot more concise than the can see, is a lot more concise than the cheat sheet. And the reason I wanted to cheat sheet. And the reason I wanted to cheat sheet. And the reason I wanted to separate this is because you don't separate this is because you don't separate this is because you don't actually need this entire cheat sheet to actually need this entire cheat sheet to actually need this entire cheat sheet to be in the claw.mmd file, but now claude be in the claw.mmd file, but now claude be in the claw.mmd file, but now claude knows that it's there in case it ever knows that it's there in case it ever knows that it's there in case it ever needs to use it. Okay, so let's think needs to use it. Okay, so let's think needs to use it. Okay, so let's think about a cool use case that we might about a cool use case that we might about a cool use case that we might actually want to do with something like actually want to do with something like actually want to do with something like firecrawl. So let's say we've got this firecrawl. So let's say we've got this firecrawl. So let's say we've got this remote job website and I search for remote job website and I search for remote job website and I search for content and there's about 1,700 content and there's about 1,700 content and there's about 1,700 different job opportunities here and different job opportunities here and different job opportunities here and there's also I'm assuming not all just there's also I'm assuming not all just there's also I'm assuming not all just on one page. So there's 2, three, four, on one page. So there's 2, three, four, on one page. So there's 2, three, four, maybe even up to 60. So, I'm just going maybe even up to 60. So, I'm just going maybe even up to 60. So, I'm just going to go ahead and copy the URL of this to go ahead and copy the URL of this to go ahead and copy the URL of this first page right here. We're going to go first page right here. We're going to go first page right here. We're going to go into Claude and ask it to help us out into Claude and ask it to help us out into Claude and ask it to help us out with this. Hey, Claude. So, I found this with this. Hey, Claude. So, I found this with this. Hey, Claude. So, I found this website and I've got about 1,700 job website and I've got about 1,700 job website and I've got about 1,700 job opportunities that I want to look at, opportunities that I want to look at, opportunities that I want to look at, but I need help using the Firecol MCP but I need help using the Firecol MCP but I need help using the Firecol MCP server in order to get all of these server in order to get all of these server in order to get all of these listed out. I want these as structured listed out. I want these as structured listed out. I want these as structured data so I could maybe just throw them data so I could maybe just throw them data so I could maybe just throw them into a Google sheet. Now, in this case, into a Google sheet. Now, in this case, into a Google sheet. Now, in this case, I am going to go to plan mode because I am going to go to plan mode because I am going to go to plan mode because this might take a little bit of thinking this might take a little bit of thinking this might take a little bit of thinking as far as understanding the structure of as far as understanding the structure of as far as understanding the structure of the site and maybe using more than just the site and maybe using more than just the site and maybe using more than just a scrape. It might have to use a map or a scrape. It might have to use a map or a scrape. It might have to use a map or a crawl or something else. So, we'll see a crawl or something else. So, we'll see a crawl or something else. So, we'll see what it decides to do here. So, hope you what it decides to do here. So, hope you what it decides to do here. So, hope you guys see now why I did this. It first guys see now why I did this. It first guys see now why I did this. It first decided to scrape. It understood the decided to scrape. It understood the decided to scrape. It understood the website and then it decided to map. And website and then it decided to map. And website and then it decided to map. And now it's creating more of a now it's creating more of a now it's creating more of a comprehensive plan about what to find. comprehensive plan about what to find. comprehensive plan about what to find. It's also asking me some questions, It's also asking me some questions, It's also asking me some questions, which is going to make this job work a which is going to make this job work a which is going to make this job work a lot better. So, it asks if we want all lot better. So, it asks if we want all lot better. So, it asks if we want all 1782. I'm actually just going to go 1782. I'm actually just going to go 1782. I'm actually just going to go ahead and say like 200 because I don't ahead and say like 200 because I don't ahead and say like 200 because I don't want this to take forever. For data want this to take forever. For data want this to take forever. For data fields, I'm going to grab all of them. fields, I'm going to grab all of them. fields, I'm going to grab all of them. For description, let's just do a For description, let's just do a For description, let's just do a summary. And I'm going to go ahead and summary. And I'm going to go ahead and summary. And I'm going to go ahead and submit those answers. and it's going to submit those answers. and it's going to submit those answers. and it's going to keep working on the plan. All right, so keep working on the plan. All right, so keep working on the plan. All right, so looks like that is all done. We're going looks like that is all done. We're going looks like that is all done. We're going to go ahead and auto accept this plan. to go ahead and auto accept this plan. to go ahead and auto accept this plan. So I'll check in with you guys when So I'll check in with you guys when So I'll check in with you guys when that's done. Now, right here is the that's done. Now, right here is the that's done. Now, right here is the beauty of Agentic Workflows because it beauty of Agentic Workflows because it beauty of Agentic Workflows because it tried to, you know, execute the plan, tried to, you know, execute the plan, tried to, you know, execute the plan, but once it got into it, it realized but once it got into it, it realized but once it got into it, it realized that something didn't work. So it said that something didn't work. So it said that something didn't work. So it said that the extract actually returned empty that the extract actually returned empty that the extract actually returned empty results and the site might require more results and the site might require more results and the site might require more sophisticated handling. So now it's sophisticated handling. So now it's sophisticated handling. So now it's trying out the firewall agent. So just trying out the firewall agent. So just trying out the firewall agent. So just super cool the way that it's able to, super cool the way that it's able to, super cool the way that it's able to, you know, run into an issue and then fix you know, run into an issue and then fix you know, run into an issue and then fix it. Okay, so that just finished up and it. Okay, so that just finished up and it. Okay, so that just finished up and it was able to get 200 job listings for it was able to get 200 job listings for it was able to get 200 job listings for us. A few things happened in there, but us. A few things happened in there, but us. A few things happened in there, but it it was able to just correct itself it it was able to just correct itself it it was able to just correct itself and change up the plan and we did get and change up the plan and we did get and change up the plan and we did get our final output. So, let me open up our final output. So, let me open up our final output. So, let me open up this CSV. You can also see that it this CSV. You can also see that it this CSV. You can also see that it dropped it in this project and we could dropped it in this project and we could dropped it in this project and we could look at it over here, but it's not look at it over here, but it's not look at it over here, but it's not really very nice to look at. So, here's really very nice to look at. So, here's really very nice to look at. So, here's the actual Excel file. We've got title, the actual Excel file. We've got title, the actual Excel file. We've got title, company, job type, location, salary, company, job type, location, salary, company, job type, location, salary, experience, category, posted, how long experience, category, posted, how long experience, category, posted, how long ago, apply URL, description, and tags. ago, apply URL, description, and tags. ago, apply URL, description, and tags. And we do indeed have 200 of these. So And we do indeed have 200 of these. So And we do indeed have 200 of these. So now if we wanted to applied all of now if we wanted to applied all of now if we wanted to applied all of these, we've got all the URLs and we these, we've got all the URLs and we these, we've got all the URLs and we have all this info that we need in order have all this info that we need in order have all this info that we need in order to go and do that. So think about how to go and do that. So think about how to go and do that. So think about how long that would have taken you to build long that would have taken you to build long that would have taken you to build an automation in something like Nitn in an automation in something like Nitn in an automation in something like Nitn in order to go scrape 200 of these job order to go scrape 200 of these job order to go scrape 200 of these job postings. Or if you were to just do this postings. Or if you were to just do this postings. Or if you were to just do this manually, it would have taken a lot manually, it would have taken a lot manually, it would have taken a lot longer. And once again, I didn't have to longer. And once again, I didn't have to longer. And once again, I didn't have to think about any of the configuration. I think about any of the configuration. I think about any of the configuration. I just gave Cloud Code the MCP server and just gave Cloud Code the MCP server and just gave Cloud Code the MCP server and let it run. We're going to do two more let it run. We're going to do two more let it run. We're going to do two more really quick use cases. The first one really quick use cases. The first one really quick use cases. The first one I'm going to do is grab Cloudbot or I'm going to do is grab Cloudbot or I'm going to do is grab Cloudbot or Moltbot and drop it in here and say, Moltbot and drop it in here and say, Moltbot and drop it in here and say, "Please grab screenshots of this page "Please grab screenshots of this page "Please grab screenshots of this page and help me understand the branding." and help me understand the branding." and help me understand the branding." And I'm assuming that this is going to And I'm assuming that this is going to And I'm assuming that this is going to use the Fire Crawl MCP server. I hope it use the Fire Crawl MCP server. I hope it use the Fire Crawl MCP server. I hope it does. And then I'm going to grab this does. And then I'm going to grab this does. And then I'm going to grab this website, which is coffee. And I'm going website, which is coffee. And I'm going website, which is coffee. And I'm going to open up a different agent on the to open up a different agent on the to open up a different agent on the right hand side. And for this one, I'm right hand side. And for this one, I'm right hand side. And for this one, I'm just going to tell it to map this site. just going to tell it to map this site. just going to tell it to map this site. Go ahead and map out this site for me Go ahead and map out this site for me Go ahead and map out this site for me and show me what it looks like. So now and show me what it looks like. So now and show me what it looks like. So now we've got two different Cloud Code we've got two different Cloud Code we've got two different Cloud Code agents working at the same time. They're agents working at the same time. They're agents working at the same time. They're both doing different tasks and they're both doing different tasks and they're both doing different tasks and they're using different fire crawl tools. and using different fire crawl tools. and using different fire crawl tools. and then I'll check in with you guys when we then I'll check in with you guys when we then I'll check in with you guys when we get both of these back. All right, so get both of these back. All right, so get both of these back. All right, so the map is already done. You can see the map is already done. You can see the map is already done. You can see that it comes back and it says, "Okay, that it comes back and it says, "Okay, that it comes back and it says, "Okay, so here are all the main pages and it so here are all the main pages and it so here are all the main pages and it gives me the links. Here are all the gives me the links. Here are all the gives me the links. Here are all the different categories. So best sellers, different categories. So best sellers, different categories. So best sellers, coffee, instant, matcha, all this other coffee, instant, matcha, all this other coffee, instant, matcha, all this other stuff. We've got different collections. stuff. We've got different collections. stuff. We've got different collections. We've got different locations. We've got We've got different locations. We've got We've got different locations. We've got tons of different URLs for products, tons of different URLs for products, tons of different URLs for products, brew guides, all this kind of stuff." brew guides, all this kind of stuff." brew guides, all this kind of stuff." And so now that it has that context, I And so now that it has that context, I And so now that it has that context, I could have it go actually crawl those could have it go actually crawl those could have it go actually crawl those things if I wanted to or, you know, things if I wanted to or, you know, things if I wanted to or, you know, extract all of that to a database or extract all of that to a database or extract all of that to a database or whatever we want to do with it. And now whatever we want to do with it. And now whatever we want to do with it. And now it looks like this one is finishing up it looks like this one is finishing up it looks like this one is finishing up over here with the Moltbot over here with the Moltbot over here with the Moltbot documentation. So the first thing we documentation. So the first thing we documentation. So the first thing we have is a screenshot. So if I open this have is a screenshot. So if I open this have is a screenshot. So if I open this up, we can see right here that we do up, we can see right here that we do up, we can see right here that we do have a screenshot of that whole landing have a screenshot of that whole landing have a screenshot of that whole landing page for Moltbot. And then we also have page for Moltbot. And then we also have page for Moltbot. And then we also have the branding like the color palette, the the branding like the color palette, the the branding like the color palette, the typography, spacing, and components. typography, spacing, and components. typography, spacing, and components. We've got the logo. And you can see that We've got the logo. And you can see that We've got the logo. And you can see that all of this was able to be done with all of this was able to be done with all of this was able to be done with Firecrawl super easily. So I wanted to Firecrawl super easily. So I wanted to Firecrawl super easily. So I wanted to show you guys all of that stuff that we show you guys all of that stuff that we show you guys all of that stuff that we just did together, what that actually just did together, what that actually just did together, what that actually costed me. So, I'm going to refresh my costed me. So, I'm going to refresh my costed me. So, I'm going to refresh my dashboard here when we're looking at the dashboard here when we're looking at the dashboard here when we're looking at the usage. And you can see that that took me usage. And you can see that that took me usage. And you can see that that took me about 30 credits out of my 500 that I about 30 credits out of my 500 that I about 30 credits out of my 500 that I get for free. So, 6% of my 500 credit get for free. So, 6% of my 500 credit get for free. So, 6% of my 500 credit limit. Now, that's really the main limit. Now, that's really the main limit. Now, that's really the main difference when it comes to pricing. difference when it comes to pricing. difference when it comes to pricing. You've got these different plans. You've You've got these different plans. You've You've got these different plans. You've got a different amount of pages that you got a different amount of pages that you got a different amount of pages that you can scrape. You get a different amount can scrape. You get a different amount can scrape. You get a different amount of credits. But the other big one is the of credits. But the other big one is the of credits. But the other big one is the concurrent requests. So, with the free concurrent requests. So, with the free concurrent requests. So, with the free plan, you can only be doing two at a plan, you can only be doing two at a plan, you can only be doing two at a time. With this hobby plan in the time. With this hobby plan in the time. With this hobby plan in the middle, you can be doing five. If you middle, you can be doing five. If you middle, you can be doing five. If you scale that up, you can be doing more and scale that up, you can be doing more and scale that up, you can be doing more and more. And it's not really a huge deal more. And it's not really a huge deal more. And it's not really a huge deal because what would happen is cloud code because what would happen is cloud code because what would happen is cloud code would basically just cue them up and would basically just cue them up and would basically just cue them up and wait and retry. But if you did want to wait and retry. But if you did want to wait and retry. But if you did want to do some big operations in bulk, then it do some big operations in bulk, then it do some big operations in bulk, then it may be nice to have more concurrent may be nice to have more concurrent may be nice to have more concurrent requests running. And remember, you can requests running. And remember, you can requests running. And remember, you can use the link in the description to get use the link in the description to get use the link in the description to get 10% off your firewall plan. You can see right here, all I said was, You can see right here, all I said was, You can see right here, all I said was, "Hey Claude, I want you to take this "Hey Claude, I want you to take this "Hey Claude, I want you to take this YouTube video and repurpose it into a YouTube video and repurpose it into a YouTube video and repurpose it into a LinkedIn X and Instagram post." Then I LinkedIn X and Instagram post." Then I LinkedIn X and Instagram post." Then I dropped in the link to the YouTube video dropped in the link to the YouTube video dropped in the link to the YouTube video and shot it off. Not only did it create and shot it off. Not only did it create and shot it off. Not only did it create all these assets, but it also found bugs all these assets, but it also found bugs all these assets, but it also found bugs in its own code and fixed those. And in its own code and fixed those. And in its own code and fixed those. And then we have this folder over here then we have this folder over here then we have this folder over here called drafts. And if I open it up, you called drafts. And if I open it up, you called drafts. And if I open it up, you can see that we have building beautiful can see that we have building beautiful can see that we have building beautiful websites with cloud code, which is the websites with cloud code, which is the websites with cloud code, which is the video I gave it. And then in here, we video I gave it. And then in here, we video I gave it. And then in here, we have Instagram with our actual post text have Instagram with our actual post text have Instagram with our actual post text and five visuals. We've got LinkedIn and five visuals. We've got LinkedIn and five visuals. We've got LinkedIn with our post text and a visual. And with our post text and a visual. And with our post text and a visual. And then same exact thing for X. So that then same exact thing for X. So that then same exact thing for X. So that exact workflow right there took me from exact workflow right there took me from exact workflow right there took me from having one long form YouTube video to having one long form YouTube video to having one long form YouTube video to having a finished LinkedIn post, a having a finished LinkedIn post, a having a finished LinkedIn post, a finished Instagram post, and a finished finished Instagram post, and a finished finished Instagram post, and a finished X post. And if I wanted to ask it to X post. And if I wanted to ask it to X post. And if I wanted to ask it to generate posts for six other social generate posts for six other social generate posts for six other social platforms, it could because it can use platforms, it could because it can use platforms, it could because it can use all of them and understands how they all all of them and understands how they all all of them and understands how they all work. So today I'm going to be showing work. So today I'm going to be showing work. So today I'm going to be showing you guys how you can basically 9x your you guys how you can basically 9x your you guys how you can basically 9x your content game using a combination of content game using a combination of content game using a combination of cloud code and potato. So right now when cloud code and potato. So right now when cloud code and potato. So right now when you're creating content, you know, it you're creating content, you know, it you're creating content, you know, it takes a lot of time and when you put all takes a lot of time and when you put all takes a lot of time and when you put all that time into creating, let's just say that time into creating, let's just say that time into creating, let's just say a YouTube video, it'd be really nice to a YouTube video, it'd be really nice to a YouTube video, it'd be really nice to be able to repurpose that content into be able to repurpose that content into be able to repurpose that content into different platforms as well. So what can different platforms as well. So what can different platforms as well. So what can help you do is it can create the source. help you do is it can create the source. help you do is it can create the source. So it can look through transcripts, So it can look through transcripts, So it can look through transcripts, websites, PDFs. It can find inspiration. websites, PDFs. It can find inspiration. websites, PDFs. It can find inspiration. It can then create visuals for you. So It can then create visuals for you. So It can then create visuals for you. So infographics, carousels or videos. And infographics, carousels or videos. And infographics, carousels or videos. And then it can actually go ahead and then it can actually go ahead and then it can actually go ahead and schedule that stuff. So it can post it schedule that stuff. So it can post it schedule that stuff. So it can post it to nine platforms. It can create the to nine platforms. It can create the to nine platforms. It can create the stories. It can create the, you know, stories. It can create the, you know, stories. It can create the, you know, content calendar. And we can do all of content calendar. And we can do all of content calendar. And we can do all of that using potato and automate it with that using potato and automate it with that using potato and automate it with cloud code. So you guys saw a demo cloud code. So you guys saw a demo cloud code. So you guys saw a demo earlier, but I'm literally going to set earlier, but I'm literally going to set earlier, but I'm literally going to set up a brand new account today. I'm going up a brand new account today. I'm going up a brand new account today. I'm going to walk you through the exact steps that to walk you through the exact steps that to walk you through the exact steps that you need to do. And basically all we you need to do. And basically all we you need to do. And basically all we have to do is get our API key, add our have to do is get our API key, add our have to do is get our API key, add our MCP config for potato and then just MCP config for potato and then just MCP config for potato and then just connect our accounts and we're already connect our accounts and we're already connect our accounts and we're already ready to start creating content in less ready to start creating content in less ready to start creating content in less than 5 minutes. All right, so the way than 5 minutes. All right, so the way than 5 minutes. All right, so the way that I like to use cloud code is within that I like to use cloud code is within that I like to use cloud code is within an IDE called Visual Studio Code. Now an IDE called Visual Studio Code. Now an IDE called Visual Studio Code. Now you could use this in anti-gravity, you you could use this in anti-gravity, you you could use this in anti-gravity, you could use it in the terminal, you could could use it in the terminal, you could could use it in the terminal, you could use it in cursor, but I like to use use it in cursor, but I like to use use it in cursor, but I like to use Visual Studio Code. So if you don't have Visual Studio Code. So if you don't have Visual Studio Code. So if you don't have this, then just go to your browser, type this, then just go to your browser, type this, then just go to your browser, type in Visual Studio Code. You can download in Visual Studio Code. You can download in Visual Studio Code. You can download this for both Windows or Mac or whatever this for both Windows or Mac or whatever this for both Windows or Mac or whatever operating system that you're on. Now operating system that you're on. Now operating system that you're on. Now once you're in here, this is what it once you're in here, this is what it once you're in here, this is what it should look like. and I'm going to walk should look like. and I'm going to walk should look like. and I'm going to walk you through everything you need to click you through everything you need to click you through everything you need to click on and everywhere you need to type. So, on and everywhere you need to type. So, on and everywhere you need to type. So, don't get overwhelmed. If you'd rather don't get overwhelmed. If you'd rather don't get overwhelmed. If you'd rather watch like kind of an intro video and watch like kind of an intro video and watch like kind of an intro video and then come back, then I'll tag this one then come back, then I'll tag this one then come back, then I'll tag this one right up here and then hop on back over right up here and then hop on back over right up here and then hop on back over here. And by the way, if you've been here. And by the way, if you've been here. And by the way, if you've been watching my channel for a while, then watching my channel for a while, then watching my channel for a while, then you've known about Blotato. I showed it you've known about Blotato. I showed it you've known about Blotato. I showed it in Naden in this video. And also in all in Naden in this video. And also in all in Naden in this video. And also in all of my kind of like faceless shorts of my kind of like faceless shorts of my kind of like faceless shorts videos, we use Blot to do the auto videos, we use Blot to do the auto videos, we use Blot to do the auto posting and scheduling. But now, I'm posting and scheduling. But now, I'm posting and scheduling. But now, I'm just showing you how it's actually a lot just showing you how it's actually a lot just showing you how it's actually a lot easier to use with Cloud Code. So, easier to use with Cloud Code. So, easier to use with Cloud Code. So, that's exactly why once we're in here, that's exactly why once we're in here, that's exactly why once we're in here, we're going to go over to this lefth we're going to go over to this lefth we're going to go over to this lefth hand side and click on the extensions hand side and click on the extensions hand side and click on the extensions button. And all you have to do is type button. And all you have to do is type button. And all you have to do is type in cloud code. It'll be this one right in cloud code. It'll be this one right in cloud code. It'll be this one right here that's verified from Anthropic. And here that's verified from Anthropic. And here that's verified from Anthropic. And then you'll just go ahead and install then you'll just go ahead and install then you'll just go ahead and install this. When you install it, it will this. When you install it, it will this. When you install it, it will prompt you to sign in with your paid prompt you to sign in with your paid prompt you to sign in with your paid Cloud subscription. Now, this does have Cloud subscription. Now, this does have Cloud subscription. Now, this does have to be the Pro or Max plan because if to be the Pro or Max plan because if to be the Pro or Max plan because if you're on just the free, you don't have you're on just the free, you don't have you're on just the free, you don't have access to Claude Code. Now, once you've access to Claude Code. Now, once you've access to Claude Code. Now, once you've installed this, what it will do is give installed this, what it will do is give installed this, what it will do is give you this little orange button in the top you this little orange button in the top you this little orange button in the top right which lets you open up Claude right which lets you open up Claude right which lets you open up Claude Code. And this is kind of like your Code. And this is kind of like your Code. And this is kind of like your typical Claude or Chat GBT interface typical Claude or Chat GBT interface typical Claude or Chat GBT interface where you get to talk to an agent right where you get to talk to an agent right where you get to talk to an agent right here. And now what we need to do is open here. And now what we need to do is open here. And now what we need to do is open up a project or a folder. So I'm going up a project or a folder. So I'm going up a project or a folder. So I'm going to go over to this top left button that to go over to this top left button that to go over to this top left button that says explorer. And it will say you have says explorer. And it will say you have says explorer. And it will say you have not yet opened a folder. Go ahead and not yet opened a folder. Go ahead and not yet opened a folder. Go ahead and open one up. And that's where we'll be open one up. And that's where we'll be open one up. And that's where we'll be working inside for this specific, you working inside for this specific, you working inside for this specific, you know, AI social media poster project. So know, AI social media poster project. So know, AI social media poster project. So I just went ahead and I created a brand I just went ahead and I created a brand I just went ahead and I created a brand new one. I just called it potato. new one. I just called it potato. new one. I just called it potato. There's absolutely nothing in here. And There's absolutely nothing in here. And There's absolutely nothing in here. And this is what your screen should look this is what your screen should look this is what your screen should look like. And now what we want to do is just like. And now what we want to do is just like. And now what we want to do is just basically close out of the welcome basically close out of the welcome basically close out of the welcome thing. We can go ahead and double click thing. We can go ahead and double click thing. We can go ahead and double click and then hit the cloud code button. And and then hit the cloud code button. And and then hit the cloud code button. And now we just have our files which will be now we just have our files which will be now we just have our files which will be on the left. We don't have any yet. And on the left. We don't have any yet. And on the left. We don't have any yet. And then we have our cloud code agent right then we have our cloud code agent right then we have our cloud code agent right here that we are going to be able to here that we are going to be able to here that we are going to be able to talk to. So what I'm going to do in the talk to. So what I'm going to do in the talk to. So what I'm going to do in the chat is paste in this prompt that says chat is paste in this prompt that says chat is paste in this prompt that says create me a new skill called repurpose create me a new skill called repurpose create me a new skill called repurpose YouTube video. It's going to create an YouTube video. It's going to create an YouTube video. It's going to create an AI social media manager that makes AI social media manager that makes AI social media manager that makes social media posts for LinkedIn, social media posts for LinkedIn, social media posts for LinkedIn, Instagram, and X. The user will input a Instagram, and X. The user will input a Instagram, and X. The user will input a YouTube video URL and wants it I YouTube video URL and wants it I YouTube video URL and wants it I misspelled this here to be turned into a misspelled this here to be turned into a misspelled this here to be turned into a LinkedIn post, Instagram post, expost, LinkedIn post, Instagram post, expost, LinkedIn post, Instagram post, expost, and each one should have a visual that's and each one should have a visual that's and each one should have a visual that's optimized for that platform. So, Volt is optimized for that platform. So, Volt is optimized for that platform. So, Volt is basically going to take this video and basically going to take this video and basically going to take this video and do everything for us. I end this prompt do everything for us. I end this prompt do everything for us. I end this prompt by saying, "Ask me clarifying questions by saying, "Ask me clarifying questions by saying, "Ask me clarifying questions one at a time until you are 95% one at a time until you are 95% one at a time until you are 95% confident that you can complete the task confident that you can complete the task confident that you can complete the task successfully." And I kind of use this successfully." And I kind of use this successfully." And I kind of use this templated prompt from Sabrina. So, shout templated prompt from Sabrina. So, shout templated prompt from Sabrina. So, shout out, Sabrina. You guys can all copy and out, Sabrina. You guys can all copy and out, Sabrina. You guys can all copy and paste this exact prompt for my free paste this exact prompt for my free paste this exact prompt for my free school community or you can just copy it school community or you can just copy it school community or you can just copy it by looking at it right here. So now that by looking at it right here. So now that by looking at it right here. So now that this is running, it's going to start this is running, it's going to start this is running, it's going to start going through that process. The first going through that process. The first going through that process. The first thing that it's doing is it's thing that it's doing is it's thing that it's doing is it's researching about Blotato to figure out researching about Blotato to figure out researching about Blotato to figure out what it's actually able to do and it's what it's actually able to do and it's what it's actually able to do and it's basically going to help us build out basically going to help us build out basically going to help us build out this flow where we drop in a video. Blot this flow where we drop in a video. Blot this flow where we drop in a video. Blot extracts the transcript, adapts the extracts the transcript, adapts the extracts the transcript, adapts the content for these different media content for these different media content for these different media platforms, and then it creates platforms, and then it creates platforms, and then it creates everything. And then we're able to everything. And then we're able to everything. And then we're able to review it and then just basically review it and then just basically review it and then just basically approve it manually. Now, before I start approve it manually. Now, before I start approve it manually. Now, before I start going through this flow of answering going through this flow of answering going through this flow of answering questions, I wanted to explain what is a questions, I wanted to explain what is a questions, I wanted to explain what is a skill because you'll notice I asked it skill because you'll notice I asked it skill because you'll notice I asked it to create a new skill. Just think of a to create a new skill. Just think of a to create a new skill. Just think of a skill like a recipe. If you tell your skill like a recipe. If you tell your skill like a recipe. If you tell your agent to write a LinkedIn post, it would agent to write a LinkedIn post, it would agent to write a LinkedIn post, it would look at the LinkedIn post skill and that look at the LinkedIn post skill and that look at the LinkedIn post skill and that would have the name of the dish, the would have the name of the dish, the would have the name of the dish, the ingredients, the steps, and then the ingredients, the steps, and then the ingredients, the steps, and then the finished output. That way, the agent finished output. That way, the agent finished output. That way, the agent could read the recipe and make sure that could read the recipe and make sure that could read the recipe and make sure that every single time you ask it to make every single time you ask it to make every single time you ask it to make that dish, it comes out perfect. So, that dish, it comes out perfect. So, that dish, it comes out perfect. So, because we're turning this process into because we're turning this process into because we're turning this process into a skill, every single time we use it, a skill, every single time we use it, a skill, every single time we use it, it's only going to get better and more it's only going to get better and more it's only going to get better and more consistent. But anyways, now we're going consistent. But anyways, now we're going consistent. But anyways, now we're going to come back into Cloud Code and answer to come back into Cloud Code and answer to come back into Cloud Code and answer the clarifying questions. So, it's the clarifying questions. So, it's the clarifying questions. So, it's asking me what program language to build asking me what program language to build asking me what program language to build this in. I don't really know what I want this in. I don't really know what I want this in. I don't really know what I want to do here, and you may not either. So, to do here, and you may not either. So, to do here, and you may not either. So, what I'm just going to say is whatever what I'm just going to say is whatever what I'm just going to say is whatever you think is best. It decides to go with you think is best. It decides to go with you think is best. It decides to go with Python because it's the cleanest for Python because it's the cleanest for Python because it's the cleanest for this kind of APIdriven tool. So, then it this kind of APIdriven tool. So, then it this kind of APIdriven tool. So, then it asks, should the tool autopublish or do asks, should the tool autopublish or do asks, should the tool autopublish or do preview and approval? I want you to preview and approval? I want you to preview and approval? I want you to always make sure I review it before you always make sure I review it before you always make sure I review it before you ever publish anything on my social media ever publish anything on my social media ever publish anything on my social media accounts. And if you guys are curious accounts. And if you guys are curious accounts. And if you guys are curious about how I'm talking and words are about how I'm talking and words are about how I'm talking and words are appearing, then check out the appearing, then check out the appearing, then check out the description for the tool. Anyways, for description for the tool. Anyways, for description for the tool. Anyways, for the AI generated post copy, do you want the AI generated post copy, do you want the AI generated post copy, do you want to use Claude to write the tailored to use Claude to write the tailored to use Claude to write the tailored posts or should the tool just reformat posts or should the tool just reformat posts or should the tool just reformat the extracted YouTube content without an the extracted YouTube content without an the extracted YouTube content without an LLM? I definitely want to use Claude to LLM? I definitely want to use Claude to LLM? I definitely want to use Claude to rewrite the text content for the rewrite the text content for the rewrite the text content for the different platforms. Cool. So, we'll different platforms. Cool. So, we'll different platforms. Cool. So, we'll eventually have to give it an Enthropic eventually have to give it an Enthropic eventually have to give it an Enthropic API key as well as the Blot API key. API key as well as the Blot API key. API key as well as the Blot API key. Now, it asks about the tone of voice Now, it asks about the tone of voice Now, it asks about the tone of voice that we want. So, in this case, if you that we want. So, in this case, if you that we want. So, in this case, if you had like a custom GPT or Claude project had like a custom GPT or Claude project had like a custom GPT or Claude project already that helps you write LinkedIn already that helps you write LinkedIn already that helps you write LinkedIn posts or Instagram posts, you could just posts or Instagram posts, you could just posts or Instagram posts, you could just go ahead and grab the instructions from go ahead and grab the instructions from go ahead and grab the instructions from that and put that here. But for now, I'm that and put that here. But for now, I'm that and put that here. But for now, I'm just going to keep this really simple just going to keep this really simple just going to keep this really simple for the sake of the demo and just say for the sake of the demo and just say for the sake of the demo and just say platform adapted, professional on platform adapted, professional on platform adapted, professional on LinkedIn. Um, and on X, you can be LinkedIn. Um, and on X, you can be LinkedIn. Um, and on X, you can be casual and maybe even a little bit casual and maybe even a little bit casual and maybe even a little bit humorous. Now, it's asking for humorous. Now, it's asking for humorous. Now, it's asking for Instagram. What type of post should it Instagram. What type of post should it Instagram. What type of post should it create? I would like you to create a create? I would like you to create a create? I would like you to create a educational carousel that looks like I educational carousel that looks like I educational carousel that looks like I am writing tweets. And now it asks about am writing tweets. And now it asks about am writing tweets. And now it asks about the visuals for LinkedIn X. For the visuals for LinkedIn X. For the visuals for LinkedIn X. For LinkedIn, let's do a key takeaway LinkedIn, let's do a key takeaway LinkedIn, let's do a key takeaway graphic. It should be clean and it graphic. It should be clean and it graphic. It should be clean and it should have some text that explains the should have some text that explains the should have some text that explains the value in the video. And for X, yeah, value in the video. And for X, yeah, value in the video. And for X, yeah, let's just do something eye-catching. let's just do something eye-catching. let's just do something eye-catching. Maybe a cool quote. Next question is, Maybe a cool quote. Next question is, Maybe a cool quote. Next question is, how do you want to review the stuff? how do you want to review the stuff? how do you want to review the stuff? Let's just go ahead and save everything Let's just go ahead and save everything Let's just go ahead and save everything to the drafts folder so I can take a to the drafts folder so I can take a to the drafts folder so I can take a look at it myself. When publishing, look at it myself. When publishing, look at it myself. When publishing, should you be able to selectively should you be able to selectively should you be able to selectively approve which platforms to post to? approve which platforms to post to? approve which platforms to post to? Yeah, I will tell you one by one which Yeah, I will tell you one by one which Yeah, I will tell you one by one which ones have been approved. I think I ones have been approved. I think I ones have been approved. I think I nearly have everything. One last nearly have everything. One last nearly have everything. One last question. Should the tool let you edit question. Should the tool let you edit question. Should the tool let you edit the draft text files before publishing the draft text files before publishing the draft text files before publishing and have the publish command pick up and have the publish command pick up and have the publish command pick up your changes? Absolutely. your changes? Absolutely. your changes? Absolutely. Okay, so it looks like we're done with Okay, so it looks like we're done with Okay, so it looks like we're done with the question stage now. Now, you might the question stage now. Now, you might the question stage now. Now, you might notice that there's still some stuff notice that there's still some stuff notice that there's still some stuff that we might want to give to this that we might want to give to this that we might want to give to this platform, like maybe some more platform, like maybe some more platform, like maybe some more information about our business. It information about our business. It information about our business. It doesn't really know anything about what doesn't really know anything about what doesn't really know anything about what we do and maybe things like the colors we do and maybe things like the colors we do and maybe things like the colors we like to use or our logo or something we like to use or our logo or something we like to use or our logo or something like that so that it can be on the like that so that it can be on the like that so that it can be on the visuals. So, now what it's going to do visuals. So, now what it's going to do visuals. So, now what it's going to do is it's going to build up those is it's going to build up those is it's going to build up those different tools. As you can see, it different tools. As you can see, it different tools. As you can see, it makes a to-do list and it's going to go makes a to-do list and it's going to go makes a to-do list and it's going to go through one by one and finish all that. through one by one and finish all that. through one by one and finish all that. And also, what you're going to notice is And also, what you're going to notice is And also, what you're going to notice is on the lefth hand side, we're going to on the lefth hand side, we're going to on the lefth hand side, we're going to start to get files and folders in our start to get files and folders in our start to get files and folders in our project set up. And that's really project set up. And that's really project set up. And that's really important because if your cloud code important because if your cloud code important because if your cloud code workspace isn't organized and it doesn't workspace isn't organized and it doesn't workspace isn't organized and it doesn't understand where files are and if you understand where files are and if you understand where files are and if you don't understand where files are then don't understand where files are then don't understand where files are then it's just going to get messy and it it's just going to get messy and it it's just going to get messy and it might be hard to manage the context. might be hard to manage the context. might be hard to manage the context. Okay, so that has finished up. You can Okay, so that has finished up. You can Okay, so that has finished up. You can see that we have a new project see that we have a new project see that we have a new project structure. So over here we have a pi structure. So over here we have a pi structure. So over here we have a pi cache. We've got claude with our cache. We've got claude with our cache. We've got claude with our command. So this is essentially the command. So this is essentially the command. So this is essentially the exact same thing as skills. So this is exact same thing as skills. So this is exact same thing as skills. So this is the repurpose YouTube video skill that the repurpose YouTube video skill that the repurpose YouTube video skill that it created. You can see that it created it created. You can see that it created it created. You can see that it created some actual Python scripts to draft to some actual Python scripts to draft to some actual Python scripts to draft to post to publish. And so maybe we would post to publish. And so maybe we would post to publish. And so maybe we would want to clean this up and put this in a want to clean this up and put this in a want to clean this up and put this in a different folder called scripts or different folder called scripts or different folder called scripts or something like that. But the action item something like that. But the action item something like that. But the action item on us now is to actually set up our API on us now is to actually set up our API on us now is to actually set up our API keys. So if I go into thev, you can see keys. So if I go into thev, you can see keys. So if I go into thev, you can see that we have a potato API key and an that we have a potato API key and an that we have a potato API key and an anthropic API key that we need to set anthropic API key that we need to set anthropic API key that we need to set up. So the first step would be to use up. So the first step would be to use up. So the first step would be to use the link in the description and go to the link in the description and go to the link in the description and go to and that will help you get 30% off for 6 and that will help you get 30% off for 6 and that will help you get 30% off for 6 months. Now once you get that set up, months. Now once you get that set up, months. Now once you get that set up, all you'll have to do is go over to the all you'll have to do is go over to the all you'll have to do is go over to the bottom left and go to your settings and bottom left and go to your settings and bottom left and go to your settings and then click on right here API. And this then click on right here API. And this then click on right here API. And this is where it will ask you to just is where it will ask you to just is where it will ask you to just basically make sure that this is a paid basically make sure that this is a paid basically make sure that this is a paid feature. So if you enable it, you will feature. So if you enable it, you will feature. So if you enable it, you will be on a paid plan. And then you'll go be on a paid plan. And then you'll go be on a paid plan. And then you'll go ahead and copy this API key right there. ahead and copy this API key right there. ahead and copy this API key right there. And then in thev, you'll paste this in. And then in thev, you'll paste this in. And then in thev, you'll paste this in. And then you will save it. And then it's And then you will save it. And then it's And then you will save it. And then it's also asking for an anthropic API key. also asking for an anthropic API key. also asking for an anthropic API key. I'm actually going to go ahead and use I'm actually going to go ahead and use I'm actually going to go ahead and use open router instead because you can open router instead because you can open router instead because you can access all the models there. So I went access all the models there. So I went access all the models there. So I went into open router. I created a new key into open router. I created a new key into open router. I created a new key and I'm going to copy this and paste it and I'm going to copy this and paste it and I'm going to copy this and paste it into Visual Studio Code. And I'm just into Visual Studio Code. And I'm just into Visual Studio Code. And I'm just going to tell Cloud Code that I am using going to tell Cloud Code that I am using going to tell Cloud Code that I am using Open Router with Cloud models instead of Open Router with Cloud models instead of Open Router with Cloud models instead of Enthropic, but you can use whatever you Enthropic, but you can use whatever you Enthropic, but you can use whatever you want here. So, I just cleared the want here. So, I just cleared the want here. So, I just cleared the context and we're about to do a test context and we're about to do a test context and we're about to do a test run. But before that, I just wanted to run. But before that, I just wanted to run. But before that, I just wanted to show you guys something that we can do show you guys something that we can do show you guys something that we can do that's pretty cool real quick. So, I'm that's pretty cool real quick. So, I'm that's pretty cool real quick. So, I'm going to go over here and I'm going to going to go over here and I'm going to going to go over here and I'm going to drop in a new folder. And I'm going to drop in a new folder. And I'm going to drop in a new folder. And I'm going to call this brand call this brand call this brand assets. Now, what I'm going to do is assets. Now, what I'm going to do is assets. Now, what I'm going to do is drag in a profile picture of myself in drag in a profile picture of myself in drag in a profile picture of myself in the brand assets. It's this provo the brand assets. It's this provo the brand assets. It's this provo picture right here because I wanted to picture right here because I wanted to picture right here because I wanted to be able to use this in the tweet style be able to use this in the tweet style be able to use this in the tweet style infographics or carousels that we told infographics or carousels that we told infographics or carousels that we told it we want to make. So, what I can do it we want to make. So, what I can do it we want to make. So, what I can do now is go to YouTube. I've got this now is go to YouTube. I've got this now is go to YouTube. I've got this video I made a few days ago about video I made a few days ago about video I made a few days ago about building websites in Cloud Code. Copy building websites in Cloud Code. Copy building websites in Cloud Code. Copy the link. Come back into Visual Studio the link. Come back into Visual Studio the link. Come back into Visual Studio Code and say, "Hey, Claude, I want you Code and say, "Hey, Claude, I want you Code and say, "Hey, Claude, I want you to take this YouTube video and repurpose to take this YouTube video and repurpose to take this YouTube video and repurpose it into a LinkedIn X and Instagram post. it into a LinkedIn X and Instagram post. it into a LinkedIn X and Instagram post. I've given you in the brand assets I've given you in the brand assets I've given you in the brand assets folder a profile picture of myself to folder a profile picture of myself to folder a profile picture of myself to use in these, you know, different visual use in these, you know, different visual use in these, you know, different visual posts. Let me know when you've got some posts. Let me know when you've got some posts. Let me know when you've got some stuff ready to review and make sure stuff ready to review and make sure stuff ready to review and make sure you're updating your skill document with you're updating your skill document with you're updating your skill document with your findings from this first test run. your findings from this first test run. your findings from this first test run. So now it's going to read through the So now it's going to read through the So now it's going to read through the skill. It's going to execute these skill. It's going to execute these skill. It's going to execute these different Python scripts right here. And different Python scripts right here. And different Python scripts right here. And if it runs into any issues or anything if it runs into any issues or anything if it runs into any issues or anything that we told it, like using our profile that we told it, like using our profile that we told it, like using our profile picture, it will update that skill picture, it will update that skill picture, it will update that skill document with. And here's an example of document with. And here's an example of document with. And here's an example of it already needing to make an adjustment it already needing to make an adjustment it already needing to make an adjustment is because it said YouTube is blocked by is because it said YouTube is blocked by is because it said YouTube is blocked by the web fetch tool. Let me try the web fetch tool. Let me try the web fetch tool. Let me try alternative approaches. So that just alternative approaches. So that just alternative approaches. So that just finished up. You can see that it started finished up. You can see that it started finished up. You can see that it started off by reading the skill. It goes off by reading the skill. It goes off by reading the skill. It goes through and it tries different things. through and it tries different things. through and it tries different things. It made its to-do list and it was able It made its to-do list and it was able It made its to-do list and it was able to create the actual textbased posts, to create the actual textbased posts, to create the actual textbased posts, but what happened was it actually failed but what happened was it actually failed but what happened was it actually failed on the visuals. So, what it did is it on the visuals. So, what it did is it on the visuals. So, what it did is it added a known issues and finding section added a known issues and finding section added a known issues and finding section to the actual skill itself. But, we're to the actual skill itself. But, we're to the actual skill itself. But, we're going to go ahead and try it again and going to go ahead and try it again and going to go ahead and try it again and we're going to see if it can fix it. So, we're going to see if it can fix it. So, we're going to see if it can fix it. So, I just said try to create the visuals I just said try to create the visuals I just said try to create the visuals again. Make sure they are images, not again. Make sure they are images, not again. Make sure they are images, not videos. And we aren't worried about videos. And we aren't worried about videos. And we aren't worried about posting yet. We just want you to create posting yet. We just want you to create posting yet. We just want you to create the assets. So, it's once again going to the assets. So, it's once again going to the assets. So, it's once again going to dive into everything. It is going to dive into everything. It is going to dive into everything. It is going to investigate the templates and then it's investigate the templates and then it's investigate the templates and then it's going to come back hopefully with going to come back hopefully with going to come back hopefully with something that we can review. So visuals something that we can review. So visuals something that we can review. So visuals have been created this time and have been created this time and have been created this time and apparently they're looking great and you apparently they're looking great and you apparently they're looking great and you can see once again it's updating the can see once again it's updating the can see once again it's updating the skill document so that that never skill document so that that never skill document so that that never happens again. Okay, so these have been happens again. Okay, so these have been happens again. Okay, so these have been created successfully. We've got our created successfully. We've got our created successfully. We've got our LinkedIn with a whiteboard infographic. LinkedIn with a whiteboard infographic. LinkedIn with a whiteboard infographic. Let me go ahead and open that up real Let me go ahead and open that up real Let me go ahead and open that up real quick. It's putting all of this stuff in quick. It's putting all of this stuff in quick. It's putting all of this stuff in the drafts folder and you can see we've the drafts folder and you can see we've the drafts folder and you can see we've got Instagram, LinkedIn and X and this got Instagram, LinkedIn and X and this got Instagram, LinkedIn and X and this is all for the YouTube video which is is all for the YouTube video which is is all for the YouTube video which is called building beautiful websites. So called building beautiful websites. So called building beautiful websites. So it's keeping our stuff organized. So for it's keeping our stuff organized. So for it's keeping our stuff organized. So for LinkedIn, here's our visual. We've got a LinkedIn, here's our visual. We've got a LinkedIn, here's our visual. We've got a whiteboard that says building beautiful whiteboard that says building beautiful whiteboard that says building beautiful websites with cloud code, three key websites with cloud code, three key websites with cloud code, three key steps. We've got cloud.md, front-end steps. We've got cloud.md, front-end steps. We've got cloud.md, front-end design skill, and then adding your brand design skill, and then adding your brand design skill, and then adding your brand assets to a folder. And you can see at assets to a folder. And you can see at assets to a folder. And you can see at the bottom, it also says full the bottom, it also says full the bottom, it also says full walkthrough on YouTube at Nate Herk. And walkthrough on YouTube at Nate Herk. And walkthrough on YouTube at Nate Herk. And then we also have the actual post right then we also have the actual post right then we also have the actual post right here, which is the textbased copy of the here, which is the textbased copy of the here, which is the textbased copy of the LinkedIn post. So let's say we like that LinkedIn post. So let's say we like that LinkedIn post. So let's say we like that one. Let's go ahead and look at one. Let's go ahead and look at one. Let's go ahead and look at Instagram. We've got the same thing. Instagram. We've got the same thing. Instagram. We've got the same thing. We've got the post right here with the We've got the post right here with the We've got the post right here with the different, you know, slides, and then we different, you know, slides, and then we different, you know, slides, and then we have the actual visuals. So, here is have the actual visuals. So, here is have the actual visuals. So, here is number one. Your cloudMD file is number one. Your cloudMD file is number one. Your cloudMD file is everything. It is a system prompt that everything. It is a system prompt that everything. It is a system prompt that runs before every session. We've got the runs before every session. We've got the runs before every session. We've got the next one, which is the front-end design next one, which is the front-end design next one, which is the front-end design skill. And then pretty much all of these skill. And then pretty much all of these skill. And then pretty much all of these I'm assuming are the same. We've got I'm assuming are the same. We've got I'm assuming are the same. We've got brand assets. We've got you don't need brand assets. We've got you don't need brand assets. We've got you don't need to be a developer. And then we've got to be a developer. And then we've got to be a developer. And then we've got the difference between vibecoded and the difference between vibecoded and the difference between vibecoded and professional. So, the one thing I will professional. So, the one thing I will professional. So, the one thing I will say about these are that I think this say about these are that I think this say about these are that I think this would look a lot better if we had our would look a lot better if we had our would look a lot better if we had our profile picture as well as like a blue profile picture as well as like a blue profile picture as well as like a blue check mark verified badge. So, that's check mark verified badge. So, that's check mark verified badge. So, that's something that we'll probably want to something that we'll probably want to something that we'll probably want to change. And then real quick, just to change. And then real quick, just to change. And then real quick, just to look at the X post, we've got the actual look at the X post, we've got the actual look at the X post, we've got the actual text itself, which is um very casual and text itself, which is um very casual and text itself, which is um very casual and it's kind of more like a meme. And then it's kind of more like a meme. And then it's kind of more like a meme. And then for the visual, we just have a very for the visual, we just have a very for the visual, we just have a very simple quote. But as you guys know, I simple quote. But as you guys know, I simple quote. But as you guys know, I want to make those carousels have the want to make those carousels have the want to make those carousels have the profile picture in there. So I just profile picture in there. So I just profile picture in there. So I just asked Claude Code to put our profile asked Claude Code to put our profile asked Claude Code to put our profile picture in the carousel slides as well picture in the carousel slides as well picture in the carousel slides as well as adding a blue check mark. So we'll as adding a blue check mark. So we'll as adding a blue check mark. So we'll see if we can get the job done. All see if we can get the job done. All see if we can get the job done. All right. So look how cool this is. It right. So look how cool this is. It right. So look how cool this is. It fixed that workflow. So it now should fixed that workflow. So it now should fixed that workflow. So it now should have new carousel slides for us. But have new carousel slides for us. But have new carousel slides for us. But what it did is it actually had to resize what it did is it actually had to resize what it did is it actually had to resize our image because it realized that the our image because it realized that the our image because it realized that the potato API wouldn't take it if it was potato API wouldn't take it if it was potato API wouldn't take it if it was too big. So this was the original and too big. So this was the original and too big. So this was the original and then it resized it to make it smaller, then it resized it to make it smaller, then it resized it to make it smaller, but it still obviously looks the same. but it still obviously looks the same. but it still obviously looks the same. And now every single time that we run And now every single time that we run And now every single time that we run this for Instagram carousels, it should this for Instagram carousels, it should this for Instagram carousels, it should be able to make it the way we want it. be able to make it the way we want it. be able to make it the way we want it. So let's take a look. All right, here is So let's take a look. All right, here is So let's take a look. All right, here is the new Instagram carousel. We've got the new Instagram carousel. We've got the new Instagram carousel. We've got our name, we've got the verified badge, our name, we've got the verified badge, our name, we've got the verified badge, as well as our profile picture. And so as well as our profile picture. And so as well as our profile picture. And so now it would just be a matter of now it would just be a matter of now it would just be a matter of optimizing the actual content that's put optimizing the actual content that's put optimizing the actual content that's put in here if we don't think that this was in here if we don't think that this was in here if we don't think that this was prompted well enough and maybe adding prompted well enough and maybe adding prompted well enough and maybe adding one more at the end which would be a CTA one more at the end which would be a CTA one more at the end which would be a CTA that says like follow for more or that says like follow for more or that says like follow for more or something like that. But keep in mind something like that. But keep in mind something like that. But keep in mind all I said was take this YouTube video all I said was take this YouTube video all I said was take this YouTube video and repurpose it. We didn't give it any and repurpose it. We didn't give it any and repurpose it. We didn't give it any context about our business about context about our business about context about our business about previous Instagram or LinkedIn posts. We previous Instagram or LinkedIn posts. We previous Instagram or LinkedIn posts. We didn't give it anything but literally didn't give it anything but literally didn't give it anything but literally just said make us content. And the only just said make us content. And the only just said make us content. And the only reason I'm telling you this is because reason I'm telling you this is because reason I'm telling you this is because think about how much better this will be think about how much better this will be think about how much better this will be as you start to add more business as you start to add more business as you start to add more business context, add more brand guidelines, and context, add more brand guidelines, and context, add more brand guidelines, and then iterate and refine. We've ran this then iterate and refine. We've ran this then iterate and refine. We've ran this workflow twice, I think, at this point, workflow twice, I think, at this point, workflow twice, I think, at this point, and it's gotten better each time. What and it's gotten better each time. What and it's gotten better each time. What would happen if we ran this 10 times, would happen if we ran this 10 times, would happen if we ran this 10 times, and every time we gave it more feedback and every time we gave it more feedback and every time we gave it more feedback and more feedback so that by the time and more feedback so that by the time and more feedback so that by the time we're ready to host it, so that if we we're ready to host it, so that if we we're ready to host it, so that if we want it to run automatically, every time want it to run automatically, every time want it to run automatically, every time I post a new YouTube video, it I post a new YouTube video, it I post a new YouTube video, it automatically gives us this stuff. By automatically gives us this stuff. By automatically gives us this stuff. By the time we do that automatically, it's the time we do that automatically, it's the time we do that automatically, it's already like a really rock solid or already like a really rock solid or already like a really rock solid or battle tested skill. And by the way, in battle tested skill. And by the way, in battle tested skill. And by the way, in Blotato, if you go to my videos, you can Blotato, if you go to my videos, you can Blotato, if you go to my videos, you can see all of the ones that you've see all of the ones that you've see all of the ones that you've generated. And you can also go to the generated. And you can also go to the generated. And you can also go to the API dashboard to see all of the requests API dashboard to see all of the requests API dashboard to see all of the requests that you had been making to Blot. But at that you had been making to Blot. But at that you had been making to Blot. But at this point, the only thing left to do is this point, the only thing left to do is this point, the only thing left to do is schedule these out or just instantly schedule these out or just instantly schedule these out or just instantly post them now that we've reviewed them. post them now that we've reviewed them. post them now that we've reviewed them. So, what you do is you go to your So, what you do is you go to your So, what you do is you go to your settings and you have to log in with settings and you have to log in with settings and you have to log in with your different accounts. And it's your different accounts. And it's your different accounts. And it's literally like, let's say we wanted to literally like, let's say we wanted to literally like, let's say we wanted to log in with Instagram. We'd click on log in with Instagram. We'd click on log in with Instagram. We'd click on this and it would just bring us to a this and it would just bring us to a this and it would just bring us to a sign-in page in Instagram and it would sign-in page in Instagram and it would sign-in page in Instagram and it would connect everything very easy for us. And connect everything very easy for us. And connect everything very easy for us. And then after we've done that, you can see then after we've done that, you can see then after we've done that, you can see here I've only connected to my X here I've only connected to my X here I've only connected to my X account. It lets you copy your account account. It lets you copy your account account. It lets you copy your account ID. So basically it associates an ID. So basically it associates an ID. So basically it associates an account ID in here with potato to account ID in here with potato to account ID in here with potato to actually post on your behalf. But Claude actually post on your behalf. But Claude actually post on your behalf. But Claude code using the right API endpoints code using the right API endpoints code using the right API endpoints should be able to grab all those IDs for should be able to grab all those IDs for should be able to grab all those IDs for us. So there's really nothing manual us. So there's really nothing manual us. So there's really nothing manual here. So just as an example, let's make here. So just as an example, let's make here. So just as an example, let's make sure that it can actually post to X for sure that it can actually post to X for sure that it can actually post to X for us. Cool. That output looks great. Can us. Cool. That output looks great. Can us. Cool. That output looks great. Can you go ahead and post our content on X you go ahead and post our content on X you go ahead and post our content on X for us? All right, so that post is live. for us? All right, so that post is live. for us? All right, so that post is live. If I open this up, we should see on X If I open this up, we should see on X If I open this up, we should see on X that I did just make this tweet, which that I did just make this tweet, which that I did just make this tweet, which I'm going to delete right now. But just I'm going to delete right now. But just I'm going to delete right now. But just wanted to prove to you guys that that wanted to prove to you guys that that wanted to prove to you guys that that endpoint does in fact work. So at this endpoint does in fact work. So at this endpoint does in fact work. So at this point, now that we know this works, we point, now that we know this works, we point, now that we know this works, we could just build different skills within could just build different skills within could just build different skills within this kind of potato environment. So we this kind of potato environment. So we this kind of potato environment. So we could build one for getting inspiration. could build one for getting inspiration. could build one for getting inspiration. We could build one for creating, you We could build one for creating, you We could build one for creating, you know, Tik Tok videos, whatever we want know, Tik Tok videos, whatever we want know, Tik Tok videos, whatever we want to do. But before you start scaling this to do. But before you start scaling this to do. But before you start scaling this up, it's really important to have some up, it's really important to have some up, it's really important to have some structure to this project because we've structure to this project because we've structure to this project because we've got, you know, our claude with our got, you know, our claude with our got, you know, our claude with our skills, we've got our brand assets, skills, we've got our brand assets, skills, we've got our brand assets, we've got our drafts, but we also have we've got our drafts, but we also have we've got our drafts, but we also have some scripts right here that are just some scripts right here that are just some scripts right here that are just kind of in the middle of nowhere. And we kind of in the middle of nowhere. And we kind of in the middle of nowhere. And we also don't have a claw.md file yet. So, also don't have a claw.md file yet. So, also don't have a claw.md file yet. So, I'm just going to go ahead and do I'm just going to go ahead and do I'm just going to go ahead and do slashinit, which basically just reads slashinit, which basically just reads slashinit, which basically just reads through the current project structure through the current project structure through the current project structure and creates a claw.md file around what and creates a claw.md file around what and creates a claw.md file around what we have right here. And I assume at this we have right here. And I assume at this we have right here. And I assume at this point everyone's aware of what the point everyone's aware of what the point everyone's aware of what the cloudmd file is, but if you're not, it's cloudmd file is, but if you're not, it's cloudmd file is, but if you're not, it's basically the overall system prompt for basically the overall system prompt for basically the overall system prompt for this specific project. Meaning every this specific project. Meaning every this specific project. Meaning every time before you shoot off a message to time before you shoot off a message to time before you shoot off a message to cloud code or before cloud code reads cloud code or before cloud code reads cloud code or before cloud code reads it, it's going to read the claw.md file it, it's going to read the claw.md file it, it's going to read the claw.md file first to understand the direction, what first to understand the direction, what first to understand the direction, what tools it has at its disposal, what rules tools it has at its disposal, what rules tools it has at its disposal, what rules it needs to follow, things like that. it needs to follow, things like that. it needs to follow, things like that. Which means you don't want to keep your Which means you don't want to keep your Which means you don't want to keep your claw.md file very long. I think best claw.md file very long. I think best claw.md file very long. I think best practice is to keep it under 150 lines. practice is to keep it under 150 lines. practice is to keep it under 150 lines. Otherwise, you're just going to fill up Otherwise, you're just going to fill up Otherwise, you're just going to fill up your context much quicker. So now you your context much quicker. So now you your context much quicker. So now you can see that we have a claw.mmd file can see that we have a claw.mmd file can see that we have a claw.mmd file that goes over the overview, the that goes over the overview, the that goes over the overview, the commands, environment variables, commands, environment variables, commands, environment variables, architecture, patterns, things like architecture, patterns, things like architecture, patterns, things like that, which now, as you can see, gives that, which now, as you can see, gives that, which now, as you can see, gives our project a little bit more structure our project a little bit more structure our project a little bit more structure right here. But I'm still not satisfied. right here. But I'm still not satisfied. right here. But I'm still not satisfied. What I want to say now is we have four What I want to say now is we have four What I want to say now is we have four Python scripts that don't have a home. Python scripts that don't have a home. Python scripts that don't have a home. Could you throw those into a folder, Could you throw those into a folder, Could you throw those into a folder, maybe call it scripts or something like maybe call it scripts or something like maybe call it scripts or something like that, and make sure that our other that, and make sure that our other that, and make sure that our other skills and cloudmd files are aware of skills and cloudmd files are aware of skills and cloudmd files are aware of this and can reference it in the future? this and can reference it in the future? this and can reference it in the future? And that's just the way that I decided And that's just the way that I decided And that's just the way that I decided to set it up. But you could also say, to set it up. But you could also say, to set it up. But you could also say, "Hey, you know, we've got a ton of files "Hey, you know, we've got a ton of files "Hey, you know, we've got a ton of files here. Can you help me figure out a here. Can you help me figure out a here. Can you help me figure out a strategy to clean this up so we can strategy to clean this up so we can strategy to clean this up so we can continue to scale this project?" So, you continue to scale this project?" So, you continue to scale this project?" So, you can see that it made a new folder. It can see that it made a new folder. It can see that it made a new folder. It threw all of the Python scripts in threw all of the Python scripts in threw all of the Python scripts in there, and now it's updating other files there, and now it's updating other files there, and now it's updating other files in here to make sure that the whole in here to make sure that the whole in here to make sure that the whole project understands where everything is. project understands where everything is. project understands where everything is. So, that is going to do it for today. I So, that is going to do it for today. I So, that is going to do it for today. I think that you guys should be in a think that you guys should be in a think that you guys should be in a really good spot now set up with Cloud really good spot now set up with Cloud really good spot now set up with Cloud Code, set up with Plot to really improve Code, set up with Plot to really improve Code, set up with Plot to really improve your content game. Google just dropped what some are Google just dropped what some are Google just dropped what some are already calling the most powerful already calling the most powerful already calling the most powerful workspace CLI on the internet. So if workspace CLI on the internet. So if workspace CLI on the internet. So if you've got a ton of stuff that lives in you've got a ton of stuff that lives in you've got a ton of stuff that lives in the Google environment just like I do, the Google environment just like I do, the Google environment just like I do, then you're going to love this because then you're going to love this because then you're going to love this because now any of my cloud code projects can now any of my cloud code projects can now any of my cloud code projects can access everything. And all I had to do access everything. And all I had to do access everything. And all I had to do was install one simple thing. So here was install one simple thing. So here was install one simple thing. So here you can see I said what can you do with you can see I said what can you do with you can see I said what can you do with GWS which is Google Workspace CLI. So it GWS which is Google Workspace CLI. So it GWS which is Google Workspace CLI. So it can search, list, upload, download, can search, list, upload, download, can search, list, upload, download, move, copy, share anything in my Google move, copy, share anything in my Google move, copy, share anything in my Google Drive. It can do anything in my Gmail. Drive. It can do anything in my Gmail. Drive. It can do anything in my Gmail. It can do anything in my calendar. It It can do anything in my calendar. It It can do anything in my calendar. It can do anything with Google Docs. Same can do anything with Google Docs. Same can do anything with Google Docs. Same thing with Sheets. Same thing with thing with Sheets. Same thing with thing with Sheets. Same thing with Slides. And it also has multi-step Slides. And it also has multi-step Slides. And it also has multi-step workflow recipes. So these are basically workflow recipes. So these are basically workflow recipes. So these are basically like skills. These are chain command like skills. These are chain command like skills. These are chain command patterns for common tasks like creating patterns for common tasks like creating patterns for common tasks like creating docs from templates, reading sheet data, docs from templates, reading sheet data, docs from templates, reading sheet data, and creating a report doc, finding free and creating a report doc, finding free and creating a report doc, finding free time and scheduling a meeting. And there time and scheduling a meeting. And there time and scheduling a meeting. And there are over a hundred of these that it are over a hundred of these that it are over a hundred of these that it actually has. So out of the box, when actually has. So out of the box, when actually has. So out of the box, when you give Claude Code the GWS CLI, you you give Claude Code the GWS CLI, you you give Claude Code the GWS CLI, you can do anything across any of the tools. can do anything across any of the tools. can do anything across any of the tools. And you also have access to over a And you also have access to over a And you also have access to over a hundred skills. So I don't know how many hundred skills. So I don't know how many hundred skills. So I don't know how many times you guys have tried to use times you guys have tried to use times you guys have tried to use something like Claude or Naden to build something like Claude or Naden to build something like Claude or Naden to build you a Google doc. And you do this over you a Google doc. And you do this over you a Google doc. And you do this over API. And it ends up just looking like API. And it ends up just looking like API. And it ends up just looking like something like this. It literally just something like this. It literally just something like this. It literally just looks like raw markdown. And it's looks like raw markdown. And it's looks like raw markdown. And it's obviously horrible. And sometimes to go obviously horrible. And sometimes to go obviously horrible. And sometimes to go along with a YouTube video, I make along with a YouTube video, I make along with a YouTube video, I make resource guides that look like this. But resource guides that look like this. But resource guides that look like this. But obviously they have to be formatted. obviously they have to be formatted. obviously they have to be formatted. I've got like a header up here and I've I've got like a header up here and I've I've got like a header up here and I've got links and different things in this got links and different things in this got links and different things in this format. But now I can literally just format. But now I can literally just format. But now I can literally just take the link to a YouTube video. I can take the link to a YouTube video. I can take the link to a YouTube video. I can drop that into cloud code and say create drop that into cloud code and say create drop that into cloud code and say create me a YouTube resource guide. It's going me a YouTube resource guide. It's going me a YouTube resource guide. It's going to go ahead and download that transcript to go ahead and download that transcript to go ahead and download that transcript from the video. And now what it's doing from the video. And now what it's doing from the video. And now what it's doing is it's creating the Google doc not via is it's creating the Google doc not via is it's creating the Google doc not via API call, not via MCP, but via a bash API call, not via MCP, but via a bash API call, not via MCP, but via a bash command. Meaning it's literally running command. Meaning it's literally running command. Meaning it's literally running a terminal command in order to talk to a terminal command in order to talk to a terminal command in order to talk to Google and make this. So it just Google and make this. So it just Google and make this. So it just actually created the doc. Here's the ID. actually created the doc. Here's the ID. actually created the doc. Here's the ID. And now it's going to populate it with And now it's going to populate it with And now it's going to populate it with what I need. And now it finished this what I need. And now it finished this what I need. And now it finished this up. It gave me the link. I'll click into up. It gave me the link. I'll click into up. It gave me the link. I'll click into this. And we can see boom, we have an this. And we can see boom, we have an this. And we can see boom, we have an actual resource guide. It's got the actual resource guide. It's got the actual resource guide. It's got the image inserted up here as a header. It's image inserted up here as a header. It's image inserted up here as a header. It's got a link that goes right back to my got a link that goes right back to my got a link that goes right back to my YouTube channel. It breaks down the YouTube channel. It breaks down the YouTube channel. It breaks down the market traditional automation. It goes market traditional automation. It goes market traditional automation. It goes through all this stuff and then even has through all this stuff and then even has through all this stuff and then even has my CTA at the bottom as you can see my CTA at the bottom as you can see my CTA at the bottom as you can see after all these horizontal lines to join after all these horizontal lines to join after all these horizontal lines to join the plus group. So that was obviously the plus group. So that was obviously the plus group. So that was obviously just one quick example, but there's so just one quick example, but there's so just one quick example, but there's so many different benefits here using this many different benefits here using this many different benefits here using this Workspace CLI. The first one is that you Workspace CLI. The first one is that you Workspace CLI. The first one is that you have one interface. So basically, like I have one interface. So basically, like I have one interface. So basically, like I said, it was one GWS CLI that Cloud Code said, it was one GWS CLI that Cloud Code said, it was one GWS CLI that Cloud Code now has access to and it can access my now has access to and it can access my now has access to and it can access my Gmail, my drive, Docs, Sheets, Calendar, Gmail, my drive, Docs, Sheets, Calendar, Gmail, my drive, Docs, Sheets, Calendar, Admin, and more. It's also JSON first Admin, and more. It's also JSON first Admin, and more. It's also JSON first with structured responses. So, our AI with structured responses. So, our AI with structured responses. So, our AI agent is really, really good at working agent is really, really good at working agent is really, really good at working with it. We have auto discovery, meaning with it. We have auto discovery, meaning with it. We have auto discovery, meaning the CLI is pretty much always going to the CLI is pretty much always going to the CLI is pretty much always going to stay up to date automatically. Pretty stay up to date automatically. Pretty stay up to date automatically. Pretty much zero maintenance because we much zero maintenance because we much zero maintenance because we authenticate and then we're going to be authenticate and then we're going to be authenticate and then we're going to be good to go. It has built-in skills for good to go. It has built-in skills for good to go. It has built-in skills for triage, for prep, for generations. Like triage, for prep, for generations. Like triage, for prep, for generations. Like I said, there's 100 others. And it's not I said, there's 100 others. And it's not I said, there's 100 others. And it's not much overhead because it's basically much overhead because it's basically much overhead because it's basically just one tool. It's not the same as like just one tool. It's not the same as like just one tool. It's not the same as like having all these different API endpoints having all these different API endpoints having all these different API endpoints or all of these different MCP configs or all of these different MCP configs or all of these different MCP configs and tools that would take up more and tools that would take up more and tools that would take up more context. But I know you're probably context. But I know you're probably context. But I know you're probably wondering, what is a CLI? It stands for wondering, what is a CLI? It stands for wondering, what is a CLI? It stands for command line interface. And what we're command line interface. And what we're command line interface. And what we're typically used to is a GUI or a typically used to is a GUI or a typically used to is a GUI or a graphical user interface where we can graphical user interface where we can graphical user interface where we can see buttons, we can see form fields, and see buttons, we can see form fields, and see buttons, we can see form fields, and we can click on things and that's how we we can click on things and that's how we we can click on things and that's how we navigate, but computers are more navigate, but computers are more navigate, but computers are more navigating by text and by commands and navigating by text and by commands and navigating by text and by commands and by typing. So that's really all that a by typing. So that's really all that a by typing. So that's really all that a CLI is. And this is an open- source CLI is. And this is an open- source CLI is. And this is an open- source Google Workspace product, and obviously Google Workspace product, and obviously Google Workspace product, and obviously it's completely free. So I'll leave a it's completely free. So I'll leave a it's completely free. So I'll leave a link to this GitHub repository down in link to this GitHub repository down in link to this GitHub repository down in the description if you want to check it the description if you want to check it the description if you want to check it out, read more about it. But I'm also out, read more about it. But I'm also out, read more about it. But I'm also going to walk through some of the key going to walk through some of the key going to walk through some of the key details right here. The first thing that details right here. The first thing that details right here. The first thing that I wanted to show you is if you go down I wanted to show you is if you go down I wanted to show you is if you go down here to the skills, this is where we can here to the skills, this is where we can here to the skills, this is where we can actually see all of the different kind actually see all of the different kind actually see all of the different kind of recipes they call them for pre-made of recipes they call them for pre-made of recipes they call them for pre-made multi-step workflows that it has. As you multi-step workflows that it has. As you multi-step workflows that it has. As you can see, creating events from sheets, can see, creating events from sheets, can see, creating events from sheets, creating presentations, creating meat creating presentations, creating meat creating presentations, creating meat space, label and archiving emails. space, label and archiving emails. space, label and archiving emails. There's so many different patterns that There's so many different patterns that There's so many different patterns that you might use from this pre-built you might use from this pre-built you might use from this pre-built library. Now, if we keep scrolling down, library. Now, if we keep scrolling down, library. Now, if we keep scrolling down, what you'll also notice is that right what you'll also notice is that right what you'll also notice is that right here it says this is not an officially here it says this is not an officially here it says this is not an officially supported Google product. Now, that supported Google product. Now, that supported Google product. Now, that doesn't mean that it's unsafe. This is doesn't mean that it's unsafe. This is doesn't mean that it's unsafe. This is an actual Google product, but the reason an actual Google product, but the reason an actual Google product, but the reason why it's not officially supported is why it's not officially supported is why it's not officially supported is because right now it's more of like an because right now it's more of like an because right now it's more of like an open- source beta. It's kind of a open- source beta. It's kind of a open- source beta. It's kind of a developer playground rather than like an developer playground rather than like an developer playground rather than like an enterprisebacked software. And you can enterprisebacked software. And you can enterprisebacked software. And you can see right here that it also says this see right here that it also says this see right here that it also says this project is under active development. project is under active development. project is under active development. Expect breaking changes as we march Expect breaking changes as we march Expect breaking changes as we march towards v 1.0. So this thing's already towards v 1.0. So this thing's already towards v 1.0. So this thing's already really good out of the box and it's only really good out of the box and it's only really good out of the box and it's only going to get better. And you can see, going to get better. And you can see, going to get better. And you can see, like I said, when Google Workspace adds like I said, when Google Workspace adds like I said, when Google Workspace adds an API endpoint or method, GWS picks it an API endpoint or method, GWS picks it an API endpoint or method, GWS picks it up automatically. So you might as well up automatically. So you might as well up automatically. So you might as well chuck it into cloud code right now and chuck it into cloud code right now and chuck it into cloud code right now and start getting used to it. Okay, so I start getting used to it. Okay, so I start getting used to it. Okay, so I just uninstalled this so I can walk you just uninstalled this so I can walk you just uninstalled this so I can walk you guys through step by step how this guys through step by step how this guys through step by step how this actually works. It's super easy. What I actually works. It's super easy. What I actually works. It's super easy. What I do is I basically copy the link to this do is I basically copy the link to this do is I basically copy the link to this GitHub repository as you can see. And GitHub repository as you can see. And GitHub repository as you can see. And I'm going to basically just give it to I'm going to basically just give it to I'm going to basically just give it to Cloud Code and say, "Hey, I want to Cloud Code and say, "Hey, I want to Cloud Code and say, "Hey, I want to install this GWS CLI, read through the install this GWS CLI, read through the install this GWS CLI, read through the documentation, and help me install documentation, and help me install documentation, and help me install everything that I need to install, and everything that I need to install, and everything that I need to install, and then we're going to get set up." So, then we're going to get set up." So, then we're going to get set up." So, this is basically going to do all the this is basically going to do all the this is basically going to do all the research for me, and then all I have to research for me, and then all I have to research for me, and then all I have to do is follow its instructions. So, it do is follow its instructions. So, it do is follow its instructions. So, it read the docs. It's looking at what we read the docs. It's looking at what we read the docs. It's looking at what we already have installed. It basically saw already have installed. It basically saw already have installed. It basically saw that I already had some of the that I already had some of the that I already had some of the prerequisites. So if you don't have prerequisites. So if you don't have prerequisites. So if you don't have those, you'll have to install those. And those, you'll have to install those. And those, you'll have to install those. And then it told me that we needed to then it told me that we needed to then it told me that we needed to install the CLI. So it did that. And now install the CLI. So it did that. And now install the CLI. So it did that. And now we have two options. So the first one is we have two options. So the first one is we have two options. So the first one is to install G-Cloud CLI so that we have to install G-Cloud CLI so that we have to install G-Cloud CLI so that we have automatic setup and off. Or we could do automatic setup and off. Or we could do automatic setup and off. Or we could do it manually by creating our own project it manually by creating our own project it manually by creating our own project and whatnot. So let's just go ahead and and whatnot. So let's just go ahead and and whatnot. So let's just go ahead and try option A. Okay. I thought this was try option A. Okay. I thought this was try option A. Okay. I thought this was going to be just like a simple command going to be just like a simple command going to be just like a simple command that it ran and then we were good. But that it ran and then we were good. But that it ran and then we were good. But it's actually like some other thing to it's actually like some other thing to it's actually like some other thing to install. So let's actually go back and install. So let's actually go back and install. So let's actually go back and try manual and I'll just show you guys I try manual and I'll just show you guys I try manual and I'll just show you guys I guess the harder way. Okay. So I'm going guess the harder way. Okay. So I'm going guess the harder way. Okay. So I'm going to go to this link. go to our Google to go to this link. go to our Google to go to this link. go to our Google Cloud Console and make sure you're Cloud Console and make sure you're Cloud Console and make sure you're signed in with the right account up in signed in with the right account up in signed in with the right account up in the top right. And I'm just going to go the top right. And I'm just going to go the top right. And I'm just going to go ahead and create a new project just to ahead and create a new project just to ahead and create a new project just to show you guys what this would look like. show you guys what this would look like. show you guys what this would look like. So, new project. I'm going to call this So, new project. I'm going to call this So, new project. I'm going to call this one Claude Code GWS. And we're just one Claude Code GWS. And we're just one Claude Code GWS. And we're just going to go ahead and create this going to go ahead and create this going to go ahead and create this project. So, this is spinning up right project. So, this is spinning up right project. So, this is spinning up right now as you can see. And now that it has now as you can see. And now that it has now as you can see. And now that it has been created, I'm going to select it so been created, I'm going to select it so been created, I'm going to select it so we're inside of it. And then I'm going we're inside of it. And then I'm going we're inside of it. And then I'm going to go up here and type in APIs and to go up here and type in APIs and to go up here and type in APIs and services. Click on that. And we have to services. Click on that. And we have to services. Click on that. And we have to set up our OOTH consent screen. So, I'll set up our OOTH consent screen. So, I'll set up our OOTH consent screen. So, I'll click on this. and it's going to say get click on this. and it's going to say get click on this. and it's going to say get started. Click on that. We have to give started. Click on that. We have to give started. Click on that. We have to give our app a name. And then we have to our app a name. And then we have to our app a name. And then we have to choose an audience. So I'm just going to choose an audience. So I'm just going to choose an audience. So I'm just going to do internal because I only need this do internal because I only need this do internal because I only need this right now for my own organization. If right now for my own organization. If right now for my own organization. If you want to do external, it'll basically you want to do external, it'll basically you want to do external, it'll basically have you do testing or published. And if have you do testing or published. And if have you do testing or published. And if you do testing, just make sure that you you do testing, just make sure that you you do testing, just make sure that you add your email as a test user. And then add your email as a test user. And then add your email as a test user. And then all you have to do after you put in your all you have to do after you put in your all you have to do after you put in your contact information is hit I agree. And contact information is hit I agree. And contact information is hit I agree. And then you go ahead and create that. Now then you go ahead and create that. Now then you go ahead and create that. Now once that has been done, you're going to once that has been done, you're going to once that has been done, you're going to go to create a client ID. So, I'm going go to create a client ID. So, I'm going go to create a client ID. So, I'm going to go back into APIs and services. I'm to go back into APIs and services. I'm to go back into APIs and services. I'm going to go to credentials and then I'm going to go to credentials and then I'm going to go to credentials and then I'm going to go ahead and do a create going to go ahead and do a create going to go ahead and do a create credential oath client ID. Now, in here, credential oath client ID. Now, in here, credential oath client ID. Now, in here, we're going to choose a desktop app. I'm we're going to choose a desktop app. I'm we're going to choose a desktop app. I'm going to just call this GWS and go ahead going to just call this GWS and go ahead going to just call this GWS and go ahead and hit create. And now, we have our and hit create. And now, we have our and hit create. And now, we have our client ID and our client secret. And so, client ID and our client secret. And so, client ID and our client secret. And so, what you're going to do is download this what you're going to do is download this what you're going to do is download this as a JSON file. Now, you can see here as a JSON file. Now, you can see here as a JSON file. Now, you can see here that it says to download that file and that it says to download that file and that it says to download that file and save it to your global.config/GWS. save it to your global.config/GWS. save it to your global.config/GWS. So, basically, if you can't find this, So, basically, if you can't find this, So, basically, if you can't find this, just say, "Hey, can you give that to me just say, "Hey, can you give that to me just say, "Hey, can you give that to me in a full path?" And then you can paste in a full path?" And then you can paste in a full path?" And then you can paste that into your finder or your file that into your finder or your file that into your finder or your file explorer and it will take you there. It explorer and it will take you there. It explorer and it will take you there. It will probably look something like this. will probably look something like this. will probably look something like this. And then you just drag in that And then you just drag in that And then you just drag in that credential thing. I called mine client credential thing. I called mine client credential thing. I called mine client secret. And cloud code will be able to secret. And cloud code will be able to secret. And cloud code will be able to look at this globally now. And so what look at this globally now. And so what look at this globally now. And so what you'll notice is that we didn't in this you'll notice is that we didn't in this you'll notice is that we didn't in this project yet enable these APIs. So let me project yet enable these APIs. So let me project yet enable these APIs. So let me just show you what happens without that. just show you what happens without that. just show you what happens without that. So it says the last step is to run GWS So it says the last step is to run GWS So it says the last step is to run GWS off login. So I just said, hey, I off login. So I just said, hey, I off login. So I just said, hey, I finished option B. The credentials are finished option B. The credentials are finished option B. The credentials are called client secret. And then I told it called client secret. And then I told it called client secret. And then I told it to run the O login. So that should to run the O login. So that should to run the O login. So that should basically open up a tab for you, but if basically open up a tab for you, but if basically open up a tab for you, but if it doesn't, then you can ask for it to it doesn't, then you can ask for it to it doesn't, then you can ask for it to give you that URL so that you can give you that URL so that you can give you that URL so that you can actually authenticate in. So you would actually authenticate in. So you would actually authenticate in. So you would basically choose your account that you basically choose your account that you basically choose your account that you want to use. And then you just have to want to use. And then you just have to want to use. And then you just have to basically confirm that it can access all basically confirm that it can access all basically confirm that it can access all of these different things as you can of these different things as you can of these different things as you can see. And then when you hit allow, you see. And then when you hit allow, you see. And then when you hit allow, you should be properly authenticated. After should be properly authenticated. After should be properly authenticated. After that, it's going to come back and say, that, it's going to come back and say, that, it's going to come back and say, "Okay, cool. Let me see if everything "Okay, cool. Let me see if everything "Okay, cool. Let me see if everything works." Now, this hasn't been perfect on works." Now, this hasn't been perfect on works." Now, this hasn't been perfect on the first try every time, but if you the first try every time, but if you the first try every time, but if you just go back and forth a little bit, just go back and forth a little bit, just go back and forth a little bit, say, "Hey, that didn't work. Hey, this say, "Hey, that didn't work. Hey, this say, "Hey, that didn't work. Hey, this is what I'm seeing." It will be able to is what I'm seeing." It will be able to is what I'm seeing." It will be able to get you there. It's going to be your get you there. It's going to be your get you there. It's going to be your best friend for something like this best friend for something like this best friend for something like this because remember it can read all of the because remember it can read all of the because remember it can read all of the actual documentation. And now it says actual documentation. And now it says actual documentation. And now it says that the author is working, but we have that the author is working, but we have that the author is working, but we have to enable these APIs in our Google Cloud to enable these APIs in our Google Cloud to enable these APIs in our Google Cloud projects. So basically just clicking projects. So basically just clicking projects. So basically just clicking open these one at a time and all you open these one at a time and all you open these one at a time and all you have to do is hit enable. So it's super have to do is hit enable. So it's super have to do is hit enable. So it's super simple. You just have to do this like I simple. You just have to do this like I simple. You just have to do this like I said for all of these different services said for all of these different services said for all of these different services that you actually want to be able to that you actually want to be able to that you actually want to be able to use. So that's why I did this on a new use. So that's why I did this on a new use. So that's why I did this on a new project cuz I just wanted you guys to project cuz I just wanted you guys to project cuz I just wanted you guys to see that. But if you already have one see that. But if you already have one see that. But if you already have one that has all these enabled, then you can that has all these enabled, then you can that has all these enabled, then you can just use that project and generate that just use that project and generate that just use that project and generate that OOTH client ID. So there you go. You can OOTH client ID. So there you go. You can OOTH client ID. So there you go. You can see that this works. I said, "Can you see that this works. I said, "Can you see that this works. I said, "Can you find my Google doc that I made in April find my Google doc that I made in April find my Google doc that I made in April of 2025?" And I went ahead and pulled of 2025?" And I went ahead and pulled of 2025?" And I went ahead and pulled links to all five of these because links to all five of these because links to all five of these because obviously that was a very vague request. obviously that was a very vague request. obviously that was a very vague request. And now we could take action pretty much And now we could take action pretty much And now we could take action pretty much anywhere in Google Workspace super anywhere in Google Workspace super anywhere in Google Workspace super simply with this CLI. But like I said, I simply with this CLI. But like I said, I simply with this CLI. But like I said, I just got this set up today and I've been just got this set up today and I've been just got this set up today and I've been playing around with it a ton in my playing around with it a ton in my playing around with it a ton in my executive assistant project and it's executive assistant project and it's executive assistant project and it's been awesome. It can literally do been awesome. It can literally do been awesome. It can literally do anything. So here I'm asking it to grab anything. So here I'm asking it to grab anything. So here I'm asking it to grab my unread emails from today and based on my unread emails from today and based on my unread emails from today and based on what it knows about my business and my what it knows about my business and my what it knows about my business and my priorities, give them a score. And if priorities, give them a score. And if priorities, give them a score. And if the priority score is below five, just the priority score is below five, just the priority score is below five, just mark it as unread automatically. All mark it as unread automatically. All mark it as unread automatically. All right. All right. So, here you can see right. All right. So, here you can see right. All right. So, here you can see it said, "Got 30 unread emails. Here's it said, "Got 30 unread emails. Here's it said, "Got 30 unread emails. Here's my priority score based on your business my priority score based on your business my priority score based on your business context." And as I scroll down, you can context." And as I scroll down, you can context." And as I scroll down, you can see that it's getting different ratings. see that it's getting different ratings. see that it's getting different ratings. And based on what I'm seeing right now, And based on what I'm seeing right now, And based on what I'm seeing right now, this actually looks pretty good. So then this actually looks pretty good. So then this actually looks pretty good. So then I started playing around with Google I started playing around with Google I started playing around with Google Slides because I use Gamma right now, Slides because I use Gamma right now, Slides because I use Gamma right now, but at some point I could imagine that but at some point I could imagine that but at some point I could imagine that if this gets good enough, then I if this gets good enough, then I if this gets good enough, then I wouldn't need Gamma anymore. And this is wouldn't need Gamma anymore. And this is wouldn't need Gamma anymore. And this is a free option compared to Gamma a free option compared to Gamma a free option compared to Gamma subscription. So I had it create me a subscription. So I had it create me a subscription. So I had it create me a slide deck and it was okay. I threw in slide deck and it was okay. I threw in slide deck and it was okay. I threw in my brand guidelines. I threw in my logo my brand guidelines. I threw in my logo my brand guidelines. I threw in my logo and I said, "Hey, can you see this? you and I said, "Hey, can you see this? you and I said, "Hey, can you see this? you created this using the Google slides and created this using the Google slides and created this using the Google slides and it's okay but there's some weird things it's okay but there's some weird things it's okay but there's some weird things that I need you to fix. So then it came that I need you to fix. So then it came that I need you to fix. So then it came back and said I cannot see the slides. I back and said I cannot see the slides. I back and said I cannot see the slides. I just know how to build them just know how to build them just know how to build them programmatically. So that's why there programmatically. So that's why there programmatically. So that's why there may be some errors with spacing and may be some errors with spacing and may be some errors with spacing and stuff. So then I basically just gave it stuff. So then I basically just gave it stuff. So then I basically just gave it access to ChromeDev tools so that it access to ChromeDev tools so that it access to ChromeDev tools so that it could open the page, screenshot it, look could open the page, screenshot it, look could open the page, screenshot it, look at it and then we built a plan to add at it and then we built a plan to add at it and then we built a plan to add visual validation to this Google Slide visual validation to this Google Slide visual validation to this Google Slide Creator skill. So now you can see as Creator skill. So now you can see as Creator skill. So now you can see as it's going through it actually takes it's going through it actually takes it's going through it actually takes screenshots and then it can make fixes screenshots and then it can make fixes screenshots and then it can make fixes based on that. So then after it fixes based on that. So then after it fixes based on that. So then after it fixes everything, it says, "Okay, cool. everything, it says, "Okay, cool. everything, it says, "Okay, cool. Updated the skill. Take a look at it Updated the skill. Take a look at it Updated the skill. Take a look at it now." So I'll open up this link. Brings now." So I'll open up this link. Brings now." So I'll open up this link. Brings me to Google Slides where I have this me to Google Slides where I have this me to Google Slides where I have this slide deck. It has kind of my brand slide deck. It has kind of my brand slide deck. It has kind of my brand colors. It's got the logo up top right. colors. It's got the logo up top right. colors. It's got the logo up top right. And then as we go through, we can also And then as we go through, we can also And then as we go through, we can also see that the spacing is a little bit see that the spacing is a little bit see that the spacing is a little bit better. It's still not perfect better. It's still not perfect better. It's still not perfect obviously, but we have custom images obviously, but we have custom images obviously, but we have custom images here that were generated with Nano here that were generated with Nano here that were generated with Nano Banana 2. And even the images are kind Banana 2. And even the images are kind Banana 2. And even the images are kind of on brand with the sort of orange and of on brand with the sort of orange and of on brand with the sort of orange and blue color scheme. As you can see, we've blue color scheme. As you can see, we've blue color scheme. As you can see, we've got this one with the WAT framework. got this one with the WAT framework. got this one with the WAT framework. We've got this slide. And it even ends We've got this slide. And it even ends We've got this slide. And it even ends with a CTA for the free school with a CTA for the free school with a CTA for the free school community. So, just to see what else community. So, just to see what else community. So, just to see what else happens, I'm going to say, "Take a look happens, I'm going to say, "Take a look happens, I'm going to say, "Take a look at the slide deck and do another audit. at the slide deck and do another audit. at the slide deck and do another audit. How could you improve the skill in the How could you improve the skill in the How could you improve the skill in the future?" So, it's going to go ahead open future?" So, it's going to go ahead open future?" So, it's going to go ahead open up a tab as you guys just saw. It's up a tab as you guys just saw. It's up a tab as you guys just saw. It's going to take images. It's going to going to take images. It's going to going to take images. It's going to flick through the different slides and flick through the different slides and flick through the different slides and capture them. And as you can see over capture them. And as you can see over capture them. And as you can see over here, it now says take screenshot. And here, it now says take screenshot. And here, it now says take screenshot. And now, it's reading that screenshot right now, it's reading that screenshot right now, it's reading that screenshot right there. there. there. Now, it just moved on to the next slide. Now, it just moved on to the next slide. Now, it just moved on to the next slide. And it's going to go through and look at And it's going to go through and look at And it's going to go through and look at every single slide. And then, it's going every single slide. And then, it's going every single slide. And then, it's going to come back with a plan. And we could to come back with a plan. And we could to come back with a plan. And we could probably do a similar visual and probably do a similar visual and probably do a similar visual and validate flow with creating Google Docs validate flow with creating Google Docs validate flow with creating Google Docs as well. So now you can see it's almost as well. So now you can see it's almost as well. So now you can see it's almost on to that last slide. And I hope it on to that last slide. And I hope it on to that last slide. And I hope it fixes this last slide because what you fixes this last slide because what you fixes this last slide because what you can see here is that the spacing is can see here is that the spacing is can see here is that the spacing is really off down here. So you can see it really off down here. So you can see it really off down here. So you can see it came back with an audit. It came back came back with an audit. It came back came back with an audit. It came back with some future improvements. And one with some future improvements. And one with some future improvements. And one thing that I did notice is that because thing that I did notice is that because thing that I did notice is that because I made the window smaller, its I made the window smaller, its I made the window smaller, its screenshots were probably worse quality. screenshots were probably worse quality. screenshots were probably worse quality. So it said presentation mode screenshots So it said presentation mode screenshots So it said presentation mode screenshots would probably be better. But anyways, I would probably be better. But anyways, I would probably be better. But anyways, I just wanted to give you guys a little just wanted to give you guys a little just wanted to give you guys a little taste of how you can use the GWS CLI. taste of how you can use the GWS CLI. taste of how you can use the GWS CLI. but also use it with other tools to make but also use it with other tools to make but also use it with other tools to make the functionality even more powerful. the functionality even more powerful. the functionality even more powerful. So, just remember that this is very new. So, just remember that this is very new. So, just remember that this is very new. There's a lot of people out there on There's a lot of people out there on There's a lot of people out there on Twitter right now saying that this is Twitter right now saying that this is Twitter right now saying that this is insanely overpowered. There's also a lot insanely overpowered. There's also a lot insanely overpowered. There's also a lot of people that are saying that it just of people that are saying that it just of people that are saying that it just feels kind of finicky. So far for me, feels kind of finicky. So far for me, feels kind of finicky. So far for me, it's been pretty great. Everything that it's been pretty great. Everything that it's been pretty great. Everything that I've asked it to do or find or schedule, I've asked it to do or find or schedule, I've asked it to do or find or schedule, whatever it is, it's been doing that whatever it is, it's been doing that whatever it is, it's been doing that pretty much perfectly. But there are pretty much perfectly. But there are pretty much perfectly. But there are some people saying that it's asking them some people saying that it's asking them some people saying that it's asking them to reauthenticate multiple times. So, if to reauthenticate multiple times. So, if to reauthenticate multiple times. So, if that's a little frustrating, I guess that's a little frustrating, I guess that's a little frustrating, I guess just keep in mind that it will only get just keep in mind that it will only get just keep in mind that it will only get better and we're not even to version one better and we're not even to version one better and we're not even to version one yet. So I definitely recommend that you yet. So I definitely recommend that you yet. So I definitely recommend that you come to this GitHub, read about it, but come to this GitHub, read about it, but come to this GitHub, read about it, but more importantly get this thing more importantly get this thing more importantly get this thing installed in your cloud code setup and installed in your cloud code setup and installed in your cloud code setup and just start using it, using it, using it. just start using it, using it, using it. just start using it, using it, using it. All right, are you ready for a really All right, are you ready for a really All right, are you ready for a really fun project? We are going to build our fun project? We are going to build our fun project? We are going to build our own executive assistant. So think about own executive assistant. So think about own executive assistant. So think about everything that you've done so far in everything that you've done so far in everything that you've done so far in this course. We built some workflows. this course. We built some workflows. this course. We built some workflows. We've talked about the folder We've talked about the folder We've talked about the folder architecture. We've talked about claw architecture. We've talked about claw architecture. We've talked about claw MD. We've done a lot of different MD. We've done a lot of different MD. We've done a lot of different things, right? Let's turn this into an things, right? Let's turn this into an things, right? Let's turn this into an actual system that can know everything actual system that can know everything actual system that can know everything about our business and that we can use about our business and that we can use about our business and that we can use all the time. Essentially, a second all the time. Essentially, a second all the time. Essentially, a second brain. Now, before you guys hop into brain. Now, before you guys hop into brain. Now, before you guys hop into this next one, I wanted to preface this next one, I wanted to preface this next one, I wanted to preface something just to make sure that there's something just to make sure that there's something just to make sure that there's no confusion. So, what you're going to no confusion. So, what you're going to no confusion. So, what you're going to notice is that I've got some skills notice is that I've got some skills notice is that I've got some skills running. And if you just think back to running. And if you just think back to running. And if you just think back to earlier when we were building a earlier when we were building a earlier when we were building a workflows using the WAT framework, workflows using the WAT framework, workflows using the WAT framework, workflows agent tools. Skills are workflows agent tools. Skills are workflows agent tools. Skills are basically workflows. They're basically basically workflows. They're basically basically workflows. They're basically the exact same thing. We build out, you the exact same thing. We build out, you the exact same thing. We build out, you know, markdown SOPs, natural language know, markdown SOPs, natural language know, markdown SOPs, natural language instructions that cloud code can read instructions that cloud code can read instructions that cloud code can read and execute on natural language. So, as and execute on natural language. So, as and execute on natural language. So, as I start to talk about skills and as we I start to talk about skills and as we I start to talk about skills and as we start to learn more about that, just start to learn more about that, just start to learn more about that, just think of them as the workflows from think of them as the workflows from think of them as the workflows from earlier in this course because workflows earlier in this course because workflows earlier in this course because workflows have tools that it can call on. And have tools that it can call on. And have tools that it can call on. And guess what? Skills have Python scripts guess what? Skills have Python scripts guess what? Skills have Python scripts that they can call on. So, they're that they can call on. So, they're that they can call on. So, they're literally the exact same thing. I just literally the exact same thing. I just literally the exact same thing. I just like to start off calling them workflows like to start off calling them workflows like to start off calling them workflows and tools because I think that it's just and tools because I think that it's just and tools because I think that it's just a little bit more intuitive. So, a little bit more intuitive. So, a little bit more intuitive. So, hopefully you guys get that, but it'll hopefully you guys get that, but it'll hopefully you guys get that, but it'll click as soon as you get through these click as soon as you get through these click as soon as you get through these next couple videos. So, let's not waste next couple videos. So, let's not waste next couple videos. So, let's not waste any time. I hope you guys are excited. any time. I hope you guys are excited. any time. I hope you guys are excited. Let's get into it. This right here is my Claude Code This right here is my Claude Code This right here is my Claude Code executive assistant. Let me show you a executive assistant. Let me show you a executive assistant. Let me show you a few things that it can do. Okay, so I'm few things that it can do. Okay, so I'm few things that it can do. Okay, so I'm going to start off by saying pretend going to start off by saying pretend going to start off by saying pretend that it's morning because it's not right that it's morning because it's not right that it's morning because it's not right now and use the morning coffee skill to now and use the morning coffee skill to now and use the morning coffee skill to help me plan my day. So, I'm going to help me plan my day. So, I'm going to help me plan my day. So, I'm going to shoot that off. Now, while that's going, shoot that off. Now, while that's going, shoot that off. Now, while that's going, I'm going to open up a new tab and I'm I'm going to open up a new tab and I'm I'm going to open up a new tab and I'm going to shoot off this message that going to shoot off this message that going to shoot off this message that says, "Spin up a sub agent to do says, "Spin up a sub agent to do says, "Spin up a sub agent to do research on the new Cloud Code voice research on the new Cloud Code voice research on the new Cloud Code voice feature and then create both a LinkedIn feature and then create both a LinkedIn feature and then create both a LinkedIn post and a Twitter style carousel for post and a Twitter style carousel for post and a Twitter style carousel for me." It's created a to-do list and it's me." It's created a to-do list and it's me." It's created a to-do list and it's getting going on that. I'm opening up getting going on that. I'm opening up getting going on that. I'm opening up another window and I'm saying do a pulse another window and I'm saying do a pulse another window and I'm saying do a pulse check on the team to see if we're on check on the team to see if we're on check on the team to see if we're on track for the week and for the quarter. track for the week and for the quarter. track for the week and for the quarter. And finally, one more just for fun. And finally, one more just for fun. And finally, one more just for fun. Create me a visualization for a YouTube Create me a visualization for a YouTube Create me a visualization for a YouTube video where I want to explain why having video where I want to explain why having video where I want to explain why having Claude as an executive assistant is Claude as an executive assistant is Claude as an executive assistant is awesome. And now it's using a awesome. And now it's using a awesome. And now it's using a visualization skill. So what you're visualization skill. So what you're visualization skill. So what you're watching right now are four different watching right now are four different watching right now are four different agents. 1 2 3 4. All doing things for me agents. 1 2 3 4. All doing things for me agents. 1 2 3 4. All doing things for me in parallel. And not just for a cool in parallel. And not just for a cool in parallel. And not just for a cool demo, but these are actually things that demo, but these are actually things that demo, but these are actually things that I do every single day or every single I do every single day or every single I do every single day or every single other day. So, the first agent's done, other day. So, the first agent's done, other day. So, the first agent's done, which is our morning coffee. And we can which is our morning coffee. And we can which is our morning coffee. And we can see this is what is on the calendar for see this is what is on the calendar for see this is what is on the calendar for today. That's crazy that it said March today. That's crazy that it said March today. That's crazy that it said March 5th. It's actually the 4th, but still 5th. It's actually the 4th, but still 5th. It's actually the 4th, but still this is all correct. So, it looked this is all correct. So, it looked this is all correct. So, it looked through my calendar. It looked through through my calendar. It looked through through my calendar. It looked through my project management and our quarterly my project management and our quarterly my project management and our quarterly goals. And it pulled in urgent action goals. And it pulled in urgent action goals. And it pulled in urgent action items. It also pulled in my video items. It also pulled in my video items. It also pulled in my video pipeline. So, it sees what I'm scripting pipeline. So, it sees what I'm scripting pipeline. So, it sees what I'm scripting and what's in the backlog. And it uses and what's in the backlog. And it uses and what's in the backlog. And it uses all of this context as well as all of this context as well as all of this context as well as everything on this lefth hand side which everything on this lefth hand side which everything on this lefth hand side which are, you know, current priorities, me, are, you know, current priorities, me, are, you know, current priorities, me, OTAAS, my team, work, we've got OTAAS, my team, work, we've got OTAAS, my team, work, we've got projects, we've got decisions, we've got projects, we've got decisions, we've got projects, we've got decisions, we've got all this stuff in here that it's able to all this stuff in here that it's able to all this stuff in here that it's able to look through. So, we've basically given look through. So, we've basically given look through. So, we've basically given it access to everything going on in my it access to everything going on in my it access to everything going on in my business and now it's able to just plan business and now it's able to just plan business and now it's able to just plan out my entire day and I can go ahead and out my entire day and I can go ahead and out my entire day and I can go ahead and say yes and it will just block off my say yes and it will just block off my say yes and it will just block off my whole calendar. And I really love doing whole calendar. And I really love doing whole calendar. And I really love doing this because if I don't have to have this because if I don't have to have this because if I don't have to have that decision fatigue of what should I that decision fatigue of what should I that decision fatigue of what should I do with my next 15 minutes, my next hour do with my next 15 minutes, my next hour do with my next 15 minutes, my next hour and it's just done for me, I'm way more and it's just done for me, I'm way more and it's just done for me, I'm way more productive. The second one is done. So, productive. The second one is done. So, productive. The second one is done. So, we had a sub agent doing research. We've we had a sub agent doing research. We've we had a sub agent doing research. We've got a LinkedIn post and we've got our got a LinkedIn post and we've got our got a LinkedIn post and we've got our carousel. So, right here is the LinkedIn carousel. So, right here is the LinkedIn carousel. So, right here is the LinkedIn post which is in my tone of voice as you post which is in my tone of voice as you post which is in my tone of voice as you can see. And then if I go over here to can see. And then if I go over here to can see. And then if I go over here to our projects and I go to carousels and I our projects and I go to carousels and I our projects and I go to carousels and I go to March 4th, we can see that we have go to March 4th, we can see that we have go to March 4th, we can see that we have seven slides. We've got slide one which seven slides. We've got slide one which seven slides. We've got slide one which is you can now talk to your code editor. is you can now talk to your code editor. is you can now talk to your code editor. Slide two cloud code voice mode is live. Slide two cloud code voice mode is live. Slide two cloud code voice mode is live. Slide three. Slide four. I think you Slide three. Slide four. I think you Slide three. Slide four. I think you guys get the point. And then here's guys get the point. And then here's guys get the point. And then here's slide seven which is the CTA. Now we've slide seven which is the CTA. Now we've slide seven which is the CTA. Now we've got the pulse check which is an even got the pulse check which is an even got the pulse check which is an even deeper dive than that morning coffee deeper dive than that morning coffee deeper dive than that morning coffee skill. It's looking at all of the skill. It's looking at all of the skill. It's looking at all of the initiatives that we currently have in initiatives that we currently have in initiatives that we currently have in progress and I can see each task and the progress and I can see each task and the progress and I can see each task and the current status and based on all that current status and based on all that current status and based on all that information and based on our goals, it information and based on our goals, it information and based on our goals, it gives me follow-ups. So, I'm really gives me follow-ups. So, I'm really gives me follow-ups. So, I'm really easily able to check in on the team and easily able to check in on the team and easily able to check in on the team and make sure that everything is actually make sure that everything is actually make sure that everything is actually progressing. And the last one is our progressing. And the last one is our progressing. And the last one is our actual visualization for an executive actual visualization for an executive actual visualization for an executive assistant. So, I would just need to go assistant. So, I would just need to go assistant. So, I would just need to go to projects. I would go to to projects. I would go to to projects. I would go to visualizations and we should see March visualizations and we should see March visualizations and we should see March 4th, we have Claude executive assistant 4th, we have Claude executive assistant 4th, we have Claude executive assistant PNG. So, here's what we got. We've got PNG. So, here's what we got. We've got PNG. So, here's what we got. We've got you on the lefth hand side where you're you on the lefth hand side where you're you on the lefth hand side where you're buried in work and on the right hand buried in work and on the right hand buried in work and on the right hand side we've got with Claude executive side we've got with Claude executive side we've got with Claude executive assistant. And I'm actually going to use assistant. And I'm actually going to use assistant. And I'm actually going to use this in the video. So, that was a quick this in the video. So, that was a quick this in the video. So, that was a quick demo. You guys got a little bit of a demo. You guys got a little bit of a demo. You guys got a little bit of a taste of what this executive assistant taste of what this executive assistant taste of what this executive assistant can do for me. Now, don't be overwhelmed can do for me. Now, don't be overwhelmed can do for me. Now, don't be overwhelmed by all these files over here. I've built by all these files over here. I've built by all these files over here. I've built this up by using it every day, but I'm this up by using it every day, but I'm this up by using it every day, but I'm going to show you guys exactly how you going to show you guys exactly how you going to show you guys exactly how you can follow this framework to have can follow this framework to have can follow this framework to have basically your own Herk 2, which is what basically your own Herk 2, which is what basically your own Herk 2, which is what I have right here, but it would be for I have right here, but it would be for I have right here, but it would be for you. And so, all four of these things you. And so, all four of these things you. And so, all four of these things that just happened probably took me a that just happened probably took me a that just happened probably took me a minute or two. And if I was to do each minute or two. And if I was to do each minute or two. And if I was to do each of those manually, it would have taken of those manually, it would have taken of those manually, it would have taken me at least 25 minutes. So, if you want me at least 25 minutes. So, if you want me at least 25 minutes. So, if you want to know how you can build this for to know how you can build this for to know how you can build this for yourself, let's get into it. So today yourself, let's get into it. So today yourself, let's get into it. So today you are going to be building your own you are going to be building your own you are going to be building your own executive assistant with claude code. executive assistant with claude code. executive assistant with claude code. But I wanted to start off real quick by But I wanted to start off real quick by But I wanted to start off real quick by just talking about what most people do just talking about what most people do just talking about what most people do and why that's not really the same and why that's not really the same and why that's not really the same thing. So with something like claude or thing. So with something like claude or thing. So with something like claude or chatbt, we've been way more productive chatbt, we've been way more productive chatbt, we've been way more productive because we've been able to save because we've been able to save because we've been able to save memories. We've been able to save, you memories. We've been able to save, you memories. We've been able to save, you know, maybe custom skills or custom know, maybe custom skills or custom know, maybe custom skills or custom prompts. There's still so many times prompts. There's still so many times prompts. There's still so many times where you've probably thought to where you've probably thought to where you've probably thought to yourself, man, I wish this thing just yourself, man, I wish this thing just yourself, man, I wish this thing just knew everything about what's going on. knew everything about what's going on. knew everything about what's going on. So in that old way, you kind of feel So in that old way, you kind of feel So in that old way, you kind of feel like you're repeating yourself a lot or like you're repeating yourself a lot or like you're repeating yourself a lot or you're giving it extra context or it's you're giving it extra context or it's you're giving it extra context or it's just helping you get maybe like 50% of just helping you get maybe like 50% of just helping you get maybe like 50% of the way there instead of 90% of the way the way there instead of 90% of the way the way there instead of 90% of the way there. But with an AI assistant, it there. But with an AI assistant, it there. But with an AI assistant, it knows your name, your business, your knows your name, your business, your knows your name, your business, your priorities, your team, your current priorities, your team, your current priorities, your team, your current things. It knows the decisions you've things. It knows the decisions you've things. It knows the decisions you've made. And it can also do things for you made. And it can also do things for you made. And it can also do things for you like check in with the team. It can like check in with the team. It can like check in with the team. It can create stuff. It can research. It can create stuff. It can research. It can create stuff. It can research. It can plan your day. And this is the visual plan your day. And this is the visual plan your day. And this is the visual that we just generated together. And I that we just generated together. And I that we just generated together. And I actually like this more because it's actually like this more because it's actually like this more because it's showing that I'm able to create more showing that I'm able to create more showing that I'm able to create more YouTube videos because of this YouTube videos because of this YouTube videos because of this assistant. So, the benefits are pretty assistant. So, the benefits are pretty assistant. So, the benefits are pretty clear here. You can save a lot of time. clear here. You can save a lot of time. clear here. You can save a lot of time. You never have to really repeat You never have to really repeat You never have to really repeat yourself. You scale your team. And you yourself. You scale your team. And you yourself. You scale your team. And you could potentially sell this skill could potentially sell this skill could potentially sell this skill because now you understand how to set up because now you understand how to set up because now you understand how to set up these frameworks with context management these frameworks with context management these frameworks with context management and you know memory. And in this process and you know memory. And in this process and you know memory. And in this process of building your own assistant, you're of building your own assistant, you're of building your own assistant, you're going to get so much better at cloud going to get so much better at cloud going to get so much better at cloud code, which is a really good skill to code, which is a really good skill to code, which is a really good skill to have. So like I said, today I'm going to have. So like I said, today I'm going to have. So like I said, today I'm going to be showing you guys exactly how I built be showing you guys exactly how I built be showing you guys exactly how I built this thing. And there's four main this thing. And there's four main this thing. And there's four main phases. So phase one is we need to give phases. So phase one is we need to give phases. So phase one is we need to give it a home. So that's kind of like the it a home. So that's kind of like the it a home. So that's kind of like the structure of our project, which I think structure of our project, which I think structure of our project, which I think is the most difficult or kind of like is the most difficult or kind of like is the most difficult or kind of like the most confusing thing up front the most confusing thing up front the most confusing thing up front because as you guys saw in my project, because as you guys saw in my project, because as you guys saw in my project, there's a lot of folders and in each of there's a lot of folders and in each of there's a lot of folders and in each of these folders, there's a lot of these folders, there's a lot of these folders, there's a lot of subfolders. So there's a lot going on. subfolders. So there's a lot going on. subfolders. So there's a lot going on. So it's really important to be able to So it's really important to be able to So it's really important to be able to make sure that you know where stuff is, make sure that you know where stuff is, make sure that you know where stuff is, but that Claude also knows where but that Claude also knows where but that Claude also knows where everything is because as you scale, more everything is because as you scale, more everything is because as you scale, more and more files will be created, more and and more files will be created, more and and more files will be created, more and more skills, more and more processes. more skills, more and more processes. more skills, more and more processes. After we've given it a home, we need to After we've given it a home, we need to After we've given it a home, we need to give it some life. So we need to give it give it some life. So we need to give it give it some life. So we need to give it some rules. We need to give it some some rules. We need to give it some some rules. We need to give it some context about you. It needs to learn context about you. It needs to learn context about you. It needs to learn everything about you and what you're everything about you and what you're everything about you and what you're currently up to. After that, we need to currently up to. After that, we need to currently up to. After that, we need to give it hands. So we're going to build a give it hands. So we're going to build a give it hands. So we're going to build a first skill together. And then we're first skill together. And then we're first skill together. And then we're going to see how we can build more and going to see how we can build more and going to see how we can build more and more skills and sub agents and stuff more skills and sub agents and stuff more skills and sub agents and stuff like that so that it actually gets more like that so that it actually gets more like that so that it actually gets more useful at doing things for you rather useful at doing things for you rather useful at doing things for you rather than just like helping you think. And than just like helping you think. And than just like helping you think. And then finally talking about how we then finally talking about how we then finally talking about how we actually let this thing grow. How do we actually let this thing grow. How do we actually let this thing grow. How do we improve it? How do we really scale it? improve it? How do we really scale it? improve it? How do we really scale it? And how do we make sure that this And how do we make sure that this And how do we make sure that this assistant actually gets smarter over assistant actually gets smarter over assistant actually gets smarter over time and really is leverage for us. All time and really is leverage for us. All time and really is leverage for us. All right, so phase one, let's give this right, so phase one, let's give this right, so phase one, let's give this thing a home. So, if you guys have thing a home. So, if you guys have thing a home. So, if you guys have watched any videos on my channel with watched any videos on my channel with watched any videos on my channel with Cloud Code, then you've noticed I'm Cloud Code, then you've noticed I'm Cloud Code, then you've noticed I'm using Visual Studio Code, which is just using Visual Studio Code, which is just using Visual Studio Code, which is just an IDE, an integrated development an IDE, an integrated development an IDE, an integrated development environment. It's completely free to environment. It's completely free to environment. It's completely free to download for Windows or Mac. So, go download for Windows or Mac. So, go download for Windows or Mac. So, go ahead and grab that. And then once ahead and grab that. And then once ahead and grab that. And then once you're in there, this is what it should you're in there, this is what it should you're in there, this is what it should look like when you open it up. Now, what look like when you open it up. Now, what look like when you open it up. Now, what you have to do is come over to the lefth you have to do is come over to the lefth you have to do is come over to the lefth hand side, click on extensions, and hand side, click on extensions, and hand side, click on extensions, and you'll type in Claude Code, and it will you'll type in Claude Code, and it will you'll type in Claude Code, and it will look like this. And all you have to do look like this. And all you have to do look like this. And all you have to do is go ahead and install this. When you is go ahead and install this. When you is go ahead and install this. When you do that, it'll prompt you to sign in do that, it'll prompt you to sign in do that, it'll prompt you to sign in with your enthropic subscription, which with your enthropic subscription, which with your enthropic subscription, which you do need to be on a paid plan for you do need to be on a paid plan for you do need to be on a paid plan for Cloud Code. You could use your API key, Cloud Code. You could use your API key, Cloud Code. You could use your API key, but it's better to just have a fixed but it's better to just have a fixed but it's better to just have a fixed cost rather than worrying about how many cost rather than worrying about how many cost rather than worrying about how many tokens you are racking up. All right, so tokens you are racking up. All right, so tokens you are racking up. All right, so once Cloud Code has been installed, once Cloud Code has been installed, once Cloud Code has been installed, you'll notice in the top right there's a you'll notice in the top right there's a you'll notice in the top right there's a little orange button. If you click on little orange button. If you click on little orange button. If you click on that, this is where you have the Cloud that, this is where you have the Cloud that, this is where you have the Cloud Code actual agent that you can go ahead Code actual agent that you can go ahead Code actual agent that you can go ahead and start talking to. But before we and start talking to. But before we and start talking to. But before we start talking to it, we still haven't start talking to it, we still haven't start talking to it, we still haven't really given it a home. So, we need to really given it a home. So, we need to really given it a home. So, we need to set up a folder, which means you need to set up a folder, which means you need to set up a folder, which means you need to open up your file explorer or your open up your file explorer or your open up your file explorer or your Finder or whatever it's called, and Finder or whatever it's called, and Finder or whatever it's called, and create a new folder. So, for this, I'm create a new folder. So, for this, I'm create a new folder. So, for this, I'm just going to be in my desktop. I'm just going to be in my desktop. I'm just going to be in my desktop. I'm creating a new folder, and I'm just creating a new folder, and I'm just creating a new folder, and I'm just going to call this EA demo. EA for going to call this EA demo. EA for going to call this EA demo. EA for executive assistant. And now, what I executive assistant. And now, what I executive assistant. And now, what I have to do is open up that folder in have to do is open up that folder in have to do is open up that folder in Visual Studio Code. So, I'm going to go Visual Studio Code. So, I'm going to go Visual Studio Code. So, I'm going to go on the lefth hand side and click on the on the lefth hand side and click on the on the lefth hand side and click on the explorer. And it says you have not yet explorer. And it says you have not yet explorer. And it says you have not yet opened a folder. This will basically be opened a folder. This will basically be opened a folder. This will basically be your project. And I'm going to go ahead your project. And I'm going to go ahead your project. And I'm going to go ahead and click open folder and open that one and click open folder and open that one and click open folder and open that one up that I just made. So, here is my EA up that I just made. So, here is my EA up that I just made. So, here is my EA demo. Select folder. And now we are demo. Select folder. And now we are demo. Select folder. And now we are actually in our project. This is the actually in our project. This is the actually in our project. This is the home for our cloud code agent because home for our cloud code agent because home for our cloud code agent because what I can do is open up this little what I can do is open up this little what I can do is open up this little button. Close out of everything else. button. Close out of everything else. button. Close out of everything else. And now we have our folder on the lefth And now we have our folder on the lefth And now we have our folder on the lefth hand side. There's no files in there hand side. There's no files in there hand side. There's no files in there yet. And then we have our cloud code yet. And then we have our cloud code yet. And then we have our cloud code agent right here in the middle that we agent right here in the middle that we agent right here in the middle that we can talk to. So now the second piece of can talk to. So now the second piece of can talk to. So now the second piece of giving this a home is understanding how giving this a home is understanding how giving this a home is understanding how cloud.md works and creating our cloud. cloud.md works and creating our cloud. cloud.md works and creating our cloud. MD file. So if you've built an agent in MD file. So if you've built an agent in MD file. So if you've built an agent in naden or you've built a custom GBT with naden or you've built a custom GBT with naden or you've built a custom GBT with chat GBT, you understand that when you chat GBT, you understand that when you chat GBT, you understand that when you do something like that, you have to give do something like that, you have to give do something like that, you have to give it a system prompt. you have to give it it a system prompt. you have to give it it a system prompt. you have to give it instructions. So that's exactly what we instructions. So that's exactly what we instructions. So that's exactly what we need to do here and we do that with a need to do here and we do that with a need to do here and we do that with a claw.md file. So the way that this works claw.md file. So the way that this works claw.md file. So the way that this works is you send something to cloud code and is you send something to cloud code and is you send something to cloud code and before it actually reads your message, before it actually reads your message, before it actually reads your message, it's going to load in the claw.md file it's going to load in the claw.md file it's going to load in the claw.md file and read the entire thing and it's going and read the entire thing and it's going and read the entire thing and it's going to do that every single time. So the to do that every single time. So the to do that every single time. So the claw.mmd file should have only the most claw.mmd file should have only the most claw.mmd file should have only the most important rules about this is what the important rules about this is what the important rules about this is what the project does, this is where you need to project does, this is where you need to project does, this is where you need to look for your rules, this is where you look for your rules, this is where you look for your rules, this is where you look for context, that kind of stuff. look for context, that kind of stuff. look for context, that kind of stuff. because if you fill it super super full because if you fill it super super full because if you fill it super super full of random information, then you're going of random information, then you're going of random information, then you're going to go through your tokens and your to go through your tokens and your to go through your tokens and your context window faster. So, what's context window faster. So, what's context window faster. So, what's ultimately going to happen by the end of ultimately going to happen by the end of ultimately going to happen by the end of this video is you will have not only a this video is you will have not only a this video is you will have not only a cloudMD file, but you'll have acloud cloudMD file, but you'll have acloud cloudMD file, but you'll have acloud file, you'll have projects, you'll have file, you'll have projects, you'll have file, you'll have projects, you'll have context, you'll have decisions, you'll context, you'll have decisions, you'll context, you'll have decisions, you'll have a bunch of different folders in have a bunch of different folders in have a bunch of different folders in here. But the brain cloud.mmd tells here. But the brain cloud.mmd tells here. But the brain cloud.mmd tells cloud code where does everything cloud code where does everything cloud code where does everything actually live. So, that's how we stay actually live. So, that's how we stay actually live. So, that's how we stay really organized. So, all we're going to really organized. So, all we're going to really organized. So, all we're going to do in here to start is we are going to do in here to start is we are going to do in here to start is we are going to come over to the lefth hand side. I'm come over to the lefth hand side. I'm come over to the lefth hand side. I'm going to click on new file and I'm just going to click on new file and I'm just going to click on new file and I'm just going to call it in all caps claude and going to call it in all caps claude and going to call it in all caps claude and then MD. And MD just stands for then MD. And MD just stands for then MD. And MD just stands for markdown. And so what happens is the markdown. And so what happens is the markdown. And so what happens is the cloud.mmd file pops up right here. And cloud.mmd file pops up right here. And cloud.mmd file pops up right here. And you can see that there's not currently you can see that there's not currently you can see that there's not currently anything in there. So I'm just going to anything in there. So I'm just going to anything in there. So I'm just going to say to claude, hey claude code, this say to claude, hey claude code, this say to claude, hey claude code, this folder is for you to be my executive folder is for you to be my executive folder is for you to be my executive assistant. So just throw a quick blurb assistant. So just throw a quick blurb assistant. So just throw a quick blurb about that in the cloud.mmd file. I about that in the cloud.mmd file. I about that in the cloud.mmd file. I shoot that off. It's basically going to shoot that off. It's basically going to shoot that off. It's basically going to look through the project, see what's in look through the project, see what's in look through the project, see what's in here, and then it's going to edit that here, and then it's going to edit that here, and then it's going to edit that file so that we have a little blurb in file so that we have a little blurb in file so that we have a little blurb in there. And unless you're on bypass there. And unless you're on bypass there. And unless you're on bypass permissions mode, it's going to ask you permissions mode, it's going to ask you permissions mode, it's going to ask you for permission here. So now it says for permission here. So now it says for permission here. So now it says done. Cloud.mmd has a quick description done. Cloud.mmd has a quick description done. Cloud.mmd has a quick description of your folder as an executive assistant of your folder as an executive assistant of your folder as an executive assistant workspace. If I click into the cloud.md, workspace. If I click into the cloud.md, workspace. If I click into the cloud.md, you can see this is what we've got. This you can see this is what we've got. This you can see this is what we've got. This folder is cloud code's workspace for folder is cloud code's workspace for folder is cloud code's workspace for acting as an executive assistant. Use it acting as an executive assistant. Use it acting as an executive assistant. Use it to help the user with scheduling, task to help the user with scheduling, task to help the user with scheduling, task management, research, drafting, management, research, drafting, management, research, drafting, communications, and any other EA related communications, and any other EA related communications, and any other EA related work they need. So this is going to work they need. So this is going to work they need. So this is going to evolve throughout the video. You guys evolve throughout the video. You guys evolve throughout the video. You guys will see that once we start to give it will see that once we start to give it will see that once we start to give it some more life, which as you guys know some more life, which as you guys know some more life, which as you guys know is phase two. So, like I said, cloud.mmd is phase two. So, like I said, cloud.mmd is phase two. So, like I said, cloud.mmd is the brain, and it's going to tell is the brain, and it's going to tell is the brain, and it's going to tell cloud code where to look for information cloud code where to look for information cloud code where to look for information about us, which is going to be in a MI about us, which is going to be in a MI about us, which is going to be in a MI file. Information about your business, file. Information about your business, file. Information about your business, which will be in work, information about which will be in work, information about which will be in work, information about your team, which will be in team, and your team, which will be in team, and your team, which will be in team, and then information about what you're then information about what you're then information about what you're currently focusing on right now, which currently focusing on right now, which currently focusing on right now, which will be in priorities. And it will also will be in priorities. And it will also will be in priorities. And it will also understand all of your rules, like the understand all of your rules, like the understand all of your rules, like the way you like to speak, um, your style, way you like to speak, um, your style, way you like to speak, um, your style, formatting, stuff like that. Okay. So, formatting, stuff like that. Okay. So, formatting, stuff like that. Okay. So, I'm going to paste in this prompt, which I'm going to paste in this prompt, which I'm going to paste in this prompt, which you guys will be able to access for free you guys will be able to access for free you guys will be able to access for free in my free school community. I'll have a in my free school community. I'll have a in my free school community. I'll have a post in there associated with this video post in there associated with this video post in there associated with this video and then you just need to basically grab and then you just need to basically grab and then you just need to basically grab that markdown file, copy it and paste it that markdown file, copy it and paste it that markdown file, copy it and paste it into here. You can see that this prompt into here. You can see that this prompt into here. You can see that this prompt is pretty beefy and it's going to is pretty beefy and it's going to is pretty beefy and it's going to basically walk you through and have basically walk you through and have basically walk you through and have Claude Code extract all the information Claude Code extract all the information Claude Code extract all the information out of you that it needs to get this out of you that it needs to get this out of you that it needs to get this project started. So, I'm going to shoot project started. So, I'm going to shoot project started. So, I'm going to shoot this off and we're going to see that this off and we're going to see that this off and we're going to see that it's going to start to ask us some it's going to start to ask us some it's going to start to ask us some questions about us. So, phase one is questions about us. So, phase one is questions about us. So, phase one is creating the folder structure and it's creating the folder structure and it's creating the folder structure and it's initializing a git repo. And now you can initializing a git repo. And now you can initializing a git repo. And now you can see that all of these folders and files see that all of these folders and files see that all of these folders and files have popped up on the lefth hand side have popped up on the lefth hand side have popped up on the lefth hand side which is very similar to how my Herk 2 which is very similar to how my Herk 2 which is very similar to how my Herk 2 project was set up. We've got templates, project was set up. We've got templates, project was set up. We've got templates, references, projects, decisions, references, projects, decisions, references, projects, decisions, context, archives, and the claude. So context, archives, and the claude. So context, archives, and the claude. So all of this stuff is going to start to all of this stuff is going to start to all of this stuff is going to start to get filled up a little bit. And trust get filled up a little bit. And trust get filled up a little bit. And trust me, as you start to use this, it will me, as you start to use this, it will me, as you start to use this, it will make much more sense. So now we are on make much more sense. So now we are on make much more sense. So now we are on phase two, which is the interview phase two, which is the interview phase two, which is the interview section. So first part, what is your section. So first part, what is your section. So first part, what is your name? What's your role? What's your time name? What's your role? What's your time name? What's your role? What's your time zone? Blah blah blah. So I'm just going zone? Blah blah blah. So I'm just going zone? Blah blah blah. So I'm just going to give it some dummy information here. to give it some dummy information here. to give it some dummy information here. Okay, so I shot off my initial answers Okay, so I shot off my initial answers Okay, so I shot off my initial answers and now it's asking us more about our and now it's asking us more about our and now it's asking us more about our business and our work. So, obviously I business and our work. So, obviously I business and our work. So, obviously I am just kind of giving it some dummy am just kind of giving it some dummy am just kind of giving it some dummy information to show you guys how it's information to show you guys how it's information to show you guys how it's going to set up these folders, but this going to set up these folders, but this going to set up these folders, but this is where you should really take some is where you should really take some is where you should really take some time here and let it get to know you and time here and let it get to know you and time here and let it get to know you and give it as much detail as you want give it as much detail as you want give it as much detail as you want because ultimately you're going to want because ultimately you're going to want because ultimately you're going to want it to know all of this stuff either way. it to know all of this stuff either way. it to know all of this stuff either way. So, take your time here. Really give it So, take your time here. Really give it So, take your time here. Really give it information. If it asks you something information. If it asks you something information. If it asks you something and you don't know the answer to it, and you don't know the answer to it, and you don't know the answer to it, maybe just say that you don't know and maybe just say that you don't know and maybe just say that you don't know and see if it can help you brainstorm some see if it can help you brainstorm some see if it can help you brainstorm some stuff. But also, you could just say stuff. But also, you could just say stuff. But also, you could just say skip, you know, I'll set this up later. skip, you know, I'll set this up later. skip, you know, I'll set this up later. And you can see that it might not move And you can see that it might not move And you can see that it might not move on to the next section until it feels on to the next section until it feels on to the next section until it feels like it has enough information. So, like it has enough information. So, like it has enough information. So, right here, it asks if I had anyone key. right here, it asks if I had anyone key. right here, it asks if I had anyone key. I said yes, I have one other person and I said yes, I have one other person and I said yes, I have one other person and I didn't say the name. So, it's asking I didn't say the name. So, it's asking I didn't say the name. So, it's asking what is the name? And now it's moving on what is the name? And now it's moving on what is the name? And now it's moving on to priorities, goals, and projects. to priorities, goals, and projects. to priorities, goals, and projects. Remember that you'll be able to plug it Remember that you'll be able to plug it Remember that you'll be able to plug it in real time into ClickUp or, you know, in real time into ClickUp or, you know, in real time into ClickUp or, you know, ASA or notion or whatever you use for ASA or notion or whatever you use for ASA or notion or whatever you use for your project management and your goals your project management and your goals your project management and your goals because a big part of this is making because a big part of this is making because a big part of this is making sure that everything it's looking at is sure that everything it's looking at is sure that everything it's looking at is actually current. This is just kind of actually current. This is just kind of actually current. This is just kind of the initial onboarding to get it the initial onboarding to get it the initial onboarding to get it familiar with your business. Section familiar with your business. Section familiar with your business. Section five asks about communication five asks about communication five asks about communication preferences. So, how do you actually preferences. So, how do you actually preferences. So, how do you actually like to interact with something? because like to interact with something? because like to interact with something? because this can be really flavored to you. And this can be really flavored to you. And this can be really flavored to you. And remember, none of this stuff is remember, none of this stuff is remember, none of this stuff is permanent. You can always change it permanent. You can always change it permanent. You can always change it later. And the last section is what do later. And the last section is what do later. And the last section is what do you want help with? So like what are the you want help with? So like what are the you want help with? So like what are the recurring tasks that eat up your time? recurring tasks that eat up your time? recurring tasks that eat up your time? What would you hand off to an assistant What would you hand off to an assistant What would you hand off to an assistant first if you could? Are there any first if you could? Are there any first if you could? Are there any specific workflows that you want to specific workflows that you want to specific workflows that you want to automate or templatize? Now, if you automate or templatize? Now, if you automate or templatize? Now, if you don't know right now, that's fine. Just don't know right now, that's fine. Just don't know right now, that's fine. Just say skip because what's going to happen say skip because what's going to happen say skip because what's going to happen is I'm going to challenge you to use is I'm going to challenge you to use is I'm going to challenge you to use this as much as you can. Don't use your this as much as you can. Don't use your this as much as you can. Don't use your custom GBTs. Don't use your projects. custom GBTs. Don't use your projects. custom GBTs. Don't use your projects. Try to migrate everything into here and Try to migrate everything into here and Try to migrate everything into here and just use this. And over time, you'll just use this. And over time, you'll just use this. And over time, you'll realize what is recurring and what are realize what is recurring and what are realize what is recurring and what are processes that you can actually use in processes that you can actually use in processes that you can actually use in cloud code. So I just told it let's skip cloud code. So I just told it let's skip cloud code. So I just told it let's skip that for now and let's just keep on that for now and let's just keep on that for now and let's just keep on moving through the setup. So now that it moving through the setup. So now that it moving through the setup. So now that it has all of our information, it's going has all of our information, it's going has all of our information, it's going to build out the files based on our to build out the files based on our to build out the files based on our answers. And we're going to be able to answers. And we're going to be able to answers. And we're going to be able to see that right now it's writing the MI see that right now it's writing the MI see that right now it's writing the MI file and now it's writing the work file file and now it's writing the work file file and now it's writing the work file and now it's writing the team file and and now it's writing the team file and and now it's writing the team file and the current priorities. And all of this the current priorities. And all of this the current priorities. And all of this is going to get looped back together. is going to get looped back together. is going to get looped back together. All right, so all of this is set up. We All right, so all of this is set up. We All right, so all of this is set up. We have our tree view of our folder have our tree view of our folder have our tree view of our folder structure. So we can really dig into structure. So we can really dig into structure. So we can really dig into this if we want to see what's in the this if we want to see what's in the this if we want to see what's in the cloud or what is in the archives, the cloud or what is in the archives, the cloud or what is in the archives, the context, all this kind of stuff. We get context, all this kind of stuff. We get context, all this kind of stuff. We get a summary of how everything works. So if a summary of how everything works. So if a summary of how everything works. So if you're confused about any of this stuff, you're confused about any of this stuff, you're confused about any of this stuff, you will get a summary and you can also you will get a summary and you can also you will get a summary and you can also ask, hey, like what does this context ask, hey, like what does this context ask, hey, like what does this context file do or what does the archives folder file do or what does the archives folder file do or what does the archives folder do? And it will be able to explain it do? And it will be able to explain it do? And it will be able to explain it for you. But you can see it's populated for you. But you can see it's populated for you. But you can see it's populated this stuff with information about me. this stuff with information about me. this stuff with information about me. The skills that we need to build are on The skills that we need to build are on The skills that we need to build are on the backlog. Otherwise, if you listed the backlog. Otherwise, if you listed the backlog. Otherwise, if you listed some, it would say, okay, cool. Let's some, it would say, okay, cool. Let's some, it would say, okay, cool. Let's just start building those skills right just start building those skills right just start building those skills right now. And as far as keeping the assistant now. And as far as keeping the assistant now. And as far as keeping the assistant sharp weekly, nothing required right sharp weekly, nothing required right sharp weekly, nothing required right now. We have auto memory for daily now. We have auto memory for daily now. We have auto memory for daily learnings. Monthly, we'll update this learnings. Monthly, we'll update this learnings. Monthly, we'll update this stuff. Quarterly, we'll update this stuff. Quarterly, we'll update this stuff. Quarterly, we'll update this stuff. And as needed, we will log stuff. And as needed, we will log stuff. And as needed, we will log decisions in the decision log. And pro decisions in the decision log. And pro decisions in the decision log. And pro tip, if you want your assistant to tip, if you want your assistant to tip, if you want your assistant to remember something permanently, just remember something permanently, just remember something permanently, just tell it remember that I always prefer X. tell it remember that I always prefer X. tell it remember that I always prefer X. And it will save that across all future And it will save that across all future And it will save that across all future conversations. And then the last thing conversations. And then the last thing conversations. And then the last thing it's going to do is an initial git it's going to do is an initial git it's going to do is an initial git commit. And this is just local. It's not commit. And this is just local. It's not commit. And this is just local. It's not going to do a actual GitHub repository going to do a actual GitHub repository going to do a actual GitHub repository out on the cloud. So, this will just out on the cloud. So, this will just out on the cloud. So, this will just kind of locally store these files so kind of locally store these files so kind of locally store these files so that you can have some version control. that you can have some version control. that you can have some version control. But if you want to, you could just say, But if you want to, you could just say, But if you want to, you could just say, "Hey, instead of doing this here, let's "Hey, instead of doing this here, let's "Hey, instead of doing this here, let's actually just do it on GitHub." And then actually just do it on GitHub." And then actually just do it on GitHub." And then you would just give it your email. It you would just give it your email. It you would just give it your email. It would be able to help you sign in. And would be able to help you sign in. And would be able to help you sign in. And then it can actually just make the repo then it can actually just make the repo then it can actually just make the repo for you, and it can handle all of those for you, and it can handle all of those for you, and it can handle all of those future commits and pushes. So the future commits and pushes. So the future commits and pushes. So the benefits of that is that in GitHub, it benefits of that is that in GitHub, it benefits of that is that in GitHub, it basically stores all these folders, all basically stores all these folders, all basically stores all these folders, all these files, which means from any these files, which means from any these files, which means from any device, you could basically pull in that device, you could basically pull in that device, you could basically pull in that repo into cloud code and you could repo into cloud code and you could repo into cloud code and you could always have your executive assistant always have your executive assistant always have your executive assistant ready. You've got cloud backups, you've ready. You've got cloud backups, you've ready. You've got cloud backups, you've got rollbacks, you've got collaboration, got rollbacks, you've got collaboration, got rollbacks, you've got collaboration, and you've got branching. So it's just and you've got branching. So it's just and you've got branching. So it's just best practice to put your codebased best practice to put your codebased best practice to put your codebased projects into GitHub. So let's just real projects into GitHub. So let's just real projects into GitHub. So let's just real quick take a look at what actually quick take a look at what actually quick take a look at what actually happened. So the first thing I want to happened. So the first thing I want to happened. So the first thing I want to look at is the dotcloud. You can see in look at is the dotcloud. You can see in look at is the dotcloud. You can see in here right now we have rules with here right now we have rules with here right now we have rules with communication style. So if I open up communication style. So if I open up communication style. So if I open up this, we can see that it threw in some this, we can see that it threw in some this, we can see that it threw in some information about the way that we like information about the way that we like information about the way that we like to talk. So bullet points, everything to talk. So bullet points, everything to talk. So bullet points, everything concise, no m dashes, internal speak concise, no m dashes, internal speak concise, no m dashes, internal speak casual, external speak even more casual. casual, external speak even more casual. casual, external speak even more casual. If we go to the skills, we can see If we go to the skills, we can see If we go to the skills, we can see there's nothing currently in there. there's nothing currently in there. there's nothing currently in there. There's nothing in the archives folder. There's nothing in the archives folder. There's nothing in the archives folder. In the context folder, we have current In the context folder, we have current In the context folder, we have current priorities. This is everything that I priorities. This is everything that I priorities. This is everything that I just talked about during our setup. It just talked about during our setup. It just talked about during our setup. It also says when this was last updated, also says when this was last updated, also says when this was last updated, which is nice. We've got our goals and which is nice. We've got our goals and which is nice. We've got our goals and milestones, which it says update this milestones, which it says update this milestones, which it says update this file at the start of each quarter. So, file at the start of each quarter. So, file at the start of each quarter. So, that's good. We've got 2026 annual goal, that's good. We've got 2026 annual goal, that's good. We've got 2026 annual goal, Q1 2026, Q2 2026, informal milestones. Q1 2026, Q2 2026, informal milestones. Q1 2026, Q2 2026, informal milestones. We've got the MI file, which is going to We've got the MI file, which is going to We've got the MI file, which is going to evolve a lot over time. You can even evolve a lot over time. You can even evolve a lot over time. You can even give it information about your give it information about your give it information about your background, where you grew up, all this background, where you grew up, all this background, where you grew up, all this kind of stuff, and it can use all of kind of stuff, and it can use all of kind of stuff, and it can use all of that to tailor it even more. We've got that to tailor it even more. We've got that to tailor it even more. We've got the team markdown, so anything that you the team markdown, so anything that you the team markdown, so anything that you needed to know about some of the key needed to know about some of the key needed to know about some of the key people in your organization. And then people in your organization. And then people in your organization. And then we've got the work MD, which has some we've got the work MD, which has some we've got the work MD, which has some business and company information. In the business and company information. In the business and company information. In the decisions folder, we have a log. So, decisions folder, we have a log. So, decisions folder, we have a log. So, anything major that happens, it will be anything major that happens, it will be anything major that happens, it will be logged here with the date, the decision, logged here with the date, the decision, logged here with the date, the decision, the reasoning, and the context. We've the reasoning, and the context. We've the reasoning, and the context. We've got our projects, which it created a got our projects, which it created a got our projects, which it created a folder for each of them. So, we've got folder for each of them. So, we've got folder for each of them. So, we've got chocolate pistachio flavor, we've got chocolate pistachio flavor, we've got chocolate pistachio flavor, we've got website launch, we've got West Coast website launch, we've got West Coast website launch, we've got West Coast expansion, we've got winter events. And expansion, we've got winter events. And expansion, we've got winter events. And each of these have a readme file which each of these have a readme file which each of these have a readme file which basically is just a quick description of basically is just a quick description of basically is just a quick description of what this project actually means and you what this project actually means and you what this project actually means and you know the status or any other information know the status or any other information know the status or any other information about it. We've got a references folder about it. We've got a references folder about it. We've got a references folder where we'll be able to drop examples and where we'll be able to drop examples and where we'll be able to drop examples and SOPs. There's nothing in there yet. And SOPs. There's nothing in there yet. And SOPs. There's nothing in there yet. And then for templates we also have you know then for templates we also have you know then for templates we also have you know we're able [snorts] to drop in some we're able [snorts] to drop in some we're able [snorts] to drop in some stuff that it can reference and this is stuff that it can reference and this is stuff that it can reference and this is just an example session summary. Nothing just an example session summary. Nothing just an example session summary. Nothing is in there for this session yet. And is in there for this session yet. And is in there for this session yet. And then the last thing to look at here then the last thing to look at here then the last thing to look at here would be the claw.md file. So earlier it would be the claw.md file. So earlier it would be the claw.md file. So earlier it was just like a few lines and it was was just like a few lines and it was was just like a few lines and it was very basic but now it's tailored towards very basic but now it's tailored towards very basic but now it's tailored towards us. So, you are Jack's executive us. So, you are Jack's executive us. So, you are Jack's executive assistant. Be direct, concise, and assistant. Be direct, concise, and assistant. Be direct, concise, and casual. Here is Jack's top priority. casual. Here is Jack's top priority. casual. Here is Jack's top priority. Here is what's very urgent. This needs Here is what's very urgent. This needs Here is what's very urgent. This needs to happen ASAP. And so, this is getting to happen ASAP. And so, this is getting to happen ASAP. And so, this is getting read every time so that it can basically read every time so that it can basically read every time so that it can basically keep checking in. Hey, is this done? Is keep checking in. Hey, is this done? Is keep checking in. Hey, is this done? Is this done? Now, here's something really this done? Now, here's something really this done? Now, here's something really cool where the clawmd file can point to cool where the clawmd file can point to cool where the clawmd file can point to the right files. So, remember how I said the right files. So, remember how I said the right files. So, remember how I said that this got loaded in every single that this got loaded in every single that this got loaded in every single time you talk to cloud code? That means time you talk to cloud code? That means time you talk to cloud code? That means if we threw all of our business if we threw all of our business if we threw all of our business information, all of the information information, all of the information information, all of the information about you, your priorities, that would about you, your priorities, that would about you, your priorities, that would be a lot of tokens. So remember that all be a lot of tokens. So remember that all be a lot of tokens. So remember that all claw.mmd has to do is tell cloud code, claw.mmd has to do is tell cloud code, claw.mmd has to do is tell cloud code, hey, if you need some information about hey, if you need some information about hey, if you need some information about the current focuses, go read this file. the current focuses, go read this file. the current focuses, go read this file. So that's exactly what you're seeing So that's exactly what you're seeing So that's exactly what you're seeing right here. It says, hey, if you want to right here. It says, hey, if you want to right here. It says, hey, if you want to understand who Jack is, go read this. If understand who Jack is, go read this. If understand who Jack is, go read this. If you want to understand, you know, the you want to understand, you know, the you want to understand, you know, the business details, go read this. And so business details, go read this. And so business details, go read this. And so on and so forth. So that's how we're on and so forth. So that's how we're on and so forth. So that's how we're able to save tokens here, but still give able to save tokens here, but still give able to save tokens here, but still give Cloud Code all the information that it Cloud Code all the information that it Cloud Code all the information that it needs. It will also tell Cloud Code what needs. It will also tell Cloud Code what needs. It will also tell Cloud Code what tools it has access to and how to use tools it has access to and how to use tools it has access to and how to use them. Right now, we haven't really set them. Right now, we haven't really set them. Right now, we haven't really set anything up. And similar concept over anything up. And similar concept over anything up. And similar concept over here with our projects. It says, "Hey, here with our projects. It says, "Hey, here with our projects. It says, "Hey, if you want to look at this project, go if you want to look at this project, go if you want to look at this project, go here. This project, go here." You'll here. This project, go here." You'll here. This project, go here." You'll notice right now we're at about 87 notice right now we're at about 87 notice right now we're at about 87 lines, which is pretty good. I always lines, which is pretty good. I always lines, which is pretty good. I always try to keep them, you know, under about try to keep them, you know, under about try to keep them, you know, under about 150, maybe 200 max. That's just best 150, maybe 200 max. That's just best 150, maybe 200 max. That's just best practice. Over time, they're going to practice. Over time, they're going to practice. Over time, they're going to get larger and larger, so you should get larger and larger, so you should get larger and larger, so you should regularly be kind of compacting them regularly be kind of compacting them regularly be kind of compacting them down and pointing out to other files down and pointing out to other files down and pointing out to other files when possible. Now, this is a great when possible. Now, this is a great when possible. Now, this is a great place to start, but at some point, place to start, but at some point, place to start, but at some point, you're going to want to add some more you're going to want to add some more you're going to want to add some more files on your own. So, this is what files on your own. So, this is what files on your own. So, this is what you've got right now, but what you can you've got right now, but what you can you've got right now, but what you can see is in my Herk 2 version, I've got a see is in my Herk 2 version, I've got a see is in my Herk 2 version, I've got a few more. And one of the ones that I few more. And one of the ones that I few more. And one of the ones that I added that you'll probably want to add added that you'll probably want to add added that you'll probably want to add is a brand assets. So in here I've got is a brand assets. So in here I've got is a brand assets. So in here I've got fonts and I've also got some images, fonts and I've also got some images, fonts and I've also got some images, logos, brand guidelines, things like logos, brand guidelines, things like logos, brand guidelines, things like that. So all you do if you wanted to add that. So all you do if you wanted to add that. So all you do if you wanted to add a new folder or new files is you would a new folder or new files is you would a new folder or new files is you would just come in here, add a new folder, just come in here, add a new folder, just come in here, add a new folder, name it whatever you want, and then just name it whatever you want, and then just name it whatever you want, and then just start a conversation with cloud code and start a conversation with cloud code and start a conversation with cloud code and say, "Hey, I added a folder called say, "Hey, I added a folder called say, "Hey, I added a folder called brand- assets. Just update your skill brand- assets. Just update your skill brand- assets. Just update your skill documents or update the cloud.MD to know documents or update the cloud.MD to know documents or update the cloud.MD to know that it's there. And what I'm going to that it's there. And what I'm going to that it's there. And what I'm going to drop in there are logos or head shot or drop in there are logos or head shot or drop in there are logos or head shot or things like that." So all of that can be things like that." So all of that can be things like that." So all of that can be obviously customized as long as claw.md obviously customized as long as claw.md obviously customized as long as claw.md understands that. So that's basically understands that. So that's basically understands that. So that's basically the way that our project is set up. It's the way that our project is set up. It's the way that our project is set up. It's now got a home. It's got some life. And now got a home. It's got some life. And now got a home. It's got some life. And let's move on to phase three, which is let's move on to phase three, which is let's move on to phase three, which is giving it hands. Actually letting it do giving it hands. Actually letting it do giving it hands. Actually letting it do something for us. Okay. So if I was you something for us. Okay. So if I was you something for us. Okay. So if I was you guys right now setting up this executive guys right now setting up this executive guys right now setting up this executive assistant, the first skill that I'd assistant, the first skill that I'd assistant, the first skill that I'd probably build is connecting it to probably build is connecting it to probably build is connecting it to ClickUp or Notion or wherever you have ClickUp or Notion or wherever you have ClickUp or Notion or wherever you have your actual like project management or your actual like project management or your actual like project management or task management. And I'm not going to task management. And I'm not going to task management. And I'm not going to walk through that right now because I walk through that right now because I walk through that right now because I use ClickUp and I don't want to go use ClickUp and I don't want to go use ClickUp and I don't want to go through that setup in front of you guys through that setup in front of you guys through that setup in front of you guys because it might not apply to you because it might not apply to you because it might not apply to you specifically if you don't use ClickUp. specifically if you don't use ClickUp. specifically if you don't use ClickUp. But basically, it's super easy. You But basically, it's super easy. You But basically, it's super easy. You explain in natural language exactly what explain in natural language exactly what explain in natural language exactly what you want to do. You have it do research you want to do. You have it do research you want to do. You have it do research on the endpoints or maybe even an MCP on the endpoints or maybe even an MCP on the endpoints or maybe even an MCP server. And then all you have to do is server. And then all you have to do is server. And then all you have to do is go grab an API key and put it in av go grab an API key and put it in av go grab an API key and put it in av file, which you'll notice right here we file, which you'll notice right here we file, which you'll notice right here we don't currently yet have. So here's what don't currently yet have. So here's what don't currently yet have. So here's what you would do. I'm going to go to plan you would do. I'm going to go to plan you would do. I'm going to go to plan mode and I'm going to say, "Help me mode and I'm going to say, "Help me mode and I'm going to say, "Help me build a research skill. This skill is build a research skill. This skill is build a research skill. This skill is going to use perplexity. So I need to going to use perplexity. So I need to going to use perplexity. So I need to give you my API key in AENV file. So go give you my API key in AENV file. So go give you my API key in AENV file. So go ahead and create that file for me. And ahead and create that file for me. And ahead and create that file for me. And what I want the skill to do is help me what I want the skill to do is help me what I want the skill to do is help me do research. This is more than just a do research. This is more than just a do research. This is more than just a simple couple, you know, web searches simple couple, you know, web searches simple couple, you know, web searches and web fetches that you might be able and web fetches that you might be able and web fetches that you might be able to do already. This is research that's to do already. This is research that's to do already. This is research that's kind of deeper and it's also tailored kind of deeper and it's also tailored kind of deeper and it's also tailored towards me and my business because it towards me and my business because it towards me and my business because it understands the context of, you know, understands the context of, you know, understands the context of, you know, what's going on and our current projects what's going on and our current projects what's going on and our current projects and priorities. So I'm going to shoot and priorities. So I'm going to shoot and priorities. So I'm going to shoot that off in plan mode. Cloud code's that off in plan mode. Cloud code's that off in plan mode. Cloud code's going to think about it. It might do a going to think about it. It might do a going to think about it. It might do a little bit of research to help us build little bit of research to help us build little bit of research to help us build this plan and then it's going to come this plan and then it's going to come this plan and then it's going to come back with something. And what's pretty back with something. And what's pretty back with something. And what's pretty cool is you can see that first of all it cool is you can see that first of all it cool is you can see that first of all it explores the project to see how things explores the project to see how things explores the project to see how things work and it even spun up a sub agent to work and it even spun up a sub agent to work and it even spun up a sub agent to explore the structure of our project explore the structure of our project explore the structure of our project right here. And sub aents are really right here. And sub aents are really right here. And sub aents are really cool because they have their own context cool because they have their own context cool because they have their own context window and they might even be able to window and they might even be able to window and they might even be able to use their own model if you you know use their own model if you you know use their own model if you you know configure one to do so. So I'll touch on configure one to do so. So I'll touch on configure one to do so. So I'll touch on that a little bit more after we build that a little bit more after we build that a little bit more after we build the skill. So I may come back and ask the skill. So I may come back and ask the skill. So I may come back and ask you some questions which is a good you some questions which is a good you some questions which is a good thing. So here it says for perplexity thing. So here it says for perplexity thing. So here it says for perplexity what model do you want to use? And I'm what model do you want to use? And I'm what model do you want to use? And I'm just going to go with sonar for now and just going to go with sonar for now and just going to go with sonar for now and submit that off. And now it thinks it's submit that off. And now it thinks it's submit that off. And now it thinks it's good and it's come back with a plan. And good and it's come back with a plan. And good and it's come back with a plan. And we can see we have build research skill we can see we have build research skill we can see we have build research skill with perplexity. Jack wants a reusable with perplexity. Jack wants a reusable with perplexity. Jack wants a reusable research skill that goes beyond basic research skill that goes beyond basic research skill that goes beyond basic web search. It's going to create thev web search. It's going to create thev web search. It's going to create thev for our API key. Now the reason why it for our API key. Now the reason why it for our API key. Now the reason why it needs to do that is because if you do needs to do that is because if you do needs to do that is because if you do end up pushing this to a GitHub repo or end up pushing this to a GitHub repo or end up pushing this to a GitHub repo or putting that anywhere on the web, it's putting that anywhere on the web, it's putting that anywhere on the web, it's best practice to have. Eenv, which is best practice to have. Eenv, which is best practice to have. Eenv, which is where you have all of your API keys, and where you have all of your API keys, and where you have all of your API keys, and you don't give it to Claude in the you don't give it to Claude in the you don't give it to Claude in the conversation history right here. It's conversation history right here. It's conversation history right here. It's going to build the actual skill itself. going to build the actual skill itself. going to build the actual skill itself. So we'll see that once it's created. And So we'll see that once it's created. And So we'll see that once it's created. And the skill instructs Claude to understand the skill instructs Claude to understand the skill instructs Claude to understand the question, load context. So read the question, load context. So read the question, load context. So read through me, work, team, current through me, work, team, current through me, work, team, current priorities, goals, and anything else. priorities, goals, and anything else. priorities, goals, and anything else. Formulate queries, call perplexity API, Formulate queries, call perplexity API, Formulate queries, call perplexity API, synthesize, save report, and then synthesize, save report, and then synthesize, save report, and then present the summary. Another thing worth present the summary. Another thing worth present the summary. Another thing worth noting is that it's also going to update noting is that it's also going to update noting is that it's also going to update the claw.md so that it now knows about the claw.md so that it now knows about the claw.md so that it now knows about this skill and knows that it exists. So this skill and knows that it exists. So this skill and knows that it exists. So anyways, it looked at the API anyways, it looked at the API anyways, it looked at the API documentation. It gave us a research documentation. It gave us a research documentation. It gave us a research report format. I'm just going to go report format. I'm just going to go report format. I'm just going to go ahead and auto accept this plan, and ahead and auto accept this plan, and ahead and auto accept this plan, and it's going to start building it out for it's going to start building it out for it's going to start building it out for us. All right. So, the agent just us. All right. So, the agent just us. All right. So, the agent just finished up. It said, "Here's what we finished up. It said, "Here's what we finished up. It said, "Here's what we created. We have thev, which you can go created. We have thev, which you can go created. We have thev, which you can go drop your API key in. We've created the drop your API key in. We've created the drop your API key in. We've created the research skill." So, if I go to Claude, research skill." So, if I go to Claude, research skill." So, if I go to Claude, if I open up the skills, we can see we if I open up the skills, we can see we if I open up the skills, we can see we have a research folder. And in here, we have a research folder. And in here, we have a research folder. And in here, we have a skill.md for research. So, I'm have a skill.md for research. So, I'm have a skill.md for research. So, I'm not going to read this whole thing, but not going to read this whole thing, but not going to read this whole thing, but you can see now that we have this actual you can see now that we have this actual you can see now that we have this actual skill. And as you can see, this skill. And as you can see, this skill. And as you can see, this basically just says when do you use the basically just says when do you use the basically just says when do you use the skill and how do you actually run the skill and how do you actually run the skill and how do you actually run the process of, you know, calling the API process of, you know, calling the API process of, you know, calling the API and making the report for Jack. And it and making the report for Jack. And it and making the report for Jack. And it updated the claw. MD to show Claude that updated the claw. MD to show Claude that updated the claw. MD to show Claude that this skill now exists. So, I'm going to this skill now exists. So, I'm going to this skill now exists. So, I'm going to go ahead and grab my API key from go ahead and grab my API key from go ahead and grab my API key from Perplexity and paste it into the ENV. As Perplexity and paste it into the ENV. As Perplexity and paste it into the ENV. As you can see, I'm just going to drop it you can see, I'm just going to drop it you can see, I'm just going to drop it in right here and then save it. Okay, I in right here and then save it. Okay, I in right here and then save it. Okay, I put the API key in there and we're going put the API key in there and we're going put the API key in there and we're going to test it out. I said research ice to test it out. I said research ice to test it out. I said research ice cream events in Portland using the new cream events in Portland using the new cream events in Portland using the new research skill. And what we're looking research skill. And what we're looking research skill. And what we're looking for here is seeing if it's actually able for here is seeing if it's actually able for here is seeing if it's actually able to call the skill. So, it says, okay, to call the skill. So, it says, okay, to call the skill. So, it says, okay, let me load the relevant project context let me load the relevant project context let me load the relevant project context and then I'll run the research. The and then I'll run the research. The and then I'll run the research. The content has been loaded. Now I'm going content has been loaded. Now I'm going content has been loaded. Now I'm going to break this up and I'm going to call to break this up and I'm going to call to break this up and I'm going to call perplexity. So here you can see it did perplexity. So here you can see it did perplexity. So here you can see it did three different searches. It searched three different searches. It searched three different searches. It searched for Portland ice cream dessert events for Portland ice cream dessert events for Portland ice cream dessert events and then it searched for Portland vendor and then it searched for Portland vendor and then it searched for Portland vendor application process and finally it application process and finally it application process and finally it searched for Portland dessert scene and searched for Portland dessert scene and searched for Portland dessert scene and connections. So it comes back with a connections. So it comes back with a connections. So it comes back with a very concise output which is exactly very concise output which is exactly very concise output which is exactly what we told it in the way that we like what we told it in the way that we like what we told it in the way that we like to communicate. We got this information to communicate. We got this information to communicate. We got this information right but then it also says that I saved right but then it also says that I saved right but then it also says that I saved the full report to this folder. So, if I the full report to this folder. So, if I the full report to this folder. So, if I go to research, which it created a new go to research, which it created a new go to research, which it created a new folder right here, we can see that we folder right here, we can see that we folder right here, we can see that we have March 3rd Portland ice cream events have March 3rd Portland ice cream events have March 3rd Portland ice cream events research. And this is a markdown file research. And this is a markdown file research. And this is a markdown file that has much more detail about what it that has much more detail about what it that has much more detail about what it actually found as far as these different actually found as far as these different actually found as far as these different events and these different, you know, events and these different, you know, events and these different, you know, vendor things that we might be vendor things that we might be vendor things that we might be interested in. And it includes all of interested in. And it includes all of interested in. And it includes all of the links to all the sources that it the links to all the sources that it the links to all the sources that it actually pulled here. And what's great actually pulled here. And what's great actually pulled here. And what's great about this and why you guys can probably about this and why you guys can probably about this and why you guys can probably now see that the folder management is so now see that the folder management is so now see that the folder management is so important because every time you do important because every time you do important because every time you do research, every time you generate research, every time you generate research, every time you generate content, every time you make updates to content, every time you make updates to content, every time you make updates to projects, all of that still lives in projects, all of that still lives in projects, all of that still lives in this project, which is why it gets this project, which is why it gets this project, which is why it gets smarter and smarter about what you're smarter and smarter about what you're smarter and smarter about what you're doing the more you use it because I doing the more you use it because I doing the more you use it because I could basically clear out this context could basically clear out this context could basically clear out this context and I could pick up right where I left and I could pick up right where I left and I could pick up right where I left off because it's able to go read this off because it's able to go read this off because it's able to go read this file, this research report. So, that was file, this research report. So, that was file, this research report. So, that was a quick preview of a skill. Now, there a quick preview of a skill. Now, there a quick preview of a skill. Now, there are going to be some times where you are going to be some times where you are going to be some times where you might actually want to use a sub agent might actually want to use a sub agent might actually want to use a sub agent instead of a skill. Now, as you guys instead of a skill. Now, as you guys instead of a skill. Now, as you guys just saw in the demo, when you're just saw in the demo, when you're just saw in the demo, when you're talking to the agent and you call a talking to the agent and you call a talking to the agent and you call a skill, it basically just uses the skill skill, it basically just uses the skill skill, it basically just uses the skill right here in this context window with right here in this context window with right here in this context window with this model with that, you know, this model with that, you know, this model with that, you know, conversation awareness. But a sub agent conversation awareness. But a sub agent conversation awareness. But a sub agent basically gets called on by this main basically gets called on by this main basically gets called on by this main worker here and it has fresh memory, worker here and it has fresh memory, worker here and it has fresh memory, fresh context, and you can even use a fresh context, and you can even use a fresh context, and you can even use a different model. So sometimes if you different model. So sometimes if you different model. So sometimes if you want to do research, but you want it to want to do research, but you want it to want to do research, but you want it to be cheaper, you could just tell it to be cheaper, you could just tell it to be cheaper, you could just tell it to delegate that to a sub agent and that delegate that to a sub agent and that delegate that to a sub agent and that researcher sub agent could maybe use researcher sub agent could maybe use researcher sub agent could maybe use haiku instead of opus 4.6. So that's haiku instead of opus 4.6. So that's haiku instead of opus 4.6. So that's kind of the benefit of a sub aent. So, let me just show you guys real quick So, let me just show you guys real quick So, let me just show you guys real quick how that would actually work. I'm going how that would actually work. I'm going how that would actually work. I'm going to go back into plan mode and I'm going to go back into plan mode and I'm going to go back into plan mode and I'm going to say I need to create that research to say I need to create that research to say I need to create that research skill. So, basically everything you just skill. So, basically everything you just skill. So, basically everything you just did with the research skill, but I want did with the research skill, but I want did with the research skill, but I want to create that as a sub agent and I want to create that as a sub agent and I want to create that as a sub agent and I want this to be using haiku instead of opus this to be using haiku instead of opus this to be using haiku instead of opus just in case I need to do some cheaper just in case I need to do some cheaper just in case I need to do some cheaper research. So, create that sub agent for research. So, create that sub agent for research. So, create that sub agent for me. Put that within theclaw folder in a me. Put that within theclaw folder in a me. Put that within theclaw folder in a folder called agents. So we now have the folder called agents. So we now have the folder called agents. So we now have the plan to create that research sub aent plan to create that research sub aent plan to create that research sub aent and you can see that it's going to use and you can see that it's going to use and you can see that it's going to use model equals highq and I'm just going to model equals highq and I'm just going to model equals highq and I'm just going to go ahead and accept these changes. So go ahead and accept these changes. So go ahead and accept these changes. So what it did is it created the agent.mmd what it did is it created the agent.mmd what it did is it created the agent.mmd which we'll go ahead and take a look at which we'll go ahead and take a look at which we'll go ahead and take a look at and I believe that it also updated the and I believe that it also updated the and I believe that it also updated the research skill so that if I say that I research skill so that if I say that I research skill so that if I say that I want it to be like cheaper or to use a want it to be like cheaper or to use a want it to be like cheaper or to use a sub aent that the research skill will sub aent that the research skill will sub aent that the research skill will actually invoke the sub aent which is actually invoke the sub aent which is actually invoke the sub aent which is pretty cool. And then it also added an pretty cool. And then it also added an pretty cool. And then it also added an update to the cloud.MD file which now update to the cloud.MD file which now update to the cloud.MD file which now should have an agent section. You can should have an agent section. You can should have an agent section. You can see there's been a new folder created. see there's been a new folder created. see there's been a new folder created. We have agents under our do.claude and We have agents under our do.claude and We have agents under our do.claude and in here we have a research agent. So if in here we have a research agent. So if in here we have a research agent. So if I open this up, you will see that we I open this up, you will see that we I open this up, you will see that we have you are a research agent for ice have you are a research agent for ice have you are a research agent for ice cream Fridays. You receive a research cream Fridays. You receive a research cream Fridays. You receive a research query, call the perplexity API and save query, call the perplexity API and save query, call the perplexity API and save a structured report. So I'm trying to a structured report. So I'm trying to a structured report. So I'm trying to keep this as simple as possible, but keep this as simple as possible, but keep this as simple as possible, but there is something that I want you guys there is something that I want you guys there is something that I want you guys to notice about both the agent and the to notice about both the agent and the to notice about both the agent and the skill that was just created here. So skill that was just created here. So skill that was just created here. So these were created as complete markdown these were created as complete markdown these were created as complete markdown files which is fine. But actually the files which is fine. But actually the files which is fine. But actually the way that we need to set up both of these way that we need to set up both of these way that we need to set up both of these is using a YAML front matter because is using a YAML front matter because is using a YAML front matter because that's where we can actually have the that's where we can actually have the that's where we can actually have the configuration. So I'm not going to dive configuration. So I'm not going to dive configuration. So I'm not going to dive super deep right now into exactly why super deep right now into exactly why super deep right now into exactly why this is but at a high level it makes this is but at a high level it makes this is but at a high level it makes cloud code better at understanding what cloud code better at understanding what cloud code better at understanding what that skiller agent does when to use it that skiller agent does when to use it that skiller agent does when to use it and it's going to save you tokens as and it's going to save you tokens as and it's going to save you tokens as well. So for now I'm going to manually well. So for now I'm going to manually well. So for now I'm going to manually build this YAML front matter by build this YAML front matter by build this YAML front matter by literally just going like this going literally just going like this going literally just going like this going back into RS code and then for the skill back into RS code and then for the skill back into RS code and then for the skill I'm just going to paste that up here and I'm just going to paste that up here and I'm just going to paste that up here and then change the name and change the then change the name and change the then change the name and change the description myself and I'm going to do description myself and I'm going to do description myself and I'm going to do the exact same thing then with the the exact same thing then with the the exact same thing then with the agent. But what I would actually agent. But what I would actually agent. But what I would actually recommend you do is in your project give recommend you do is in your project give recommend you do is in your project give cloud code this document. You know give cloud code this document. You know give cloud code this document. You know give it the example give it even the URL and it the example give it even the URL and it the example give it even the URL and say hey look up on this page what is the say hey look up on this page what is the say hey look up on this page what is the best practice for creating sub aent best practice for creating sub aent best practice for creating sub aent files or creating skill files so that files or creating skill files so that files or creating skill files so that every time you build me a new sub aent every time you build me a new sub aent every time you build me a new sub aent or you build me a new skill it does it or you build me a new skill it does it or you build me a new skill it does it in the best practice. So really the in the best practice. So really the in the best practice. So really the reason I showed you guys this and the reason I showed you guys this and the reason I showed you guys this and the point I'm trying to make here is cloud point I'm trying to make here is cloud point I'm trying to make here is cloud code is smart but it's way smarter if code is smart but it's way smarter if code is smart but it's way smarter if you let it do its own research and then you let it do its own research and then you let it do its own research and then save that research so that in the future save that research so that in the future save that research so that in the future everything gets better and better. So everything gets better and better. So everything gets better and better. So now you can see I've updated both the now you can see I've updated both the now you can see I've updated both the agent and the skill with the YAML front agent and the skill with the YAML front agent and the skill with the YAML front matter and now it's going to work a lot matter and now it's going to work a lot matter and now it's going to work a lot better. It would still work the other better. It would still work the other better. It would still work the other way but trust me this is just going to way but trust me this is just going to way but trust me this is just going to save you tokens and you're probably save you tokens and you're probably save you tokens and you're probably going to get more consistent results. going to get more consistent results. going to get more consistent results. All right so now let's go ahead and test All right so now let's go ahead and test All right so now let's go ahead and test that out. I'm going to go ahead and that out. I'm going to go ahead and that out. I'm going to go ahead and clear this conversation and I'm going to clear this conversation and I'm going to clear this conversation and I'm going to say I need you to do some really quick say I need you to do some really quick say I need you to do some really quick research for me. I want to keep this one research for me. I want to keep this one research for me. I want to keep this one cheap, so just use the research agent cheap, so just use the research agent cheap, so just use the research agent and find out, you know, how ice cream and find out, you know, how ice cream and find out, you know, how ice cream events are going in Los Angeles. All events are going in Los Angeles. All events are going in Los Angeles. All right, so this is pretty cool. It read right, so this is pretty cool. It read right, so this is pretty cool. It read through the research skill. It read through the research skill. It read through the research skill. It read through the research agent. And then it through the research agent. And then it through the research agent. And then it also read through my plans. So it said, also read through my plans. So it said, also read through my plans. So it said, "Hey, Jack wants quick, cheap research "Hey, Jack wants quick, cheap research "Hey, Jack wants quick, cheap research about LA. This ties directly into the about LA. This ties directly into the about LA. This ties directly into the West Coast expansion priority." So now West Coast expansion priority." So now West Coast expansion priority." So now it has all that context. It calls the it has all that context. It calls the it has all that context. It calls the research agent with the model Haiku. And research agent with the model Haiku. And research agent with the model Haiku. And now it's going to go ahead and do that now it's going to go ahead and do that now it's going to go ahead and do that research for us. All right, awesome. research for us. All right, awesome. research for us. All right, awesome. That research is done. If I open up the That research is done. If I open up the That research is done. If I open up the research folder, you can see that right research folder, you can see that right research folder, you can see that right here we've got our LA report about some here we've got our LA report about some here we've got our LA report about some ice cream stuff. So, just keep in mind ice cream stuff. So, just keep in mind ice cream stuff. So, just keep in mind the research report is still really the research report is still really the research report is still really good. It still has lots of sources. It good. It still has lots of sources. It good. It still has lots of sources. It still has lots of detail. It wasn't the still has lots of detail. It wasn't the still has lots of detail. It wasn't the research that was worse. It was just research that was worse. It was just research that was worse. It was just when all of that raw data got passed when all of that raw data got passed when all of that raw data got passed back to Claude Code. It was using Haiku back to Claude Code. It was using Haiku back to Claude Code. It was using Haiku to summarize it and to write this MD to summarize it and to write this MD to summarize it and to write this MD file rather than having Opus do that. file rather than having Opus do that. file rather than having Opus do that. Okay, so we've set up our executive Okay, so we've set up our executive Okay, so we've set up our executive assistant. We have given it information assistant. We have given it information assistant. We have given it information about us and our business. We have about us and our business. We have about us and our business. We have connected it with a skill and an agent. connected it with a skill and an agent. connected it with a skill and an agent. And now phase four is basically just And now phase four is basically just And now phase four is basically just about letting it grow. Now I could walk about letting it grow. Now I could walk about letting it grow. Now I could walk through some more step-by-step examples through some more step-by-step examples through some more step-by-step examples with you guys, but really this is about with you guys, but really this is about with you guys, but really this is about customizing it for your tech stack, customizing it for your tech stack, customizing it for your tech stack, your, you know, project management your, you know, project management your, you know, project management system, your team, and the way that you system, your team, and the way that you system, your team, and the way that you work. So with my cloud code assistant work. So with my cloud code assistant work. So with my cloud code assistant here, because I have all these different here, because I have all these different here, because I have all these different agents now and these different rules and agents now and these different rules and agents now and these different rules and these different skills, it's just these different skills, it's just these different skills, it's just because I used this every day instead of because I used this every day instead of because I used this every day instead of using like Claude or Chatbt on the web. using like Claude or Chatbt on the web. using like Claude or Chatbt on the web. It gets smarter and smarter over time. It gets smarter and smarter over time. It gets smarter and smarter over time. So right now you're at day one and if So right now you're at day one and if So right now you're at day one and if you use this every day, a month from you use this every day, a month from you use this every day, a month from now, this thing is going to look crazy now, this thing is going to look crazy now, this thing is going to look crazy different. there's going to be way more different. there's going to be way more different. there's going to be way more docs, way more decisions, way more docs, way more decisions, way more docs, way more decisions, way more skills, and it's just going to be skills, and it's just going to be skills, and it's just going to be smarter and smarter, and you're going to smarter and smarter, and you're going to smarter and smarter, and you're going to be like living in that thing. So, be like living in that thing. So, be like living in that thing. So, really, what I would challenge you to do really, what I would challenge you to do really, what I would challenge you to do from here is to only use this. Just like from here is to only use this. Just like from here is to only use this. Just like for the next week, try only using this. for the next week, try only using this. for the next week, try only using this. Take all of your cloud projects, take Take all of your cloud projects, take Take all of your cloud projects, take all of your custom GBTs or, you know, all of your custom GBTs or, you know, all of your custom GBTs or, you know, your gems, whatever it is, take those your gems, whatever it is, take those your gems, whatever it is, take those instructions, put them into this instructions, put them into this instructions, put them into this project, and say, "Hey, turn this into a project, and say, "Hey, turn this into a project, and say, "Hey, turn this into a skill for me." Use that skill, use new skill for me." Use that skill, use new skill for me." Use that skill, use new skills, and every time that you're using skills, and every time that you're using skills, and every time that you're using the skill, say, "Hey, this is what I the skill, say, "Hey, this is what I the skill, say, "Hey, this is what I didn't like. This is what I did like. didn't like. This is what I did like. didn't like. This is what I did like. Update it. you know, let's let's just Update it. you know, let's let's just Update it. you know, let's let's just keep making it better and better. And keep making it better and better. And keep making it better and better. And that same exact theory applies to the that same exact theory applies to the that same exact theory applies to the entire system, the cloud files, the entire system, the cloud files, the entire system, the cloud files, the reference files, the project files, reference files, the project files, reference files, the project files, everything. And then, like we talked everything. And then, like we talked everything. And then, like we talked about earlier, put this thing on GitHub, about earlier, put this thing on GitHub, about earlier, put this thing on GitHub, have version control, and make sure that have version control, and make sure that have version control, and make sure that if you switch to a different laptop for if you switch to a different laptop for if you switch to a different laptop for some reason, you can still use your some reason, you can still use your some reason, you can still use your executive assistant. But anyways, that's executive assistant. But anyways, that's executive assistant. But anyways, that's all I got for this one. Now, I'm sure all I got for this one. Now, I'm sure all I got for this one. Now, I'm sure you guys are all excited to keep you guys are all excited to keep you guys are all excited to keep building on top of this executive building on top of this executive building on top of this executive assistant. So, what's next is really assistant. So, what's next is really assistant. So, what's next is really just to go master skills. All right, this is where it starts to All right, this is where it starts to All right, this is where it starts to get like really really fun. We're about get like really really fun. We're about get like really really fun. We're about to dive into skills, sub aents, agent to dive into skills, sub aents, agent to dive into skills, sub aents, agent teams, and a few other things. But this teams, and a few other things. But this teams, and a few other things. But this is where we get so so powerful with our is where we get so so powerful with our is where we get so so powerful with our Claude code setups. I have genuinely never been as I have genuinely never been as I have genuinely never been as productive as I am right now because of productive as I am right now because of productive as I am right now because of Claude skills. This image really does Claude skills. This image really does Claude skills. This image really does sum it up. I feel like I'm working on sum it up. I feel like I'm working on sum it up. I feel like I'm working on multiple different computers and multiple different computers and multiple different computers and multiple different tasks at the same multiple different tasks at the same multiple different tasks at the same time without sacrificing quality. It time without sacrificing quality. It time without sacrificing quality. It just comes down to one simple word and just comes down to one simple word and just comes down to one simple word and that is leverage. with Claude skills or that is leverage. with Claude skills or that is leverage. with Claude skills or any agent skills for that matter, you any agent skills for that matter, you any agent skills for that matter, you have way more leverage than if you were have way more leverage than if you were have way more leverage than if you were doing this by yourself. So, in this doing this by yourself. So, in this doing this by yourself. So, in this video, I'm going to be breaking down video, I'm going to be breaking down video, I'm going to be breaking down what skills are, how they work, and how what skills are, how they work, and how what skills are, how they work, and how you can build really, really good ones, you can build really, really good ones, you can build really, really good ones, even if you've never heard of the even if you've never heard of the even if you've never heard of the concept or built a single skill ever concept or built a single skill ever concept or built a single skill ever before. So, let's hop into a live demo before. So, let's hop into a live demo before. So, let's hop into a live demo real quick and get going. All right, so real quick and get going. All right, so real quick and get going. All right, so here we are in Claude Code in my Herk 2 here we are in Claude Code in my Herk 2 here we are in Claude Code in my Herk 2 project, which is kind of just like my project, which is kind of just like my project, which is kind of just like my personal assistant. Now, if this stuff personal assistant. Now, if this stuff personal assistant. Now, if this stuff over here looks overwhelming, don't over here looks overwhelming, don't over here looks overwhelming, don't worry about that right now. Just worry worry about that right now. Just worry worry about that right now. Just worry on what I'm actually asking the agent to on what I'm actually asking the agent to on what I'm actually asking the agent to do. So, I've got this skill that I do. So, I've got this skill that I do. So, I've got this skill that I called morning coffee that helps me plan called morning coffee that helps me plan called morning coffee that helps me plan my day every morning. So, it's not my day every morning. So, it's not my day every morning. So, it's not morning right now, but I'm going to run morning right now, but I'm going to run morning right now, but I'm going to run this so you can see how it works. So, as this so you can see how it works. So, as this so you can see how it works. So, as Cloud Code's figuring that out, what I'm Cloud Code's figuring that out, what I'm Cloud Code's figuring that out, what I'm going to do is open up another agent. going to do is open up another agent. going to do is open up another agent. And in this one, I'm asking it to run a And in this one, I'm asking it to run a And in this one, I'm asking it to run a pulse check on all my projects and pulse check on all my projects and pulse check on all my projects and commitments to see how things are going. commitments to see how things are going. commitments to see how things are going. I'm opening up another one to create me I'm opening up another one to create me I'm opening up another one to create me an Excal diagram of the difference an Excal diagram of the difference an Excal diagram of the difference between local AI models and closed between local AI models and closed between local AI models and closed source models. And let's just do one source models. And let's just do one source models. And let's just do one more that's going to scrape the comments more that's going to scrape the comments more that's going to scrape the comments from my recent YouTube videos and give from my recent YouTube videos and give from my recent YouTube videos and give me an analysis on what I need to me an analysis on what I need to me an analysis on what I need to improve. So, what you're looking at improve. So, what you're looking at improve. So, what you're looking at right now is four different agents right now is four different agents right now is four different agents running in parallel doing things for me. running in parallel doing things for me. running in parallel doing things for me. And that took me probably 30 seconds to And that took me probably 30 seconds to And that took me probably 30 seconds to ask them to do that. And because I built ask them to do that. And because I built ask them to do that. And because I built all of these skills, all of these agents all of these skills, all of these agents all of these skills, all of these agents have all of the context about my have all of the context about my have all of the context about my business, what's going on with our business, what's going on with our business, what's going on with our projects, my YouTube channel. It has projects, my YouTube channel. It has projects, my YouTube channel. It has literally everything it needs. And now literally everything it needs. And now literally everything it needs. And now all of those agents are done. Here was all of those agents are done. Here was all of those agents are done. Here was my February 26th morning coffee. I had my February 26th morning coffee. I had my February 26th morning coffee. I had three things on the calendar. So, what three things on the calendar. So, what three things on the calendar. So, what it's going to do is it's going to look it's going to do is it's going to look it's going to do is it's going to look at my ClickUp. It's going to see what at my ClickUp. It's going to see what at my ClickUp. It's going to see what else I've got this week and look at my else I've got this week and look at my else I've got this week and look at my tasks and then help me plan the rest of tasks and then help me plan the rest of tasks and then help me plan the rest of my day. So, this is the plan that it my day. So, this is the plan that it my day. So, this is the plan that it suggested. All I'd have to do is say, suggested. All I'd have to do is say, suggested. All I'd have to do is say, "Yep," and it would block off everything "Yep," and it would block off everything "Yep," and it would block off everything for me. And for me, that's huge because for me. And for me, that's huge because for me. And for me, that's huge because I don't have decision fatigue anymore of I don't have decision fatigue anymore of I don't have decision fatigue anymore of what I have to work on. The second agent what I have to work on. The second agent what I have to work on. The second agent came back with a pulse check, 2 days came back with a pulse check, 2 days came back with a pulse check, 2 days until the end of the month. Here's where until the end of the month. Here's where until the end of the month. Here's where everything stands. So, obviously, I'm everything stands. So, obviously, I'm everything stands. So, obviously, I'm going to blur all of this out, but it's going to blur all of this out, but it's going to blur all of this out, but it's basically catching me up on all of the basically catching me up on all of the basically catching me up on all of the different main initiatives that we're different main initiatives that we're different main initiatives that we're doing this month and this quarter and doing this month and this quarter and doing this month and this quarter and making sure that everything is on track. making sure that everything is on track. making sure that everything is on track. And right here, you can see there's a And right here, you can see there's a And right here, you can see there's a few things that I need to follow up on few things that I need to follow up on few things that I need to follow up on manually. And this might have slipped manually. And this might have slipped manually. And this might have slipped through the cracks because I'm so busy through the cracks because I'm so busy through the cracks because I'm so busy making YouTube videos if I didn't have making YouTube videos if I didn't have making YouTube videos if I didn't have this personal assistant to check up on this personal assistant to check up on this personal assistant to check up on me using the skill. The third agent came me using the skill. The third agent came me using the skill. The third agent came back and has finished the excal job back and has finished the excal job back and has finished the excal job diagram and I pasted it in and it looks diagram and I pasted it in and it looks diagram and I pasted it in and it looks like this. So if I needed to make a like this. So if I needed to make a like this. So if I needed to make a video about this, I wouldn't have had to video about this, I wouldn't have had to video about this, I wouldn't have had to take my own time to create this take my own time to create this take my own time to create this visualization. So for the comment visualization. So for the comment visualization. So for the comment analysis that came back and we can see analysis that came back and we can see analysis that came back and we can see all of the comments, all the views and all of the comments, all the views and all of the comments, all the views and things that I need to address either in things that I need to address either in things that I need to address either in future videos or in the comments. We got future videos or in the comments. We got future videos or in the comments. We got some confusion. We've got some cost some confusion. We've got some cost some confusion. We've got some cost things that I need to cover. We have to things that I need to cover. We have to things that I need to cover. We have to stop demoing toy examples for tool stop demoing toy examples for tool stop demoing toy examples for tool videos. Seems like you guys really want videos. Seems like you guys really want videos. Seems like you guys really want to see some anti-gravity stuff. I to see some anti-gravity stuff. I to see some anti-gravity stuff. I promise that'll come soon. And then promise that'll come soon. And then promise that'll come soon. And then we've got top three priorities. So, I've we've got top three priorities. So, I've we've got top three priorities. So, I've been recording now this video for about been recording now this video for about been recording now this video for about 6 minutes. Just think about if I would 6 minutes. Just think about if I would 6 minutes. Just think about if I would have done all four of those things have done all four of those things have done all four of those things myself, how much context switching I myself, how much context switching I myself, how much context switching I would have done and how long that would would have done and how long that would would have done and how long that would have taken me. Okay, so now that you have taken me. Okay, so now that you have taken me. Okay, so now that you guys have seen an actual demo and guys have seen an actual demo and guys have seen an actual demo and hopefully you're a little bit excited to hopefully you're a little bit excited to hopefully you're a little bit excited to learn about cloud skills if you haven't learn about cloud skills if you haven't learn about cloud skills if you haven't used them yet, what actually are they? used them yet, what actually are they? used them yet, what actually are they? So, skills are reusable instructions. So, skills are reusable instructions. So, skills are reusable instructions. You write them once, you save them as a You write them once, you save them as a You write them once, you save them as a skill. You can trigger them anytime, and skill. You can trigger them anytime, and skill. You can trigger them anytime, and you're going to get way more consistent you're going to get way more consistent you're going to get way more consistent results because it's going through that results because it's going through that results because it's going through that same process every time. So this visual same process every time. So this visual same process every time. So this visual right here was actually an AI generated right here was actually an AI generated right here was actually an AI generated image that I used with a skill. It was image that I used with a skill. It was image that I used with a skill. It was this one right here in my cloud code this one right here in my cloud code this one right here in my cloud code called Excalaw visuals. But sometimes called Excalaw visuals. But sometimes called Excalaw visuals. But sometimes with AI generated images, they don't with AI generated images, they don't with AI generated images, they don't spell words right. As you can see here, spell words right. As you can see here, spell words right. As you can see here, this is all messed up. This stuff is this is all messed up. This stuff is this is all messed up. This stuff is messed up. So I also have one, as you messed up. So I also have one, as you messed up. So I also have one, as you saw in the demo, to create Excal saw in the demo, to create Excal saw in the demo, to create Excal diagrams. And this one creates the diagrams. And this one creates the diagrams. And this one creates the actual Excal that I could move and edit. actual Excal that I could move and edit. actual Excal that I could move and edit. And the words are always perfect because And the words are always perfect because And the words are always perfect because it's actually just typing. And those two it's actually just typing. And those two it's actually just typing. And those two skills alone have saved me so much time. skills alone have saved me so much time. skills alone have saved me so much time. And what I'm going to do, by the way, And what I'm going to do, by the way, And what I'm going to do, by the way, for all you guys, is in my free school for all you guys, is in my free school for all you guys, is in my free school community, the link for this is down in community, the link for this is down in community, the link for this is down in the description, I've added a new the description, I've added a new the description, I've added a new classroom section called agent skills, classroom section called agent skills, classroom section called agent skills, where I'm just going to be dropping a where I'm just going to be dropping a where I'm just going to be dropping a ton of these skills that you guys can go ton of these skills that you guys can go ton of these skills that you guys can go grab for completely free. So, before we grab for completely free. So, before we grab for completely free. So, before we dive into this today, just real quick, dive into this today, just real quick, dive into this today, just real quick, why should you care? And there's three why should you care? And there's three why should you care? And there's three big reasons. You can be way more big reasons. You can be way more big reasons. You can be way more productive as a person because you can productive as a person because you can productive as a person because you can automate things like you just saw me do, automate things like you just saw me do, automate things like you just saw me do, and you can legitimately build a and you can legitimately build a and you can legitimately build a personal assistant that can do almost personal assistant that can do almost personal assistant that can do almost anything for you. The second one is team anything for you. The second one is team anything for you. The second one is team leverage. So, you can turn existing SOPs leverage. So, you can turn existing SOPs leverage. So, you can turn existing SOPs into automations really, really easy. into automations really, really easy. into automations really, really easy. And if you build something new, not just And if you build something new, not just And if you build something new, not just you can use it, but your entire you can use it, but your entire you can use it, but your entire organization can. So, everyone as a organization can. So, everyone as a organization can. So, everyone as a group is getting way more productive, group is getting way more productive, group is getting way more productive, which will almost undoubtedly result in which will almost undoubtedly result in which will almost undoubtedly result in growth of the business. And also growth of the business. And also growth of the business. And also monetization. We're entering this new monetization. We're entering this new monetization. We're entering this new world where skills are having a big world where skills are having a big world where skills are having a big moment and you're able to capitalize on moment and you're able to capitalize on moment and you're able to capitalize on a lot of this stuff. Now, I'm not saying a lot of this stuff. Now, I'm not saying a lot of this stuff. Now, I'm not saying this is going to be a viable business this is going to be a viable business this is going to be a viable business model for a long, long time. So, you model for a long, long time. So, you model for a long, long time. So, you shouldn't bank on it, but it is shouldn't bank on it, but it is shouldn't bank on it, but it is something to be aware of just like when something to be aware of just like when something to be aware of just like when people were selling edit workflow people were selling edit workflow people were selling edit workflow templates and things like that. But once templates and things like that. But once templates and things like that. But once again, it just comes down to one word, again, it just comes down to one word, again, it just comes down to one word, which is leverage. This isn't just which is leverage. This isn't just which is leverage. This isn't just theory. This is something that we're theory. This is something that we're theory. This is something that we're seeing with clients. This is something seeing with clients. This is something seeing with clients. This is something that we're seeing internally in my own that we're seeing internally in my own that we're seeing internally in my own business. This speed of work that we're business. This speed of work that we're business. This speed of work that we're able to achieve right now feels insane. able to achieve right now feels insane. able to achieve right now feels insane. But that is going to become normal. And But that is going to become normal. And But that is going to become normal. And if you can't do that, you instantly if you can't do that, you instantly if you can't do that, you instantly become way too slow and way too become way too slow and way too become way too slow and way too expensive for the business. And they expensive for the business. And they expensive for the business. And they might not keep you around. We're might not keep you around. We're might not keep you around. We're actually making it a priority to make actually making it a priority to make actually making it a priority to make sure all of our employees are using sure all of our employees are using sure all of our employees are using cloud code. Because now I have all these cloud code. Because now I have all these cloud code. Because now I have all these different skills that I can just run different skills that I can just run different skills that I can just run with a simple slash command or a simple with a simple slash command or a simple with a simple slash command or a simple natural language prompt and get in one natural language prompt and get in one natural language prompt and get in one day a week's worth of output. Because day a week's worth of output. Because day a week's worth of output. Because once again, one person can figure out once again, one person can figure out once again, one person can figure out the best way to do something and turn it the best way to do something and turn it the best way to do something and turn it into a skill that the entire team can into a skill that the entire team can into a skill that the entire team can use. But they don't just generate text. use. But they don't just generate text. use. But they don't just generate text. They're basically automations. They can They're basically automations. They can They're basically automations. They can run scripts. They can call APIs. They run scripts. They can call APIs. They run scripts. They can call APIs. They can create things. They can have sub can create things. They can have sub can create things. They can have sub agents. And they can be called on from agents. And they can be called on from agents. And they can be called on from agents as well. So this is truly AI agents as well. So this is truly AI agents as well. So this is truly AI automation. And just to really hammer it automation. And just to really hammer it automation. And just to really hammer it home, they're basically SOPs for your AI home, they're basically SOPs for your AI home, they're basically SOPs for your AI agents. The same way where you would agents. The same way where you would agents. The same way where you would train a human employee by letting them train a human employee by letting them train a human employee by letting them read through an SOP to understand the read through an SOP to understand the read through an SOP to understand the process and then they'd be able to do process and then they'd be able to do process and then they'd be able to do it, you just train an agent on it. You it, you just train an agent on it. You it, you just train an agent on it. You give them the skill, they read it, and give them the skill, they read it, and give them the skill, they read it, and then they do it. And the coolest part then they do it. And the coolest part then they do it. And the coolest part about it is the more you use the skill, about it is the more you use the skill, about it is the more you use the skill, the better and better it gets. So, we've the better and better it gets. So, we've the better and better it gets. So, we've talked about a lot of these benefits, talked about a lot of these benefits, talked about a lot of these benefits, right? But what actually is a skill? right? But what actually is a skill? right? But what actually is a skill? Well, it's just a folder and it lives Well, it's just a folder and it lives Well, it's just a folder and it lives somewhere in your project. The most somewhere in your project. The most somewhere in your project. The most common example is probably going to be common example is probably going to be common example is probably going to be in your do.claude/skills/skill in your do.claude/skills/skill in your do.claude/skills/skill name and then you've got like a skill MD name and then you've got like a skill MD name and then you've got like a skill MD or a markdown file. So, right here in my or a markdown file. So, right here in my or a markdown file. So, right here in my Herk 2 project, you can see up top we've Herk 2 project, you can see up top we've Herk 2 project, you can see up top we've got.claude. I open up.claude, we have got.claude. I open up.claude, we have got.claude. I open up.claude, we have agents, rules, and skills. Right now, agents, rules, and skills. Right now, agents, rules, and skills. Right now, we're just talking about skills. If I we're just talking about skills. If I we're just talking about skills. If I open that up, we can see all the open that up, we can see all the open that up, we can see all the different skills that I've created in. different skills that I've created in. different skills that I've created in. So let's say for example the Excal So let's say for example the Excal So let's say for example the Excal diagram skill. If I click into that, we diagram skill. If I click into that, we diagram skill. If I click into that, we have a skill.md. And when I open that have a skill.md. And when I open that have a skill.md. And when I open that up, you can see we have the name of the up, you can see we have the name of the up, you can see we have the name of the skill, the description, and then we have skill, the description, and then we have skill, the description, and then we have the actual workflow. Step one, the actual workflow. Step one, the actual workflow. Step one, understand the concept. Step two, plan understand the concept. Step two, plan understand the concept. Step two, plan the layout. Step three, generate the layout. Step three, generate the layout. Step three, generate elements. And this entire skill elements. And this entire skill elements. And this entire skill basically teaches my agent how to build basically teaches my agent how to build basically teaches my agent how to build these Excal diagrams for me. So like I these Excal diagrams for me. So like I these Excal diagrams for me. So like I said, that is the anatomy of the skill. said, that is the anatomy of the skill. said, that is the anatomy of the skill. We've got front matter which is kind of We've got front matter which is kind of We've got front matter which is kind of between these two dotted lines and that between these two dotted lines and that between these two dotted lines and that is in something called YAML which you is in something called YAML which you is in something called YAML which you don't need to worry about what that don't need to worry about what that don't need to worry about what that means. This is just the way that it's means. This is just the way that it's means. This is just the way that it's kind of indicated sort of like your kind of indicated sort of like your kind of indicated sort of like your markdown or your JSON or Python. Now up markdown or your JSON or Python. Now up markdown or your JSON or Python. Now up here we'll have a name and a description here we'll have a name and a description here we'll have a name and a description which tells Claude Code what the skill which tells Claude Code what the skill which tells Claude Code what the skill is called and what the skill does. So as is called and what the skill does. So as is called and what the skill does. So as you can see this one is called Excalraw- you can see this one is called Excalraw- you can see this one is called Excalraw- Diagram and there's a brief description Diagram and there's a brief description Diagram and there's a brief description about what it actually does or when to about what it actually does or when to about what it actually does or when to use it. And then we have the use it. And then we have the use it. And then we have the step-by-step rules, which are basically step-by-step rules, which are basically step-by-step rules, which are basically the instructions. And this is what the instructions. And this is what the instructions. And this is what Claude actually does once it decides Claude actually does once it decides Claude actually does once it decides that this is the right skill for the that this is the right skill for the that this is the right skill for the job. Now, the interesting thing about job. Now, the interesting thing about job. Now, the interesting thing about skills is that sometimes you need way skills is that sometimes you need way skills is that sometimes you need way more data. So, for example, let's say more data. So, for example, let's say more data. So, for example, let's say we're writing a LinkedIn post. We have a we're writing a LinkedIn post. We have a we're writing a LinkedIn post. We have a skill for that, right? But what needs to skill for that, right? But what needs to skill for that, right? But what needs to go in the skill is other information go in the skill is other information go in the skill is other information sometimes like a company tone of voice sometimes like a company tone of voice sometimes like a company tone of voice or maybe your LinkedIn, you know, tone or maybe your LinkedIn, you know, tone or maybe your LinkedIn, you know, tone of voice, a target avatar, current of voice, a target avatar, current of voice, a target avatar, current priorities, a logo. Maybe there are priorities, a logo. Maybe there are priorities, a logo. Maybe there are other things that you want to put into a other things that you want to put into a other things that you want to put into a skill besides just like the step-by-step skill besides just like the step-by-step skill besides just like the step-by-step instructions that will make it better. instructions that will make it better. instructions that will make it better. So, the question is, where do these So, the question is, where do these So, the question is, where do these things go? Well, there's typically two things go? Well, there's typically two things go? Well, there's typically two options, but essentially, as long as options, but essentially, as long as options, but essentially, as long as you're pointing to the right path in the you're pointing to the right path in the you're pointing to the right path in the skill.md, you're fine. So, let me skill.md, you're fine. So, let me skill.md, you're fine. So, let me explain what I mean by that, and then explain what I mean by that, and then explain what I mean by that, and then I'll show you what I mean by that. So, I'll show you what I mean by that. So, I'll show you what I mean by that. So, first option is to have it first option is to have it first option is to have it self-contained. So, in self-contained. So, in self-contained. So, in yourcloud/skills/skll yourcloud/skills/skll yourcloud/skills/skll name, you can have the skill. MD, you name, you can have the skill. MD, you name, you can have the skill. MD, you can have your scripts right there, and can have your scripts right there, and can have your scripts right there, and you can have your references right you can have your references right you can have your references right there. Or option B is that they're not there. Or option B is that they're not there. Or option B is that they're not directly nested right under that skill. directly nested right under that skill. directly nested right under that skill. So here we have.claude/skill/infographic So here we have.claude/skill/infographic So here we have.claude/skill/infographic and the skillmd and we still have our and the skillmd and we still have our and the skillmd and we still have our scripts and our references in the same scripts and our references in the same scripts and our references in the same project but it's just not nested project but it's just not nested project but it's just not nested directly under that skill. And so I know directly under that skill. And so I know directly under that skill. And so I know that might have made no sense. So let me that might have made no sense. So let me that might have made no sense. So let me show you exactly what I mean by that. show you exactly what I mean by that. show you exactly what I mean by that. Okay. So here we have a skill called Okay. So here we have a skill called Okay. So here we have a skill called idea mining. And so what happens in here idea mining. And so what happens in here idea mining. And so what happens in here is basically use when someone asks for is basically use when someone asks for is basically use when someone asks for content ideas, video ideas, what to make content ideas, video ideas, what to make content ideas, video ideas, what to make next or to run idea mining. And so in next or to run idea mining. And so in next or to run idea mining. And so in here I gave it some context, right? My here I gave it some context, right? My here I gave it some context, right? My channel has this many subs. It's about channel has this many subs. It's about channel has this many subs. It's about AI automation. My content pillars are AI automation. My content pillars are AI automation. My content pillars are naden, rag agents, cloud code, voice AI. naden, rag agents, cloud code, voice AI. naden, rag agents, cloud code, voice AI. And then what I gave it is a bunch of And then what I gave it is a bunch of And then what I gave it is a bunch of references. I gave it channel data, references. I gave it channel data, references. I gave it channel data, which is YouTube channel.md. I also gave which is YouTube channel.md. I also gave which is YouTube channel.md. I also gave it the raw data, which is a JSON file. I it the raw data, which is a JSON file. I it the raw data, which is a JSON file. I gave it a competitor list for me. And I gave it a competitor list for me. And I gave it a competitor list for me. And I gave it an actual script to run analysis gave it an actual script to run analysis gave it an actual script to run analysis on my YouTube channel. And so in this on my YouTube channel. And so in this on my YouTube channel. And so in this case, what you can see is that I went case, what you can see is that I went case, what you can see is that I went for option B where I'm storing those for option B where I'm storing those for option B where I'm storing those reference files and those scripts not reference files and those scripts not reference files and those scripts not directly nested in this skill. So directly nested in this skill. So directly nested in this skill. So basically what it could look like is basically what it could look like is basically what it could look like is within the skill itself, we could have a within the skill itself, we could have a within the skill itself, we could have a folder called, you know, references. We folder called, you know, references. We folder called, you know, references. We could also have a folder in here called could also have a folder in here called could also have a folder in here called scripts. And then within both of these scripts. And then within both of these scripts. And then within both of these subfolders, we could have more things subfolders, we could have more things subfolders, we could have more things like, you know, in the references, I like, you know, in the references, I like, you know, in the references, I could have channel data. And in the could have channel data. And in the could have channel data. And in the scripts, I could have scripts, I could have scripts, I could have YouTube-analysis.js YouTube-analysis.js YouTube-analysis.js js or py whatever it is. Basically the js or py whatever it is. Basically the js or py whatever it is. Basically the idea is it doesn't matter where those idea is it doesn't matter where those idea is it doesn't matter where those actual reference files or scripts live actual reference files or scripts live actual reference files or scripts live as long as you point to the right spot as long as you point to the right spot as long as you point to the right spot in the md file. So in my case where in the md file. So in my case where in the md file. So in my case where these actually live is in a different these actually live is in a different these actually live is in a different folder. So here for the channel data I folder. So here for the channel data I folder. So here for the channel data I would basically just go all the way down would basically just go all the way down would basically just go all the way down to references and then I could go down to references and then I could go down to references and then I could go down to right here YouTube channel.md. So to right here YouTube channel.md. So to right here YouTube channel.md. So cloud code reads the skill and then it's cloud code reads the skill and then it's cloud code reads the skill and then it's able to find this if it needs it. Same able to find this if it needs it. Same able to find this if it needs it. Same thing for the scripts. It would go down thing for the scripts. It would go down thing for the scripts. It would go down here to scripts and then it would find here to scripts and then it would find here to scripts and then it would find analyze YouTube. py and it would just analyze YouTube. py and it would just analyze YouTube. py and it would just pull this in if it needed it. So pull this in if it needed it. So pull this in if it needed it. So hopefully you guys are with me. However hopefully you guys are with me. However hopefully you guys are with me. However you want to set it up works. And I think you want to set it up works. And I think you want to set it up works. And I think that's the most overwhelming thing about that's the most overwhelming thing about that's the most overwhelming thing about cloud code right now is that everyone cloud code right now is that everyone cloud code right now is that everyone uses different kind of folder uses different kind of folder uses different kind of folder architecture. But don't worry guys, I'm architecture. But don't worry guys, I'm architecture. But don't worry guys, I'm totally on top of this. I have a skill totally on top of this. I have a skill totally on top of this. I have a skill that I built out called skilluer. And that I built out called skilluer. And that I built out called skilluer. And this one I'll be giving away for free this one I'll be giving away for free this one I'll be giving away for free once again in my free school community once again in my free school community once again in my free school community right here. And all you'd have to do is right here. And all you'd have to do is right here. And all you'd have to do is load in the skill builder and then it'll load in the skill builder and then it'll load in the skill builder and then it'll help you build out everything you need. help you build out everything you need. help you build out everything you need. And I'll be showing a live demo of that And I'll be showing a live demo of that And I'll be showing a live demo of that in a few minutes here. So the skill.md in a few minutes here. So the skill.md in a few minutes here. So the skill.md is the actual brain itself and the is the actual brain itself and the is the actual brain itself and the supporting files are the tools that it supporting files are the tools that it supporting files are the tools that it can use. That doesn't mean every single can use. That doesn't mean every single can use. That doesn't mean every single time the skill is invoked that those time the skill is invoked that those time the skill is invoked that those reference files will all be called. And reference files will all be called. And reference files will all be called. And just in case you guys were wondering if just in case you guys were wondering if just in case you guys were wondering if you've watched some of my previous cloud you've watched some of my previous cloud you've watched some of my previous cloud code videos where we've used the WAT code videos where we've used the WAT code videos where we've used the WAT framework to build automations. This is framework to build automations. This is framework to build automations. This is very very very similar in that very very very similar in that very very very similar in that framework. The W the workflows were the framework. The W the workflows were the framework. The W the workflows were the markdown file SOPs. That's basically the markdown file SOPs. That's basically the markdown file SOPs. That's basically the skill. The tools were the actual Python skill. The tools were the actual Python skill. The tools were the actual Python scripts and that's basically just the scripts and that's basically just the scripts and that's basically just the scripts that you might write or the scripts that you might write or the scripts that you might write or the references that you would add in. So, if references that you would add in. So, if references that you would add in. So, if you've already been building some WAT you've already been building some WAT you've already been building some WAT stuff, you will pick up skills super stuff, you will pick up skills super stuff, you will pick up skills super super quickly. And the cool thing about super quickly. And the cool thing about super quickly. And the cool thing about skills is that you don't have to build skills is that you don't have to build skills is that you don't have to build all of them. Obviously, as you're all of them. Obviously, as you're all of them. Obviously, as you're working with cloud code and you're working with cloud code and you're working with cloud code and you're finding that you're doing things finding that you're doing things finding that you're doing things repetitively, you can go ahead and build repetitively, you can go ahead and build repetitively, you can go ahead and build a skill for it. But there's an official a skill for it. But there's an official a skill for it. But there's an official library from Anthropic of Skills. library from Anthropic of Skills. library from Anthropic of Skills. There's a community of everyone that's There's a community of everyone that's There's a community of everyone that's open sourcing their skills and giving open sourcing their skills and giving open sourcing their skills and giving them out. And there's a marketplace them out. And there's a marketplace them out. And there's a marketplace where you can share and sell or you know where you can share and sell or you know where you can share and sell or you know download skills from people. And then download skills from people. And then download skills from people. And then you would take that skill or that you would take that skill or that you would take that skill or that essentially a prompt and you would add essentially a prompt and you would add essentially a prompt and you would add your own flavor to it. The one thing I your own flavor to it. The one thing I your own flavor to it. The one thing I would say is just be careful and make would say is just be careful and make would say is just be careful and make sure that no one's trying to, you know, sure that no one's trying to, you know, sure that no one's trying to, you know, give you a skill that has any malicious give you a skill that has any malicious give you a skill that has any malicious intent in there. And all these skills intent in there. And all these skills intent in there. And all these skills can work across different products. So, can work across different products. So, can work across different products. So, cursor, anti-gravity, codeex, because cursor, anti-gravity, codeex, because cursor, anti-gravity, codeex, because it's so based in Markdown and it's it's so based in Markdown and it's it's so based in Markdown and it's essentially just a prompt, tons of essentially just a prompt, tons of essentially just a prompt, tons of different AI models can use them. Okay. different AI models can use them. Okay. different AI models can use them. Okay. So, how does Claude know when to use a So, how does Claude know when to use a So, how does Claude know when to use a skill? Well, there are two ways to skill? Well, there are two ways to skill? Well, there are two ways to actually trigger them. The first one is actually trigger them. The first one is actually trigger them. The first one is you can be explicit, which basically you can be explicit, which basically you can be explicit, which basically means you can do a slash command and say means you can do a slash command and say means you can do a slash command and say the skill name and it will just directly the skill name and it will just directly the skill name and it will just directly fire off that skill. Or it could just be fire off that skill. Or it could just be fire off that skill. Or it could just be natural language. So if I had a school natural language. So if I had a school natural language. So if I had a school post skill, I could say post skill, I could say post skill, I could say slashschool-post. slashschool-post. slashschool-post. Or I could natural language just say, Or I could natural language just say, Or I could natural language just say, "Hey, help me write a school post about "Hey, help me write a school post about "Hey, help me write a school post about X." Claude would find that skill and X." Claude would find that skill and X." Claude would find that skill and then invoke it. So when you ask Claude then invoke it. So when you ask Claude then invoke it. So when you ask Claude to do something, it will first read to do something, it will first read to do something, it will first read through the cloud.MD file. It will through the cloud.MD file. It will through the cloud.MD file. It will analyze your request and it will search analyze your request and it will search analyze your request and it will search through the skills and see which one do through the skills and see which one do through the skills and see which one do I have that helps with this query. If it I have that helps with this query. If it I have that helps with this query. If it finds one, it will invoke it. But if it finds one, it will invoke it. But if it finds one, it will invoke it. But if it can't find anything, then it will can't find anything, then it will can't find anything, then it will basically just use its general basically just use its general basically just use its general knowledge. So not every single request knowledge. So not every single request knowledge. So not every single request that you give to cloud code will invoke that you give to cloud code will invoke that you give to cloud code will invoke a skill. Now a really important part of a skill. Now a really important part of a skill. Now a really important part of that is understanding how skills stay that is understanding how skills stay that is understanding how skills stay lightweight because if you've been using lightweight because if you've been using lightweight because if you've been using cloud code you know that context cloud code you know that context cloud code you know that context management is a huge deal. And if you management is a huge deal. And if you management is a huge deal. And if you had all of these skills to look through had all of these skills to look through had all of these skills to look through and all of these skills are I don't know and all of these skills are I don't know and all of these skills are I don't know hundreds and hundreds of lines then if hundreds and hundreds of lines then if hundreds and hundreds of lines then if cloud code was searching through all of cloud code was searching through all of cloud code was searching through all of these every single time that would these every single time that would these every single time that would surely eat up a ton of your tokens. So surely eat up a ton of your tokens. So surely eat up a ton of your tokens. So what's used is something called what's used is something called what's used is something called progressive context loading which progressive context loading which progressive context loading which basically means we have three levels. basically means we have three levels. basically means we have three levels. Level one is the initial search where Level one is the initial search where Level one is the initial search where cloud code only looks for the name and cloud code only looks for the name and cloud code only looks for the name and the description. So right here you can the description. So right here you can the description. So right here you can see let's say we ask for an Excal see let's say we ask for an Excal see let's say we ask for an Excal diagram. It would basically search diagram. It would basically search diagram. It would basically search through all the skills but it would only through all the skills but it would only through all the skills but it would only read the YAML front matter. So it would read the YAML front matter. So it would read the YAML front matter. So it would read the name and the description. And read the name and the description. And read the name and the description. And typically this front matter is only typically this front matter is only typically this front matter is only going to be you know maybe roughly 100 going to be you know maybe roughly 100 going to be you know maybe roughly 100 tokens. So it stays very lightweight. tokens. So it stays very lightweight. tokens. So it stays very lightweight. And then moving down to level two let's And then moving down to level two let's And then moving down to level two let's say it identifies okay cool this is the say it identifies okay cool this is the say it identifies okay cool this is the right skill for the job. Then it would right skill for the job. Then it would right skill for the job. Then it would run the full skill.mmd and it would read run the full skill.mmd and it would read run the full skill.mmd and it would read through everything. And so that's when through everything. And so that's when through everything. And so that's when it would start to actually understand it would start to actually understand it would start to actually understand what goes on in the skill. And that what goes on in the skill. And that what goes on in the skill. And that might be anywhere from a thousand to a might be anywhere from a thousand to a might be anywhere from a thousand to a couple thousand tokens. And then level couple thousand tokens. And then level couple thousand tokens. And then level three is once again a decision. Only three is once again a decision. Only three is once again a decision. Only load in the extra files when needed. So load in the extra files when needed. So load in the extra files when needed. So if I need to look at any scripts or if I need to look at any scripts or if I need to look at any scripts or references or templates or I need to references or templates or I need to references or templates or I need to pull in some brand assets or more pull in some brand assets or more pull in some brand assets or more context, I'm only going to do that if context, I'm only going to do that if context, I'm only going to do that if the specific requests requires it. And the specific requests requires it. And the specific requests requires it. And so hopefully now you're starting to so hopefully now you're starting to so hopefully now you're starting to understand a little bit more about under understand a little bit more about under understand a little bit more about under the hood what's actually going on when the hood what's actually going on when the hood what's actually going on when you ask cla code to do something for you ask cla code to do something for you ask cla code to do something for you. And you can always go to cloud code you. And you can always go to cloud code you. And you can always go to cloud code docs and go to the skills section and docs and go to the skills section and docs and go to the skills section and just read about how this stuff works. just read about how this stuff works. just read about how this stuff works. It's really, really simple. On the doc It's really, really simple. On the doc It's really, really simple. On the doc itself, it will tell you just make sure itself, it will tell you just make sure itself, it will tell you just make sure to keep the skill.md under 500 lines. to keep the skill.md under 500 lines. to keep the skill.md under 500 lines. Move detailed reference material to Move detailed reference material to Move detailed reference material to separate files. And so, I know this may separate files. And so, I know this may separate files. And so, I know this may seem like it's just a lot of information seem like it's just a lot of information seem like it's just a lot of information being thrown at you. So, let me just being thrown at you. So, let me just being thrown at you. So, let me just kind of contextualize this and slow it kind of contextualize this and slow it kind of contextualize this and slow it down and reassure you guys. You're never down and reassure you guys. You're never down and reassure you guys. You're never ever ever going to write a perfect skill ever ever going to write a perfect skill ever ever going to write a perfect skill the first try. The way that I build my the first try. The way that I build my the first try. The way that I build my skills is I have Claude Code do skills is I have Claude Code do skills is I have Claude Code do something with me. I walk it through the something with me. I walk it through the something with me. I walk it through the steps, you know, each time. And then steps, you know, each time. And then steps, you know, each time. And then when we're done, if we've went from when we're done, if we've went from when we're done, if we've went from point A to point B, I say, "Cool. This point A to point B, I say, "Cool. This point A to point B, I say, "Cool. This is something I do once a day. Let's turn is something I do once a day. Let's turn is something I do once a day. Let's turn this into a skill. Ask me more questions this into a skill. Ask me more questions this into a skill. Ask me more questions so we can make sure you have all the so we can make sure you have all the so we can make sure you have all the information you need." And once again, information you need." And once again, information you need." And once again, I'm going to show you guys opening up a I'm going to show you guys opening up a I'm going to show you guys opening up a brand new project and setting up a skill brand new project and setting up a skill brand new project and setting up a skill from scratch so you understand the full from scratch so you understand the full from scratch so you understand the full process, but I just had to give you guys process, but I just had to give you guys process, but I just had to give you guys some context first. Now, we have this some context first. Now, we have this some context first. Now, we have this thing called the feedback cycle, which thing called the feedback cycle, which thing called the feedback cycle, which basically means you invoke the skill, basically means you invoke the skill, basically means you invoke the skill, you actually watch the agent work, you you actually watch the agent work, you you actually watch the agent work, you give feedback, and then it fixes the give feedback, and then it fixes the give feedback, and then it fixes the skill, and then you do it again. And so, skill, and then you do it again. And so, skill, and then you do it again. And so, the first couple times you run a skill, the first couple times you run a skill, the first couple times you run a skill, you may feel like, eh, this feels very you may feel like, eh, this feels very you may feel like, eh, this feels very AI generated. But by the time you've run AI generated. But by the time you've run AI generated. But by the time you've run that skill 10, 20, 30 times, every that skill 10, 20, 30 times, every that skill 10, 20, 30 times, every single time it gets better. And so, single time it gets better. And so, single time it gets better. And so, that's why it's actually important to that's why it's actually important to that's why it's actually important to watch the agent work the first couple of watch the agent work the first couple of watch the agent work the first couple of times because that's how you're able to times because that's how you're able to times because that's how you're able to identify opportunities to speed it up identify opportunities to speed it up identify opportunities to speed it up and save tokens by doing things like and save tokens by doing things like and save tokens by doing things like this. So here's an example of the pulse this. So here's an example of the pulse this. So here's an example of the pulse check skill that we actually ran check skill that we actually ran check skill that we actually ran earlier. Now this skill gets invoked earlier. Now this skill gets invoked earlier. Now this skill gets invoked when I ask for a pulse check or checking when I ask for a pulse check or checking when I ask for a pulse check or checking in on commitments. And what it does is in on commitments. And what it does is in on commitments. And what it does is it reads through some context of how it reads through some context of how it reads through some context of how OTAAS work, which is important for it to OTAAS work, which is important for it to OTAAS work, which is important for it to understand every single time it reads understand every single time it reads understand every single time it reads the skill, which is why I put it here the skill, which is why I put it here the skill, which is why I put it here rather than a reference file. And what rather than a reference file. And what rather than a reference file. And what it has to do is it has to do a live it has to do is it has to do a live it has to do is it has to do a live lookup on my ClickUp to understand lookup on my ClickUp to understand lookup on my ClickUp to understand what's going on. So what I did is I what's going on. So what I did is I what's going on. So what I did is I hardcoded in these list IDs because when hardcoded in these list IDs because when hardcoded in these list IDs because when I was watching it, I realized every I was watching it, I realized every I was watching it, I realized every single time it was doing this, it was single time it was doing this, it was single time it was doing this, it was calling the ClickUp MCP and it was calling the ClickUp MCP and it was calling the ClickUp MCP and it was gathering all these lists and it was gathering all these lists and it was gathering all these lists and it was searching and parsing the results and searching and parsing the results and searching and parsing the results and then it would extract the ID and that then it would extract the ID and that then it would extract the ID and that just was taking so long and it was just was taking so long and it was just was taking so long and it was costing me a ton of tokens. So I costing me a ton of tokens. So I costing me a ton of tokens. So I realized that's always going to be the realized that's always going to be the realized that's always going to be the same. Why don't I just give it in the same. Why don't I just give it in the same. Why don't I just give it in the skill document the list IDs and now it skill document the list IDs and now it skill document the list IDs and now it knows how to do that instantly every knows how to do that instantly every knows how to do that instantly every time and it doesn't waste all those time and it doesn't waste all those time and it doesn't waste all those tokens. And on top of that, I know that tokens. And on top of that, I know that tokens. And on top of that, I know that searching through ClickUp can consume a searching through ClickUp can consume a searching through ClickUp can consume a lot of time and tokens. So, I built a lot of time and tokens. So, I built a lot of time and tokens. So, I built a specialized sub agent that in this specialized sub agent that in this specialized sub agent that in this skill, I say, "Hey, delegate to the skill, I say, "Hey, delegate to the skill, I say, "Hey, delegate to the ClickUp searcher agent with this query ClickUp searcher agent with this query ClickUp searcher agent with this query in order to do all of this searching so in order to do all of this searching so in order to do all of this searching so that you don't blow your own context that you don't blow your own context that you don't blow your own context window." All of that's handled over window." All of that's handled over window." All of that's handled over there and then you only get the there and then you only get the there and then you only get the information that you need. So, there's a information that you need. So, there's a information that you need. So, there's a lot of advanced things that you can do lot of advanced things that you can do lot of advanced things that you can do to manage your context. I'm not going to to manage your context. I'm not going to to manage your context. I'm not going to dive into all of that right now. We're dive into all of that right now. We're dive into all of that right now. We're just focusing on skills, but just wanted just focusing on skills, but just wanted just focusing on skills, but just wanted to give you a little taste of what's to give you a little taste of what's to give you a little taste of what's possible in the skill.md files. So, possible in the skill.md files. So, possible in the skill.md files. So, another good example of needing a another good example of needing a another good example of needing a reference doc like that is in my skill reference doc like that is in my skill reference doc like that is in my skill builder skill. I obviously use this when builder skill. I obviously use this when builder skill. I obviously use this when I'm creating new skills, optimizing I'm creating new skills, optimizing I'm creating new skills, optimizing skills, auditing skill quality, things skills, auditing skill quality, things skills, auditing skill quality, things like that. And a lot of the inspiration like that. And a lot of the inspiration like that. And a lot of the inspiration I got from this was of course straight I got from this was of course straight I got from this was of course straight from claude code docs itself about how from claude code docs itself about how from claude code docs itself about how to actually use and build and optimize to actually use and build and optimize to actually use and build and optimize skills. And so, when I was building this skills. And so, when I was building this skills. And so, when I was building this out, I I was watching the agent, you out, I I was watching the agent, you out, I I was watching the agent, you know, run the skill and I realized it's know, run the skill and I realized it's know, run the skill and I realized it's searching every single time. It's doing searching every single time. It's doing searching every single time. It's doing a web search and it's crawling the a web search and it's crawling the a web search and it's crawling the entire document, even if I just need a entire document, even if I just need a entire document, even if I just need a little piece of information. So, what I little piece of information. So, what I little piece of information. So, what I decided to do was I told it to basically decided to do was I told it to basically decided to do was I told it to basically scrape that whole thing and then I gave scrape that whole thing and then I gave scrape that whole thing and then I gave it a reference.md, which is basically it a reference.md, which is basically it a reference.md, which is basically the documentation. So, I've got my the documentation. So, I've got my the documentation. So, I've got my skill.md and what it does is it skill.md and what it does is it skill.md and what it does is it references that full file if it needs references that full file if it needs references that full file if it needs it. But really, the main idea that I'm it. But really, the main idea that I'm it. But really, the main idea that I'm trying to drive home here is that trying to drive home here is that trying to drive home here is that processing markdown files for your agent processing markdown files for your agent processing markdown files for your agent is so much quicker and cheaper than is so much quicker and cheaper than is so much quicker and cheaper than actually making API calls or HTTP actually making API calls or HTTP actually making API calls or HTTP requests, you know, executing functions requests, you know, executing functions requests, you know, executing functions and reading tons and tons of tokens. So, and reading tons and tons of tokens. So, and reading tons and tons of tokens. So, the goal is your skills will get to a the goal is your skills will get to a the goal is your skills will get to a place where you can invoke them, focus place where you can invoke them, focus place where you can invoke them, focus on something else for 10, 15 minutes or on something else for 10, 15 minutes or on something else for 10, 15 minutes or whatever, and then come back and have a whatever, and then come back and have a whatever, and then come back and have a finished result that is really, really finished result that is really, really finished result that is really, really good. But the first couple times that good. But the first couple times that good. But the first couple times that you are testing out a skill, I think you are testing out a skill, I think you are testing out a skill, I think it's a really good idea to just sit it's a really good idea to just sit it's a really good idea to just sit there and watch it and see what it's there and watch it and see what it's there and watch it and see what it's doing. And a lot of people have asked me doing. And a lot of people have asked me doing. And a lot of people have asked me like when do you know when to build a like when do you know when to build a like when do you know when to build a skill? Well, basically just go about skill? Well, basically just go about skill? Well, basically just go about your work and if you ever realize that your work and if you ever realize that your work and if you ever realize that you've done something already or you've you've done something already or you've you've done something already or you've instructed something differently, like I instructed something differently, like I instructed something differently, like I tell my claude to not use m dashes. tell my claude to not use m dashes. tell my claude to not use m dashes. Okay, well that's probably a good idea Okay, well that's probably a good idea Okay, well that's probably a good idea to put that in the prompt, right? So if to put that in the prompt, right? So if to put that in the prompt, right? So if you ever find yourself doing a process you ever find yourself doing a process you ever find yourself doing a process or repeating prompts, then that's or repeating prompts, then that's or repeating prompts, then that's probably a good use case to build a probably a good use case to build a probably a good use case to build a skill around it because skills don't skill around it because skills don't skill around it because skills don't have to be complex. They could literally have to be complex. They could literally have to be complex. They could literally just be a 50line markdown file. All just be a 50line markdown file. All just be a 50line markdown file. All right, so we're about to hop into a live right, so we're about to hop into a live right, so we're about to hop into a live build of a skill from scratch. But what build of a skill from scratch. But what build of a skill from scratch. But what I wanted to do real quick was go over I wanted to do real quick was go over I wanted to do real quick was go over the six-step skill building framework. the six-step skill building framework. the six-step skill building framework. So number one is the name and the So number one is the name and the So number one is the name and the trigger. What is it called and the trigger. What is it called and the trigger. What is it called and the natural language that would basically natural language that would basically natural language that would basically fire it off? Number two is the goal. So fire it off? Number two is the goal. So fire it off? Number two is the goal. So in one sentence, what will this skill in one sentence, what will this skill in one sentence, what will this skill accomplish by the end? What will be the accomplish by the end? What will be the accomplish by the end? What will be the output? Number three is the actual meat output? Number three is the actual meat output? Number three is the actual meat of it. That's the step-by-step process. of it. That's the step-by-step process. of it. That's the step-by-step process. If you had to do something manually, If you had to do something manually, If you had to do something manually, exactly what do you do in what order? exactly what do you do in what order? exactly what do you do in what order? What do you look at? And what decisions What do you look at? And what decisions What do you look at? And what decisions do you make? Number four is the do you make? Number four is the do you make? Number four is the reference files. What context do you reference files. What context do you reference files. What context do you need? Do you need images? Do you need need? Do you need images? Do you need need? Do you need images? Do you need understanding of current projects, understanding of current projects, understanding of current projects, current priorities? Do you need style current priorities? Do you need style current priorities? Do you need style guides? What do you need to do the job guides? What do you need to do the job guides? What do you need to do the job well? Number five is the rules. Think well? Number five is the rules. Think well? Number five is the rules. Think about what could go wrong and then the about what could go wrong and then the about what could go wrong and then the agent can help you building guardrails agent can help you building guardrails agent can help you building guardrails and constraints around that. And then and constraints around that. And then and constraints around that. And then number six is kind of like after you've number six is kind of like after you've number six is kind of like after you've built it, it's just the self-improvement built it, it's just the self-improvement built it, it's just the self-improvement loop. And after the live build, I'm loop. And after the live build, I'm loop. And after the live build, I'm going to talk about actually testing and going to talk about actually testing and going to talk about actually testing and iterating and what you need to do to iterating and what you need to do to iterating and what you need to do to make them really, really good. But for make them really, really good. But for make them really, really good. But for now, that's the sixstep skill building now, that's the sixstep skill building now, that's the sixstep skill building framework. Let's hop into a live build. framework. Let's hop into a live build. framework. Let's hop into a live build. Okay, so here we are in Visual Studio Okay, so here we are in Visual Studio Okay, so here we are in Visual Studio Code, which is where I like to use Cloud Code, which is where I like to use Cloud Code, which is where I like to use Cloud Code. If you don't have Visual Studio Code. If you don't have Visual Studio Code. If you don't have Visual Studio Code, just go ahead to a browser, type Code, just go ahead to a browser, type Code, just go ahead to a browser, type in VS Code, and then go ahead and in VS Code, and then go ahead and in VS Code, and then go ahead and download this. This is what it will look download this. This is what it will look download this. This is what it will look like. If it's your first time using like. If it's your first time using like. If it's your first time using Cloud Code in here, you just have to go Cloud Code in here, you just have to go Cloud Code in here, you just have to go to extensions on this lefth hand side, to extensions on this lefth hand side, to extensions on this lefth hand side, type in Cloud Code, and then install type in Cloud Code, and then install type in Cloud Code, and then install this, and then log in with your paid this, and then log in with your paid this, and then log in with your paid Anthropic subscription. Now, after that, Anthropic subscription. Now, after that, Anthropic subscription. Now, after that, you're going to click on this top left you're going to click on this top left you're going to click on this top left button, and it's going to pull up this button, and it's going to pull up this button, and it's going to pull up this little thing that says you have not yet little thing that says you have not yet little thing that says you have not yet opened a folder. What you need to do is opened a folder. What you need to do is opened a folder. What you need to do is open up a project to work in. So, you open up a project to work in. So, you open up a project to work in. So, you could either open up one that you're could either open up one that you're could either open up one that you're already working on or you could go ahead already working on or you could go ahead already working on or you could go ahead and create a new folder and then open and create a new folder and then open and create a new folder and then open that one up. For the sake of the demo, I that one up. For the sake of the demo, I that one up. For the sake of the demo, I just opened up a new blank folder called just opened up a new blank folder called just opened up a new blank folder called a bunch of skills. And I'm going to show a bunch of skills. And I'm going to show a bunch of skills. And I'm going to show you exactly what to do. So, the first you exactly what to do. So, the first you exactly what to do. So, the first step is to go to my free school step is to go to my free school step is to go to my free school community link in the description. Go to community link in the description. Go to community link in the description. Go to the agent skills classroom and download the agent skills classroom and download the agent skills classroom and download the skill builder folder. Once you've the skill builder folder. Once you've the skill builder folder. Once you've got those files ready to go, first thing got those files ready to go, first thing got those files ready to go, first thing we want to do is just set up this we want to do is just set up this we want to do is just set up this workspace real quick. Initialize this workspace real quick. Initialize this workspace real quick. Initialize this project with a simple.cloud/skills project with a simple.cloud/skills project with a simple.cloud/skills structure. Cool. So, as you can see, structure. Cool. So, as you can see, structure. Cool. So, as you can see, that got set up. We have aclaude. We that got set up. We have aclaude. We that got set up. We have aclaude. We have a skills folder. And what I'm going have a skills folder. And what I'm going have a skills folder. And what I'm going to do is in this skill folder, I'm going to do is in this skill folder, I'm going to do is in this skill folder, I'm going to create a new folder called to create a new folder called to create a new folder called skill-builder skill-builder skill-builder and hit enter. And then I'm going to and hit enter. And then I'm going to and hit enter. And then I'm going to take those two files for my school take those two files for my school take those two files for my school community, the reference and the community, the reference and the community, the reference and the markdown. And I'm going to put that markdown. And I'm going to put that markdown. And I'm going to put that right in here. So now we have this skill right in here. So now we have this skill right in here. So now we have this skill builder set up with the reference file builder set up with the reference file builder set up with the reference file and the actual skill markdown. I'm and the actual skill markdown. I'm and the actual skill markdown. I'm asking it if it can see that new skill asking it if it can see that new skill asking it if it can see that new skill that I just added. It says yes, I can that I just added. It says yes, I can that I just added. It says yes, I can see it. And I'm basically just going to see it. And I'm basically just going to see it. And I'm basically just going to say, cool. Let's run that skill to build say, cool. Let's run that skill to build say, cool. Let's run that skill to build a new one together. So now you can see a new one together. So now you can see a new one together. So now you can see what it did is it basically is reading what it did is it basically is reading what it did is it basically is reading the skill right now. This is the the skill right now. This is the the skill right now. This is the instructions that we saw right in here. instructions that we saw right in here. instructions that we saw right in here. As you guys know, since that's how As you guys know, since that's how As you guys know, since that's how skills work, it starts to read this. So skills work, it starts to read this. So skills work, it starts to read this. So here we go. I built this skill to here we go. I built this skill to here we go. I built this skill to actually ask you questions so that it's actually ask you questions so that it's actually ask you questions so that it's way easier for you to communicate what way easier for you to communicate what way easier for you to communicate what you want. So the first thing is what you want. So the first thing is what you want. So the first thing is what problem are you trying to solve? What we problem are you trying to solve? What we problem are you trying to solve? What we want to do is content creation because want to do is content creation because want to do is content creation because in this skill, what I want to do is in this skill, what I want to do is in this skill, what I want to do is building branded infographics. What kind building branded infographics. What kind building branded infographics. What kind of content does the skill create? What's of content does the skill create? What's of content does the skill create? What's the specific use case or workflow? And the specific use case or workflow? And the specific use case or workflow? And I'm actually just going to choose other I'm actually just going to choose other I'm actually just going to choose other for this. And I'm going to say for this. And I'm going to say for this. And I'm going to say educational infographics. Now it's educational infographics. Now it's educational infographics. Now it's asking how we should trigger this skill. asking how we should trigger this skill. asking how we should trigger this skill. So does it want to be natural language So does it want to be natural language So does it want to be natural language or do we want to just use slash or do we want to just use slash or do we want to just use slash commands? And I'm just going to say both commands? And I'm just going to say both commands? And I'm just going to say both is fine. And now we're moving on to the is fine. And now we're moving on to the is fine. And now we're moving on to the step-by-step process, which is really step-by-step process, which is really step-by-step process, which is really important because at this point we important because at this point we important because at this point we haven't told it what text stack we haven't told it what text stack we haven't told it what text stack we actually want to use or anything else actually want to use or anything else actually want to use or anything else about our business. So walk me through about our business. So walk me through about our business. So walk me through what should happen from trigger to what should happen from trigger to what should happen from trigger to output. And it has some good guesses. output. And it has some good guesses. output. And it has some good guesses. But what I'm going to do is do other and But what I'm going to do is do other and But what I'm going to do is do other and explain this the way that I want it explain this the way that I want it explain this the way that I want it built. I will tell you what I want an built. I will tell you what I want an built. I will tell you what I want an infographic about. You will create a infographic about. You will create a infographic about. You will create a concept. You will make a request to concept. You will make a request to concept. You will make a request to key.ai to use nanobanana to generate the key.ai to use nanobanana to generate the key.ai to use nanobanana to generate the outline or sorry to generate the image. outline or sorry to generate the image. outline or sorry to generate the image. And you will also look at the brand And you will also look at the brand And you will also look at the brand guidelines that I give you so that guidelines that I give you so that guidelines that I give you so that everything that is created follows my everything that is created follows my everything that is created follows my brand colors and typography and stuff brand colors and typography and stuff brand colors and typography and stuff like that. The output format that I like that. The output format that I like that. The output format that I actually want is a PNG, not any of this actually want is a PNG, not any of this actually want is a PNG, not any of this stuff. Does this need to be stuff. Does this need to be stuff. Does this need to be conversational or fire and forget? I'm conversational or fire and forget? I'm conversational or fire and forget? I'm just going to go fire and forget. All just going to go fire and forget. All just going to go fire and forget. All right. All right. So, how does the key right. All right. So, how does the key right. All right. So, how does the key AI nanobanana integration work? Is it an AI nanobanana integration work? Is it an AI nanobanana integration work? Is it an API call? Yep, we're just going to go API call? Yep, we're just going to go API call? Yep, we're just going to go with an API call. And in these options, with an API call. And in these options, with an API call. And in these options, you could literally say, I don't know. you could literally say, I don't know. you could literally say, I don't know. Let's try different things. You know, Let's try different things. You know, Let's try different things. You know, help me figure out what's best. It's help me figure out what's best. It's help me figure out what's best. It's asking where those brand assets live, so asking where those brand assets live, so asking where those brand assets live, so I'll put them in a folder. And where I'll put them in a folder. And where I'll put them in a folder. And where should the generated PNG infographic be should the generated PNG infographic be should the generated PNG infographic be saved? Yeah, sure. Let's start a new saved? Yeah, sure. Let's start a new saved? Yeah, sure. Let's start a new folder called projects, and we'll throw folder called projects, and we'll throw folder called projects, and we'll throw all of them there. So, it's going to all of them there. So, it's going to all of them there. So, it's going to keep our project organized as well. So, keep our project organized as well. So, keep our project organized as well. So, now it's asking about brand guidelines. now it's asking about brand guidelines. now it's asking about brand guidelines. I created this folder, and I put in our I created this folder, and I put in our I created this folder, and I put in our kind of color scheme as well as the kind of color scheme as well as the kind of color scheme as well as the actual AIS logo. I have put in both our actual AIS logo. I have put in both our actual AIS logo. I have put in both our AIS brand guidelines and the AIS logo. I AIS brand guidelines and the AIS logo. I AIS brand guidelines and the AIS logo. I want to make sure that in the top left want to make sure that in the top left want to make sure that in the top left corner of every single infographic corner of every single infographic corner of every single infographic that's created, the AIS logo appears that's created, the AIS logo appears that's created, the AIS logo appears exactly as I've given you. But I think exactly as I've given you. But I think exactly as I've given you. But I think you guys get the point here. I'm going you guys get the point here. I'm going you guys get the point here. I'm going to answer a few more questions and then to answer a few more questions and then to answer a few more questions and then I'll just show you when we have a I'll just show you when we have a I'll just show you when we have a result. And now that we've done that, result. And now that we've done that, result. And now that we've done that, what you can see is it is going to what you can see is it is going to what you can see is it is going to create the skill. It's going to create create the skill. It's going to create create the skill. It's going to create the logo overlay. It's going to create a the logo overlay. It's going to create a the logo overlay. It's going to create a supporting reference markdown file for supporting reference markdown file for supporting reference markdown file for all of the API details that it's going all of the API details that it's going all of the API details that it's going to need. So that's great. It's going to to need. So that's great. It's going to to need. So that's great. It's going to register the skill in claw.md and it's register the skill in claw.md and it's register the skill in claw.md and it's going to log its decisions. All right, going to log its decisions. All right, going to log its decisions. All right, so it fully built the skill. It created so it fully built the skill. It created so it fully built the skill. It created all those files for us. We just have to all those files for us. We just have to all those files for us. We just have to give it a key API key so it can actually give it a key API key so it can actually give it a key API key so it can actually run this. Okay, so I threw in my API key run this. Okay, so I threw in my API key run this. Okay, so I threw in my API key and then I said test it out with an and then I said test it out with an and then I said test it out with an infographic about cloud skills. That's infographic about cloud skills. That's infographic about cloud skills. That's it. No other context. It invoked the it. No other context. It invoked the it. No other context. It invoked the skill right here and we will see what skill right here and we will see what skill right here and we will see what happens. Okay, this is really happens. Okay, this is really happens. Okay, this is really interesting. So what it's doing is it is interesting. So what it's doing is it is interesting. So what it's doing is it is generating the image and then it's just generating the image and then it's just generating the image and then it's just going to overlay the logo. So, it's going to overlay the logo. So, it's going to overlay the logo. So, it's gonna be a lot more consistent than gonna be a lot more consistent than gonna be a lot more consistent than giving the AI image generator nano giving the AI image generator nano giving the AI image generator nano banana my logo. So, I didn't even tell banana my logo. So, I didn't even tell banana my logo. So, I didn't even tell it to do that. Let's see how it looks. it to do that. Let's see how it looks. it to do that. Let's see how it looks. Okay. Well, I don't love this. We're Okay. Well, I don't love this. We're Okay. Well, I don't love this. We're just going to go back and ask it to just going to go back and ask it to just going to go back and ask it to change some things. The logo on the top change some things. The logo on the top change some things. The logo on the top left doesn't look great. I gave you a left doesn't look great. I gave you a left doesn't look great. I gave you a logo with a transparent background, so logo with a transparent background, so logo with a transparent background, so it should just be overlaid on top and we it should just be overlaid on top and we it should just be overlaid on top and we should be able to see the background should be able to see the background should be able to see the background behind it. The actual infographic itself behind it. The actual infographic itself behind it. The actual infographic itself is all right, but I actually want these is all right, but I actually want these is all right, but I actually want these to always be one by one aspect ratio. to always be one by one aspect ratio. to always be one by one aspect ratio. Okay, so I made some suggestions and Okay, so I made some suggestions and Okay, so I made some suggestions and it's going to try again and it's going it's going to try again and it's going it's going to try again and it's going to update its skill. So we'll see if to update its skill. So we'll see if to update its skill. So we'll see if that's better. All right, so second time that's better. All right, so second time that's better. All right, so second time we run the skill. Let's see if it's any we run the skill. Let's see if it's any we run the skill. Let's see if it's any better. All right, there we go. We've better. All right, there we go. We've better. All right, there we go. We've got the logo up top. We've got cloud got the logo up top. We've got cloud got the logo up top. We've got cloud code skills, custom AI workflow, command code skills, custom AI workflow, command code skills, custom AI workflow, command prompt, trigger, front matter, config prompt, trigger, front matter, config prompt, trigger, front matter, config triggers, AI agent delegation, document triggers, AI agent delegation, document triggers, AI agent delegation, document output. So just keep in mind all we said output. So just keep in mind all we said output. So just keep in mind all we said was build an infographic about cloud was build an infographic about cloud was build an infographic about cloud skills. And this was run number two. skills. And this was run number two. skills. And this was run number two. Every single time that we do this cycle, Every single time that we do this cycle, Every single time that we do this cycle, remember we talked about the feedback. remember we talked about the feedback. remember we talked about the feedback. We would basically watch it again, give We would basically watch it again, give We would basically watch it again, give more feedback, and then keep going. And more feedback, and then keep going. And more feedback, and then keep going. And after we run this probably five or six after we run this probably five or six after we run this probably five or six more times, this would be really, really more times, this would be really, really more times, this would be really, really good. And then every time I ask for an good. And then every time I ask for an good. And then every time I ask for an infographic, it's going to be infographic, it's going to be infographic, it's going to be consistent. And just to show you guys consistent. And just to show you guys consistent. And just to show you guys what was actually built, if we open up what was actually built, if we open up what was actually built, if we open up the infographic builder skill, we have the infographic builder skill, we have the infographic builder skill, we have the actual skill itself. So we have the the actual skill itself. So we have the the actual skill itself. So we have the front matter right here, the name, the front matter right here, the name, the front matter right here, the name, the description, we've got what the skill description, we've got what the skill description, we've got what the skill does, we've got context, so here's where does, we've got context, so here's where does, we've got context, so here's where it links to the actual brand guidelines it links to the actual brand guidelines it links to the actual brand guidelines and logos. We've got the step-by-step and logos. We've got the step-by-step and logos. We've got the step-by-step workflow right here. And we can see workflow right here. And we can see workflow right here. And we can see right here for full API reference and right here for full API reference and right here for full API reference and parameters just see the markdown file so parameters just see the markdown file so parameters just see the markdown file so that you don't have to actually go that you don't have to actually go that you don't have to actually go search the web and search through a search the web and search through a search the web and search through a bunch of tokens. You can just read this bunch of tokens. You can just read this bunch of tokens. You can just read this markdown file. All right. So we've markdown file. All right. So we've markdown file. All right. So we've talked about a lot of stuff about skills talked about a lot of stuff about skills talked about a lot of stuff about skills today and we just built one live. So today and we just built one live. So today and we just built one live. So what I want to talk about now is really what I want to talk about now is really what I want to talk about now is really how do you bridge the gap from like a how do you bridge the gap from like a how do you bridge the gap from like a 90% good skill to making it pretty much 90% good skill to making it pretty much 90% good skill to making it pretty much 100%. So testing, iterating, and 100%. So testing, iterating, and 100%. So testing, iterating, and debugging. There's different symptoms debugging. There's different symptoms debugging. There's different symptoms and there's different fixes. So let's and there's different fixes. So let's and there's different fixes. So let's just kind of go down this list one by just kind of go down this list one by just kind of go down this list one by one. The first symptom might be it does one. The first symptom might be it does one. The first symptom might be it does the wrong steps or in the wrong order. the wrong steps or in the wrong order. the wrong steps or in the wrong order. Well, you would just tell it to edit the Well, you would just tell it to edit the Well, you would just tell it to edit the skill.md instructions. You could get skill.md instructions. You could get skill.md instructions. You could get missing tone, style, or context. In that missing tone, style, or context. In that missing tone, style, or context. In that case, you're going to add reference case, you're going to add reference case, you're going to add reference files. And of course, those have to be files. And of course, those have to be files. And of course, those have to be pointed to correctly in the skill.md. pointed to correctly in the skill.md. pointed to correctly in the skill.md. You could get the same mistake happening You could get the same mistake happening You could get the same mistake happening over and over, then you're going to add over and over, then you're going to add over and over, then you're going to add a rule. If it struggles with a tool or a rule. If it struggles with a tool or a rule. If it struggles with a tool or an MCP or it keeps searching for the an MCP or it keeps searching for the an MCP or it keeps searching for the same things, then create some sort of same things, then create some sort of same things, then create some sort of reference dock for it. If it works good, reference dock for it. If it works good, reference dock for it. If it works good, but it could get better, then that just but it could get better, then that just but it could get better, then that just means you have to brute force it. you means you have to brute force it. you means you have to brute force it. you have to just run it over and over and have to just run it over and over and have to just run it over and over and over and keep nitpicking at what it does over and keep nitpicking at what it does over and keep nitpicking at what it does wrong or maybe not wrong but what it wrong or maybe not wrong but what it wrong or maybe not wrong but what it could improve on. If the skill isn't could improve on. If the skill isn't could improve on. If the skill isn't triggering, then check the YAML and make triggering, then check the YAML and make triggering, then check the YAML and make sure it is specific enough. If the skill sure it is specific enough. If the skill sure it is specific enough. If the skill triggers too often, then maybe try triggers too often, then maybe try triggers too often, then maybe try disabling model invocation and that is disabling model invocation and that is disabling model invocation and that is something that you can see in the claw something that you can see in the claw something that you can see in the claw docs, which basically gives you control docs, which basically gives you control docs, which basically gives you control over if the skill can only be invoked by over if the skill can only be invoked by over if the skill can only be invoked by natural language or only be invoked by natural language or only be invoked by natural language or only be invoked by the slash command directly or both. So, the slash command directly or both. So, the slash command directly or both. So, like I said, if you want to look at some like I said, if you want to look at some like I said, if you want to look at some more advanced stuff, then definitely more advanced stuff, then definitely more advanced stuff, then definitely head over here to the actual doc. But at head over here to the actual doc. But at head over here to the actual doc. But at this point, we've covered almost this point, we've covered almost this point, we've covered almost everything about these skills. One thing everything about these skills. One thing everything about these skills. One thing that I would call your attention to is that I would call your attention to is that I would call your attention to is the actual front matter reference the actual front matter reference the actual front matter reference because we saw the name and the because we saw the name and the because we saw the name and the description which is what's required description which is what's required description which is what's required every time. But there's lots of other every time. But there's lots of other every time. But there's lots of other things that you can add in there. Here things that you can add in there. Here things that you can add in there. Here is the disable model invocation like we is the disable model invocation like we is the disable model invocation like we just saw. But you can also give it just saw. But you can also give it just saw. But you can also give it allowed tools. You can also give it an allowed tools. You can also give it an allowed tools. You can also give it an argument hint. You can give it a argument hint. You can give it a argument hint. You can give it a specific model to use. You can give it specific model to use. You can give it specific model to use. You can give it specific context. You can give it hooks. specific context. You can give it hooks. specific context. You can give it hooks. You can give it a specific agent. And so You can give it a specific agent. And so You can give it a specific agent. And so all of this lets you get really really all of this lets you get really really all of this lets you get really really granular on the exact skill and how you granular on the exact skill and how you granular on the exact skill and how you want it to be used. But don't get want it to be used. But don't get want it to be used. But don't get overwhelmed. You really only get to that overwhelmed. You really only get to that overwhelmed. You really only get to that point once you've ran the skill a ton of point once you've ran the skill a ton of point once you've ran the skill a ton of times. Now, another thing that I need to times. Now, another thing that I need to times. Now, another thing that I need to hit on real quick is where do skills hit on real quick is where do skills hit on real quick is where do skills actually live because what we've seen so actually live because what we've seen so actually live because what we've seen so far is just building them right in far is just building them right in far is just building them right in ourcloud/skills folder. But when you're ourcloud/skills folder. But when you're ourcloud/skills folder. But when you're doing this, they only exist in that doing this, they only exist in that doing this, they only exist in that specific project. So whether that's my specific project. So whether that's my specific project. So whether that's my her two or my, you know, the one we just her two or my, you know, the one we just her two or my, you know, the one we just spun up, if I went to a different spun up, if I went to a different spun up, if I went to a different folder, that skill would no longer be folder, that skill would no longer be folder, that skill would no longer be able to be accessed by our cloud code. able to be accessed by our cloud code. able to be accessed by our cloud code. But you can also create skills that are But you can also create skills that are But you can also create skills that are actually global. And you do that by actually global. And you do that by actually global. And you do that by doing that in a different directory in doing that in a different directory in doing that in a different directory in your kind of overall home directory. And your kind of overall home directory. And your kind of overall home directory. And that's basically indicated by the little that's basically indicated by the little that's basically indicated by the little tilda right here. And so that means tilda right here. And so that means tilda right here. And so that means every project you use in cloud code, no every project you use in cloud code, no every project you use in cloud code, no matter where you are, that skill would matter where you are, that skill would matter where you are, that skill would exist. So for example, I have a exist. So for example, I have a exist. So for example, I have a front-end design skill that is installed front-end design skill that is installed front-end design skill that is installed globally. So that whenever I'm anywhere, globally. So that whenever I'm anywhere, globally. So that whenever I'm anywhere, if I need to do front-end design, it if I need to do front-end design, it if I need to do front-end design, it just is able to use it. And just in case just is able to use it. And just in case just is able to use it. And just in case you want to look at it in a different you want to look at it in a different you want to look at it in a different way, right now what we're doing is we way, right now what we're doing is we way, right now what we're doing is we have our projects, right? So, herk 2 and have our projects, right? So, herk 2 and have our projects, right? So, herk 2 and then we have doclaude and then within then we have doclaude and then within then we have doclaude and then within dotcloud we have skills and then your dotcloud we have skills and then your dotcloud we have skills and then your skill and then your MD your references skill and then your MD your references skill and then your MD your references whatever and then maybe another skill. whatever and then maybe another skill. whatever and then maybe another skill. But if it was global you might not But if it was global you might not But if it was global you might not actually see it in your project. It actually see it in your project. It actually see it in your project. It would just be within your overall home would just be within your overall home would just be within your overall home directory. So the reason why you might directory. So the reason why you might directory. So the reason why you might want to do this is if there's something want to do this is if there's something want to do this is if there's something very specific about you, your business, very specific about you, your business, very specific about you, your business, your workflows that you want applied to your workflows that you want applied to your workflows that you want applied to every single project no matter what. every single project no matter what. every single project no matter what. Maybe your company context, your company Maybe your company context, your company Maybe your company context, your company projects, your tone of voice, whatever, projects, your tone of voice, whatever, projects, your tone of voice, whatever, then you can install that globally then you can install that globally then you can install that globally instead. If you guys love nerding out instead. If you guys love nerding out instead. If you guys love nerding out about this kind of stuff, then about this kind of stuff, then about this kind of stuff, then definitely check out my paid community. definitely check out my paid community. definitely check out my paid community. The link for that is also down in the The link for that is also down in the The link for that is also down in the description. We've got a great description. We've got a great description. We've got a great community, over 3,000 members in here community, over 3,000 members in here community, over 3,000 members in here who are building with AI every day and who are building with AI every day and who are building with AI every day and building businesses with AI. So, I'd building businesses with AI. So, I'd building businesses with AI. So, I'd love to see you guys in this community. Cloud skills just got 10 times easier to Cloud skills just got 10 times easier to Cloud skills just got 10 times easier to build and stronger to use. So, in build and stronger to use. So, in build and stronger to use. So, in today's video, I'm going to explain today's video, I'm going to explain today's video, I'm going to explain exactly why that is, and then I'm going exactly why that is, and then I'm going exactly why that is, and then I'm going to live build a completely new skill to live build a completely new skill to live build a completely new skill right here in front of you guys. So, right here in front of you guys. So, right here in front of you guys. So, real quick, what is a skill? It's real quick, what is a skill? It's real quick, what is a skill? It's basically just a recipe. So that when basically just a recipe. So that when basically just a recipe. So that when you ask your agent to make you, for you ask your agent to make you, for you ask your agent to make you, for example, a LinkedIn post, it will read example, a LinkedIn post, it will read example, a LinkedIn post, it will read the recipe and it will get it right the recipe and it will get it right the recipe and it will get it right every single time. And when I say every single time. And when I say every single time. And when I say recipes, I literally just mean text. recipes, I literally just mean text. recipes, I literally just mean text. It's just text instructions. It's like a It's just text instructions. It's like a It's just text instructions. It's like a prompt. So if I go to customize and I go prompt. So if I go to customize and I go prompt. So if I go to customize and I go to skills and I click on, let's say, for to skills and I click on, let's say, for to skills and I click on, let's say, for example, the internal comm skill, this example, the internal comm skill, this example, the internal comm skill, this says a set of resources to help me write says a set of resources to help me write says a set of resources to help me write all kinds of internal communication all kinds of internal communication all kinds of internal communication using the format that my company likes using the format that my company likes using the format that my company likes to use. And you can see this is the to use. And you can see this is the to use. And you can see this is the skill itself. It is literally just text skill itself. It is literally just text skill itself. It is literally just text that you could read, that an intern that you could read, that an intern that you could read, that an intern could read, anybody could read and could read, anybody could read and could read, anybody could read and understand what's going on in the skill. understand what's going on in the skill. understand what's going on in the skill. And if you're using them in cloud code, And if you're using them in cloud code, And if you're using them in cloud code, you can see I've got a ton of skills you can see I've got a ton of skills you can see I've got a ton of skills here. So, for example, let's look at my here. So, for example, let's look at my here. So, for example, let's look at my um idea mining skill. This is the um idea mining skill. This is the um idea mining skill. This is the markdown file that explains to the agent markdown file that explains to the agent markdown file that explains to the agent what this skill actually does. And once what this skill actually does. And once what this skill actually does. And once again, it's all just text. So, what did again, it's all just text. So, what did again, it's all just text. So, what did Enthropic actually do that made all Enthropic actually do that made all Enthropic actually do that made all these skills better? they updated their these skills better? they updated their these skills better? they updated their skill creator skill which is literally a skill creator skill which is literally a skill creator skill which is literally a skill that teaches Claude how to build, skill that teaches Claude how to build, skill that teaches Claude how to build, test, measure, refine, just make all the test, measure, refine, just make all the test, measure, refine, just make all the skills better and better and better. So, skills better and better and better. So, skills better and better and better. So, let's actually cover why that matters let's actually cover why that matters let's actually cover why that matters and what happened. So, the first thing I and what happened. So, the first thing I and what happened. So, the first thing I need you to understand is that there are need you to understand is that there are need you to understand is that there are two different types of skills. We have a two different types of skills. We have a two different types of skills. We have a capability uplift skill, which basically capability uplift skill, which basically capability uplift skill, which basically is a prompt. So, it teaches Claude how is a prompt. So, it teaches Claude how is a prompt. So, it teaches Claude how to do something better. for example, to do something better. for example, to do something better. for example, design websites with the front-end design websites with the front-end design websites with the front-end design skill or create documents or run design skill or create documents or run design skill or create documents or run Excel formulas. Things that maybe the Excel formulas. Things that maybe the Excel formulas. Things that maybe the default model by itself doesn't know default model by itself doesn't know default model by itself doesn't know super well, but with a prompt, it does a super well, but with a prompt, it does a super well, but with a prompt, it does a much better job. And then we also have much better job. And then we also have much better job. And then we also have encoded preference skills, which means encoded preference skills, which means encoded preference skills, which means that Claude already understands each of that Claude already understands each of that Claude already understands each of these pieces, but it needs to follow these pieces, but it needs to follow these pieces, but it needs to follow them in a specific order. So these are them in a specific order. So these are them in a specific order. So these are way more like actual workflows, like way more like actual workflows, like way more like actual workflows, like actual kind of like step-by-step actual kind of like step-by-step actual kind of like step-by-step automations. So, quick example. If you automations. So, quick example. If you automations. So, quick example. If you ask Claude without a front-end design ask Claude without a front-end design ask Claude without a front-end design skill to build you a website, it could skill to build you a website, it could skill to build you a website, it could do it, but it might just look very do it, but it might just look very do it, but it might just look very generic. It might look AI slop as they generic. It might look AI slop as they generic. It might look AI slop as they call it. But if you give it the exact call it. But if you give it the exact call it. But if you give it the exact same prompt, but this time you also let same prompt, but this time you also let same prompt, but this time you also let it use the front-end design skill, it's it use the front-end design skill, it's it use the front-end design skill, it's going to look much better because that going to look much better because that going to look much better because that skill tells it stuff like good fonts, skill tells it stuff like good fonts, skill tells it stuff like good fonts, good color schemes, you know, good good color schemes, you know, good good color schemes, you know, good background elements, good layouts. And background elements, good layouts. And background elements, good layouts. And that is a classic capability uplift that is a classic capability uplift that is a classic capability uplift skill. Now, here's an example of an skill. Now, here's an example of an skill. Now, here's an example of an encoded preference skill, which is the encoded preference skill, which is the encoded preference skill, which is the one we just saw in My Cloud Code, which one we just saw in My Cloud Code, which one we just saw in My Cloud Code, which I call idea mining. And this skill is a I call idea mining. And this skill is a I call idea mining. And this skill is a little bit more sequential and there's little bit more sequential and there's little bit more sequential and there's different steps involved. So, first it different steps involved. So, first it different steps involved. So, first it will look at my YouTube comments. It will look at my YouTube comments. It will look at my YouTube comments. It will look at, you know, some videos in will look at, you know, some videos in will look at, you know, some videos in my niche. It will also look at AI trends my niche. It will also look at AI trends my niche. It will also look at AI trends on X and the web. It will then spin up on X and the web. It will then spin up on X and the web. It will then spin up two different agents. So, a YouTube two different agents. So, a YouTube two different agents. So, a YouTube agent that analyzes this stuff and a agent that analyzes this stuff and a agent that analyzes this stuff and a research agent that analyzes this stuff. research agent that analyzes this stuff. research agent that analyzes this stuff. And these run in parallel. And then they And these run in parallel. And then they And these run in parallel. And then they both send their output back to the main both send their output back to the main both send their output back to the main agent, which will score and cross agent, which will score and cross agent, which will score and cross reference. And then the main agent turns reference. And then the main agent turns reference. And then the main agent turns all that information into some video all that information into some video all that information into some video ideas for me, which is why I call it ideas for me, which is why I call it ideas for me, which is why I call it idea mining. So, what I could do is I idea mining. So, what I could do is I idea mining. So, what I could do is I could say, "Hey, Mr. AI agent, go look could say, "Hey, Mr. AI agent, go look could say, "Hey, Mr. AI agent, go look at my comments, go look at YouTube, go at my comments, go look at YouTube, go at my comments, go look at YouTube, go look at X, you know, analyze that and look at X, you know, analyze that and look at X, you know, analyze that and help me find some video ideas and every help me find some video ideas and every help me find some video ideas and every time it would give me different answers time it would give me different answers time it would give me different answers and every time it would sort of do it and every time it would sort of do it and every time it would sort of do it differently or I can just say, "Hey, do differently or I can just say, "Hey, do differently or I can just say, "Hey, do some idea mining." And it will just call some idea mining." And it will just call some idea mining." And it will just call the skill and every time I get an output the skill and every time I get an output the skill and every time I get an output that I like. And the reason why this is that I like. And the reason why this is that I like. And the reason why this is actually important to understand is actually important to understand is actually important to understand is because capability uplift skills might because capability uplift skills might because capability uplift skills might fade over time because for example with fade over time because for example with fade over time because for example with the front-end design skill, right now the front-end design skill, right now the front-end design skill, right now we're with Opus 4.6, right? What if Opus we're with Opus 4.6, right? What if Opus we're with Opus 4.6, right? What if Opus 5 drops and default Opus 5 is better at 5 drops and default Opus 5 is better at 5 drops and default Opus 5 is better at front-end design than Opus 5 with a front-end design than Opus 5 with a front-end design than Opus 5 with a front-end skill? So, at that point, you front-end skill? So, at that point, you front-end skill? So, at that point, you might just need to retire that skill might just need to retire that skill might just need to retire that skill completely. But with an encoded completely. But with an encoded completely. But with an encoded preference skill, these will probably preference skill, these will probably preference skill, these will probably stay pretty durable and accurate because stay pretty durable and accurate because stay pretty durable and accurate because the process is very specific usually to the process is very specific usually to the process is very specific usually to you, which Opus 5 won't be trained on you, which Opus 5 won't be trained on you, which Opus 5 won't be trained on most likely. Okay, so those are the two most likely. Okay, so those are the two most likely. Okay, so those are the two kind of different types of skills. Now, kind of different types of skills. Now, kind of different types of skills. Now, we can actually evaluate them. So, with we can actually evaluate them. So, with we can actually evaluate them. So, with this new skill creator skill, which is this new skill creator skill, which is this new skill creator skill, which is an official anthropic skill, this is the an official anthropic skill, this is the an official anthropic skill, this is the one we're talking about. It's in the one we're talking about. It's in the one we're talking about. It's in the repo right here. And if I open up the repo right here. And if I open up the repo right here. And if I open up the actual skill MD, you can see this is actual skill MD, you can see this is actual skill MD, you can see this is what it does. It creates new skills. It what it does. It creates new skills. It what it does. It creates new skills. It can modify and improve existing skills. can modify and improve existing skills. can modify and improve existing skills. It can measure skill performance. So use It can measure skill performance. So use It can measure skill performance. So use this when you want to create a skill this when you want to create a skill this when you want to create a skill from scratch, if you want to update or from scratch, if you want to update or from scratch, if you want to update or optimize one. If you want to run evals optimize one. If you want to run evals optimize one. If you want to run evals to test a skill, if you want to do to test a skill, if you want to do to test a skill, if you want to do benchmarks, or if you want to optimize a benchmarks, or if you want to optimize a benchmarks, or if you want to optimize a skills description for better trigger skills description for better trigger skills description for better trigger accuracy. So I'm going to talk about accuracy. So I'm going to talk about accuracy. So I'm going to talk about what each of these little elements mean, what each of these little elements mean, what each of these little elements mean, but I just wanted to show you that this but I just wanted to show you that this but I just wanted to show you that this is the actual skill creator skill. It's is the actual skill creator skill. It's is the actual skill creator skill. It's basically just all of Enthropic's best basically just all of Enthropic's best basically just all of Enthropic's best practices on how to build better skills. practices on how to build better skills. practices on how to build better skills. They've done things before like dropped They've done things before like dropped They've done things before like dropped a 33page PDF which walks you through a 33page PDF which walks you through a 33page PDF which walks you through fundamentals, planning and design, fundamentals, planning and design, fundamentals, planning and design, testing and iteration, distribution and testing and iteration, distribution and testing and iteration, distribution and sharing, all this kind of stuff, sharing, all this kind of stuff, sharing, all this kind of stuff, patterns and troubleshooting. This is patterns and troubleshooting. This is patterns and troubleshooting. This is pretty thorough. So you could either pretty thorough. So you could either pretty thorough. So you could either take time and learn this or you could take time and learn this or you could take time and learn this or you could just give your agent the skill creator just give your agent the skill creator just give your agent the skill creator skill and all that information is skill and all that information is skill and all that information is already in there. So what the eval do is already in there. So what the eval do is already in there. So what the eval do is it lets your agent actually evaluate the it lets your agent actually evaluate the it lets your agent actually evaluate the quality of your skill and then make quality of your skill and then make quality of your skill and then make improvements. So, let's say you have a improvements. So, let's say you have a improvements. So, let's say you have a skill for creating job descriptions. skill for creating job descriptions. skill for creating job descriptions. What you could do is give your agent What you could do is give your agent What you could do is give your agent tons of examples of really good job tons of examples of really good job tons of examples of really good job descriptions that you want. And then it descriptions that you want. And then it descriptions that you want. And then it will look at your skill. It will test will look at your skill. It will test will look at your skill. It will test out some prompts and it will compare it out some prompts and it will compare it out some prompts and it will compare it to the outputs and it will be able to to the outputs and it will be able to to the outputs and it will be able to optimize your skill for you. As we've optimize your skill for you. As we've optimize your skill for you. As we've talked about in the past, the more you talked about in the past, the more you talked about in the past, the more you use a skill, the better and better use a skill, the better and better use a skill, the better and better because you're able to give feedback on because you're able to give feedback on because you're able to give feedback on what you like and what you don't. So, what you like and what you don't. So, what you like and what you don't. So, this basically shortcuts that process. this basically shortcuts that process. this basically shortcuts that process. Here's a quick example that Enthropic Here's a quick example that Enthropic Here's a quick example that Enthropic actually ran with this eval. The skill actually ran with this eval. The skill actually ran with this eval. The skill for filling out some PDF stuff was for filling out some PDF stuff was for filling out some PDF stuff was having trouble finding the right spot to having trouble finding the right spot to having trouble finding the right spot to put the text. But then after they ran put the text. But then after they ran put the text. But then after they ran the evaluation on the skill and it was the evaluation on the skill and it was the evaluation on the skill and it was able to improve, now you can see all the able to improve, now you can see all the able to improve, now you can see all the text is accurately being placed whether text is accurately being placed whether text is accurately being placed whether that is a checkbox or just a fill in that is a checkbox or just a fill in that is a checkbox or just a fill in some sort of field. So there's two some sort of field. So there's two some sort of field. So there's two reasons that we need to use evals and reasons that we need to use evals and reasons that we need to use evals and they sound kind of similar but they're they sound kind of similar but they're they sound kind of similar but they're basically the opposite. So the first one basically the opposite. So the first one basically the opposite. So the first one is to catch regressions. So this means is to catch regressions. So this means is to catch regressions. So this means let's say we have a job description let's say we have a job description let's say we have a job description skill. As a model evolves it might skill. As a model evolves it might skill. As a model evolves it might actually use the skill worse because actually use the skill worse because actually use the skill worse because it's trained a little different and it it's trained a little different and it it's trained a little different and it you know thinks a little different. So you know thinks a little different. So you know thinks a little different. So this would basically be an early signal this would basically be an early signal this would basically be an early signal that you need to evolve your skill. And that you need to evolve your skill. And that you need to evolve your skill. And then the second one is to spot out then the second one is to spot out then the second one is to spot out growth. So once again, as models improve growth. So once again, as models improve growth. So once again, as models improve or evolve, it might be able to just do a or evolve, it might be able to just do a or evolve, it might be able to just do a better job without a skill at all. And better job without a skill at all. And better job without a skill at all. And that's when you would be able to run the that's when you would be able to run the that's when you would be able to run the evaluation, say, okay, wow, without a evaluation, say, okay, wow, without a evaluation, say, okay, wow, without a skill, it's actually better. And I'm skill, it's actually better. And I'm skill, it's actually better. And I'm just going to go ahead and delete this just going to go ahead and delete this just going to go ahead and delete this or maybe just archive it. And then we or maybe just archive it. And then we or maybe just archive it. And then we can also run benchmarks. So when a model can also run benchmarks. So when a model can also run benchmarks. So when a model updates or when you make an iteration updates or when you make an iteration updates or when you make an iteration and you change your skill, just run all and you change your skill, just run all and you change your skill, just run all the evals and run a benchmark which will the evals and run a benchmark which will the evals and run a benchmark which will give you stuff like a pass rate, a time give you stuff like a pass rate, a time give you stuff like a pass rate, a time and also how many tokens are being used. and also how many tokens are being used. and also how many tokens are being used. So here's an example where they said So here's an example where they said So here's an example where they said benchmark the PDF skill with and without benchmark the PDF skill with and without benchmark the PDF skill with and without the skill loaded and show me sideby-side the skill loaded and show me sideby-side the skill loaded and show me sideby-side results so I can see the uplift. And we results so I can see the uplift. And we results so I can see the uplift. And we get all this information about these get all this information about these get all this information about these different evaluation metrics. We get the different evaluation metrics. We get the different evaluation metrics. We get the pass rate, we get the total time and the pass rate, we get the total time and the pass rate, we get the total time and the total tokens. So here you can clearly total tokens. So here you can clearly total tokens. So here you can clearly see that with the skill you're getting see that with the skill you're getting see that with the skill you're getting much better results. And then the final much better results. And then the final much better results. And then the final piece is skill trigger tuning. So once piece is skill trigger tuning. So once piece is skill trigger tuning. So once you've got a project filled up with, you've got a project filled up with, you've got a project filled up with, let's just say 10 or more skills, you let's just say 10 or more skills, you let's just say 10 or more skills, you might notice sometimes that you get might notice sometimes that you get might notice sometimes that you get false triggers or you get misfires, false triggers or you get misfires, false triggers or you get misfires, meaning you wanted it to use a skill and meaning you wanted it to use a skill and meaning you wanted it to use a skill and it used the wrong one or you wanted it it used the wrong one or you wanted it it used the wrong one or you wanted it to use a skill and it just didn't use to use a skill and it just didn't use to use a skill and it just didn't use any at all. Luckily, you could also use any at all. Luckily, you could also use any at all. Luckily, you could also use them with slash commands, but it's so them with slash commands, but it's so them with slash commands, but it's so much more convenient to just be able to much more convenient to just be able to much more convenient to just be able to speak a natural language and make sure speak a natural language and make sure speak a natural language and make sure that your agent understands you. So that your agent understands you. So that your agent understands you. So using the trigger tuning, the skill using the trigger tuning, the skill using the trigger tuning, the skill creator will basically analyze your creator will basically analyze your creator will basically analyze your skill. It will test out different skill. It will test out different skill. It will test out different prompts that you might use to trigger prompts that you might use to trigger prompts that you might use to trigger that skill and then it will edit the that skill and then it will edit the that skill and then it will edit the description so that that skill gets description so that that skill gets description so that that skill gets called more accurately. And this is an called more accurately. And this is an called more accurately. And this is an actual evaluation that they ran. You can actual evaluation that they ran. You can actual evaluation that they ran. You can see on the lefth hand side and on the see on the lefth hand side and on the see on the lefth hand side and on the right hand side we have the test score right hand side we have the test score right hand side we have the test score and the train score. And the green and and the train score. And the green and and the train score. And the green and blue are basically the results after it blue are basically the results after it blue are basically the results after it has been analyzed and fixed with the has been analyzed and fixed with the has been analyzed and fixed with the trigger tuning. So you can see it's trigger tuning. So you can see it's trigger tuning. So you can see it's still not perfect, but it's so much still not perfect, but it's so much still not perfect, but it's so much better than where we were without this better than where we were without this better than where we were without this new skill. And what I think is really new skill. And what I think is really new skill. And what I think is really cool and how I want to end off this cool and how I want to end off this cool and how I want to end off this section before we get into a live demo section before we get into a live demo section before we get into a live demo is where this is going. And at the is where this is going. And at the is where this is going. And at the bottom, we have a quote from Enthropic bottom, we have a quote from Enthropic bottom, we have a quote from Enthropic themselves that say, "Over time, a themselves that say, "Over time, a themselves that say, "Over time, a natural language description of what the natural language description of what the natural language description of what the skill should do may be enough with the skill should do may be enough with the skill should do may be enough with the model figuring out the rest." And I model figuring out the rest." And I model figuring out the rest." And I really think that this word may should really think that this word may should really think that this word may should actually have been will. And basically actually have been will. And basically actually have been will. And basically what this means is that today when we're what this means is that today when we're what this means is that today when we're telling our agent to build skills for us telling our agent to build skills for us telling our agent to build skills for us or maybe just giving it an SOP, we're or maybe just giving it an SOP, we're or maybe just giving it an SOP, we're giving it steps, rules, and format. But giving it steps, rules, and format. But giving it steps, rules, and format. But what's going to happen in the future is what's going to happen in the future is what's going to happen in the future is we're going to be able to just tell it we're going to be able to just tell it we're going to be able to just tell it in way more highle natural language what in way more highle natural language what in way more highle natural language what we want and it's going to be able to we want and it's going to be able to we want and it's going to be able to figure out all of that and get there figure out all of that and get there figure out all of that and get there with a spec and basically just cut down with a spec and basically just cut down with a spec and basically just cut down the time that it takes for us to get a the time that it takes for us to get a the time that it takes for us to get a really good skill or you know a really really good skill or you know a really really good skill or you know a really good automation. All right, so I am in good automation. All right, so I am in good automation. All right, so I am in my Herk 2 project which is kind of just my Herk 2 project which is kind of just my Herk 2 project which is kind of just like my personal assistant in cloud code like my personal assistant in cloud code like my personal assistant in cloud code and I'm going to show you guys how we and I'm going to show you guys how we and I'm going to show you guys how we can actually get the skill installed. So can actually get the skill installed. So can actually get the skill installed. So whether you're in VS Code, which is whether you're in VS Code, which is whether you're in VS Code, which is where I am, or in the terminal or where I am, or in the terminal or where I am, or in the terminal or desktop app, whatever, you just need to desktop app, whatever, you just need to desktop app, whatever, you just need to do /plugins, you can click on manage do /plugins, you can click on manage do /plugins, you can click on manage plugins, and then if you just go in here plugins, and then if you just go in here plugins, and then if you just go in here and you can see like all of the kind of and you can see like all of the kind of and you can see like all of the kind of anthropic official ones, you can just go anthropic official ones, you can just go anthropic official ones, you can just go ahead and search for skill-creator. ahead and search for skill-creator. ahead and search for skill-creator. And right here, you can see the official And right here, you can see the official And right here, you can see the official one. Here's the GitHub. And all you have one. Here's the GitHub. And all you have one. Here's the GitHub. And all you have to do is go ahead and click install. You to do is go ahead and click install. You to do is go ahead and click install. You can install this for just you, you can can install this for just you, you can can install this for just you, you can install it for your project, or you can install it for your project, or you can install it for your project, or you can install it locally. And I'm just going install it locally. And I'm just going install it locally. And I'm just going to install it for the whole project. So now you can see that's installed and So now you can see that's installed and So now you can see that's installed and I'm just going to go ahead and restart I'm just going to go ahead and restart I'm just going to go ahead and restart Claude Code so that that actually Claude Code so that that actually Claude Code so that that actually happens. And so just keep in mind if happens. And so just keep in mind if happens. And so just keep in mind if you're in Cloud Code, it may not show up you're in Cloud Code, it may not show up you're in Cloud Code, it may not show up right here in your actualcloud skills if right here in your actualcloud skills if right here in your actualcloud skills if you did it, you know, in your project. you did it, you know, in your project. you did it, you know, in your project. So you can just verify it and say, do So you can just verify it and say, do So you can just verify it and say, do you have the skill creator skill? What you have the skill creator skill? What you have the skill creator skill? What does it do? And you can see right here does it do? And you can see right here does it do? And you can see right here that we do in fact have that. So I'm that we do in fact have that. So I'm that we do in fact have that. So I'm going to go ahead and switch on to plan going to go ahead and switch on to plan going to go ahead and switch on to plan mode and I'm going to see if it can mode and I'm going to see if it can mode and I'm going to see if it can build us a new skill. I need you to build us a new skill. I need you to build us a new skill. I need you to create a skill called YouTube weekly create a skill called YouTube weekly create a skill called YouTube weekly roundup where at the end of every week, roundup where at the end of every week, roundup where at the end of every week, you will look at the videos that I made you will look at the videos that I made you will look at the videos that I made that week. You'll analyze the comments, that week. You'll analyze the comments, that week. You'll analyze the comments, you'll analyze the views, engagement, you'll analyze the views, engagement, you'll analyze the views, engagement, things like that. And you'll give me a things like that. And you'll give me a things like that. And you'll give me a PDF report on all of the insights, PDF report on all of the insights, PDF report on all of the insights, strengths, weaknesses, threats, strengths, weaknesses, threats, strengths, weaknesses, threats, opportunities. So, that's all I'm going opportunities. So, that's all I'm going opportunities. So, that's all I'm going to send off. And I kept this pretty to send off. And I kept this pretty to send off. And I kept this pretty vague intentionally to see what it's vague intentionally to see what it's vague intentionally to see what it's going to come back with and how it's going to come back with and how it's going to come back with and how it's going to be able to plan this out for going to be able to plan this out for going to be able to plan this out for us. And this is where the future's us. And this is where the future's us. And this is where the future's going. And this is what Enthropic is going. And this is what Enthropic is going. And this is what Enthropic is talking about because most people that talking about because most people that talking about because most people that are using skills right now are actual are using skills right now are actual are using skills right now are actual just like executives and managers and just like executives and managers and just like executives and managers and operators. They're not engineers, which operators. They're not engineers, which operators. They're not engineers, which means we're really good at being able to means we're really good at being able to means we're really good at being able to explain what we want, the metrics we explain what we want, the metrics we explain what we want, the metrics we need to hit, and why we need that, but need to hit, and why we need that, but need to hit, and why we need that, but maybe not all of those technical maybe not all of those technical maybe not all of those technical nitty-gritty details. All right, so it nitty-gritty details. All right, so it nitty-gritty details. All right, so it came back and asked me some questions. came back and asked me some questions. came back and asked me some questions. The first thing I said is I want it to The first thing I said is I want it to The first thing I said is I want it to just be the last 7 days. So, it's a just be the last 7 days. So, it's a just be the last 7 days. So, it's a rolling 7-day window. It asked about the rolling 7-day window. It asked about the rolling 7-day window. It asked about the report sections that it came up with, report sections that it came up with, report sections that it came up with, and I said those look good. And for the and I said those look good. And for the and I said those look good. And for the PDF style, I told it to use the brand PDF style, I told it to use the brand PDF style, I told it to use the brand assets in my folder. So right over here assets in my folder. So right over here assets in my folder. So right over here I've got my brand guidelines and then I've got my brand guidelines and then I've got my brand guidelines and then this one is the actual logo for AIS. So this one is the actual logo for AIS. So this one is the actual logo for AIS. So I'm telling it to use those and I'm telling it to use those and I'm telling it to use those and hopefully it can throw all that on there hopefully it can throw all that on there hopefully it can throw all that on there and make it feel really branded. So it's and make it feel really branded. So it's and make it feel really branded. So it's going to keep going now with this plan. going to keep going now with this plan. going to keep going now with this plan. All right. So at this point it came back All right. So at this point it came back All right. So at this point it came back with a plan. And keep in mind I still with a plan. And keep in mind I still with a plan. And keep in mind I still haven't told it anything about text haven't told it anything about text haven't told it anything about text stack or anything else. It's writing out stack or anything else. It's writing out stack or anything else. It's writing out everything that it's going to do. And everything that it's going to do. And everything that it's going to do. And normally I would read through this and normally I would read through this and normally I would read through this and give it some tweaks potentially but I give it some tweaks potentially but I give it some tweaks potentially but I just want to see what this skill creator just want to see what this skill creator just want to see what this skill creator is able to do with a oneshot prompt. And is able to do with a oneshot prompt. And is able to do with a oneshot prompt. And I'm just going to go ahead and accept. I'm just going to go ahead and accept. I'm just going to go ahead and accept. And look at this. In its to-do list we And look at this. In its to-do list we And look at this. In its to-do list we can see that it creates all these can see that it creates all these can see that it creates all these things. But then the last step is to run things. But then the last step is to run things. But then the last step is to run the test and iterate with the skill the test and iterate with the skill the test and iterate with the skill creator eval process. So I'm excited to creator eval process. So I'm excited to creator eval process. So I'm excited to see what it does there. So you can see see what it does there. So you can see see what it does there. So you can see that it created everything and then what that it created everything and then what that it created everything and then what it did is it decided to test it to do a it did is it decided to test it to do a it did is it decided to test it to do a final iteration. Okay. So I was a little final iteration. Okay. So I was a little final iteration. Okay. So I was a little confused. I said, "Do you have an actual confused. I said, "Do you have an actual confused. I said, "Do you have an actual PDF file for me?" And it said, "Yes, it PDF file for me?" And it said, "Yes, it PDF file for me?" And it said, "Yes, it is in your projects folder." I was is in your projects folder." I was is in your projects folder." I was looking in the templates where it looking in the templates where it looking in the templates where it created an HTML template, but apparently created an HTML template, but apparently created an HTML template, but apparently it actually rendered that as a PDF. So it actually rendered that as a PDF. So it actually rendered that as a PDF. So let me go to projects. We'll go to let me go to projects. We'll go to let me go to projects. We'll go to YouTube weekly roundup. And right here YouTube weekly roundup. And right here YouTube weekly roundup. And right here we have an actual PDF, which this we have an actual PDF, which this we have an actual PDF, which this doesn't look great. Obviously, this is doesn't look great. Obviously, this is doesn't look great. Obviously, this is not a PDF, but if I actually open it up not a PDF, but if I actually open it up not a PDF, but if I actually open it up from my files, it is a PDF. So, here we from my files, it is a PDF. So, here we from my files, it is a PDF. So, here we have the logo, we have weekly roundup, have the logo, we have weekly roundup, have the logo, we have weekly roundup, we have three videos published, and then we have three videos published, and then we have three videos published, and then we got some stats on views, likes, and we got some stats on views, likes, and we got some stats on views, likes, and comments. I'm going to keep going down. comments. I'm going to keep going down. comments. I'm going to keep going down. We have our executive summary. So, this We have our executive summary. So, this We have our executive summary. So, this is for it actually ran I think two weeks is for it actually ran I think two weeks is for it actually ran I think two weeks worth of data just to test this out. And worth of data just to test this out. And worth of data just to test this out. And I will say just by glancing at this, I I will say just by glancing at this, I I will say just by glancing at this, I don't think that this data is correct. don't think that this data is correct. don't think that this data is correct. So, keep that in mind. Here we can see So, keep that in mind. Here we can see So, keep that in mind. Here we can see the per video breakdown. Right now, we the per video breakdown. Right now, we the per video breakdown. Right now, we have nothing available in our SWAT have nothing available in our SWAT have nothing available in our SWAT analysis. And then we have competitor analysis. And then we have competitor analysis. And then we have competitor context and there's nothing available context and there's nothing available context and there's nothing available here. So now it's time to give it some here. So now it's time to give it some here. So now it's time to give it some feedback and see what it can do. I'm feedback and see what it can do. I'm feedback and see what it can do. I'm first of all going to clear out this first of all going to clear out this first of all going to clear out this context because it used up 62%. I'm context because it used up 62%. I'm context because it used up 62%. I'm going to go back into plan mode and just going to go back into plan mode and just going to go back into plan mode and just give it some honest feedback. All right, give it some honest feedback. All right, give it some honest feedback. All right, so the report looks great. Like so the report looks great. Like so the report looks great. Like aesthetically, you did a good job on the aesthetically, you did a good job on the aesthetically, you did a good job on the design. However, the data is all wrong. design. However, the data is all wrong. design. However, the data is all wrong. There was a lot of missing elements. I There was a lot of missing elements. I There was a lot of missing elements. I need you to really look at how you're need you to really look at how you're need you to really look at how you're actually scraping this data from my actually scraping this data from my actually scraping this data from my YouTube channel, how you're actually YouTube channel, how you're actually YouTube channel, how you're actually searching through the comments and searching through the comments and searching through the comments and competitor videos and make sure that competitor videos and make sure that competitor videos and make sure that there's actually data going into this there's actually data going into this there's actually data going into this report. And before I send this off, it's report. And before I send this off, it's report. And before I send this off, it's interesting because you can see here it interesting because you can see here it interesting because you can see here it sent us some JSON data, which is sent us some JSON data, which is sent us some JSON data, which is actually the raw information that it was actually the raw information that it was actually the raw information that it was able to find from my YouTube channel. able to find from my YouTube channel. able to find from my YouTube channel. And the thing is, this isn't super And the thing is, this isn't super And the thing is, this isn't super in-depth. So, I just don't think that it in-depth. So, I just don't think that it in-depth. So, I just don't think that it did a good enough job on the research did a good enough job on the research did a good enough job on the research element. And maybe this is exactly what element. And maybe this is exactly what element. And maybe this is exactly what we were talking about earlier over here we were talking about earlier over here we were talking about earlier over here where at some point the AI is going to where at some point the AI is going to where at some point the AI is going to be able to understand that we want all be able to understand that we want all be able to understand that we want all of this granular data, but maybe right of this granular data, but maybe right of this granular data, but maybe right now it's our job to just explain that now it's our job to just explain that now it's our job to just explain that really clearly. I want to see comments really clearly. I want to see comments really clearly. I want to see comments analysis. I want to see what's working analysis. I want to see what's working analysis. I want to see what's working for other people in the space. I want to for other people in the space. I want to for other people in the space. I want to see, you know, other trending videos in see, you know, other trending videos in see, you know, other trending videos in AI. And I want you to use all of that AI. And I want you to use all of that AI. And I want you to use all of that and use your brain to figure out what and use your brain to figure out what and use your brain to figure out what are the strengths my channel has, the are the strengths my channel has, the are the strengths my channel has, the weaknesses, and the opportunities and weaknesses, and the opportunities and weaknesses, and the opportunities and the threats. And then all of this the threats. And then all of this the threats. And then all of this information should be a pretty in-depth information should be a pretty in-depth information should be a pretty in-depth research report for me on, you know, my research report for me on, you know, my research report for me on, you know, my YouTube weekly roundup. So, while this YouTube weekly roundup. So, while this YouTube weekly roundup. So, while this is running, I thought that we should is running, I thought that we should is running, I thought that we should real quick look at what it actually did. real quick look at what it actually did. real quick look at what it actually did. So, in my claude, we've got my skills So, in my claude, we've got my skills So, in my claude, we've got my skills folder. If I go all the way down, we've folder. If I go all the way down, we've folder. If I go all the way down, we've got the YouTube weekly roundup. And this got the YouTube weekly roundup. And this got the YouTube weekly roundup. And this is the MD file. So, we've got the YAML is the MD file. So, we've got the YAML is the MD file. So, we've got the YAML up top with the name, description, up top with the name, description, up top with the name, description, disable, model invocation false, which disable, model invocation false, which disable, model invocation false, which just basically means that Cloud Code can just basically means that Cloud Code can just basically means that Cloud Code can call this based on a request. It doesn't call this based on a request. It doesn't call this based on a request. It doesn't have to be explicitly a slash command. have to be explicitly a slash command. have to be explicitly a slash command. And then an argument hint. So basically And then an argument hint. So basically And then an argument hint. So basically when cloud code decides to use this when cloud code decides to use this when cloud code decides to use this skill, it will send in maybe a hint so skill, it will send in maybe a hint so skill, it will send in maybe a hint so that the skill understands like what that the skill understands like what that the skill understands like what video we're looking at or you know the video we're looking at or you know the video we're looking at or you know the topic. It's giving some context. It's topic. It's giving some context. It's topic. It's giving some context. It's giving some channel benchmarks, some giving some channel benchmarks, some giving some channel benchmarks, some optional focus and then step-by-step optional focus and then step-by-step optional focus and then step-by-step instructions on what to actually do instructions on what to actually do instructions on what to actually do here. Now you can see what it's doing is here. Now you can see what it's doing is here. Now you can see what it's doing is it's calling on a script called fetch it's calling on a script called fetch it's calling on a script called fetch YouTube data, which if I was to look for YouTube data, which if I was to look for YouTube data, which if I was to look for that in here, I could probably go down that in here, I could probably go down that in here, I could probably go down to my scripts. I could see YouTube to my scripts. I could see YouTube to my scripts. I could see YouTube weekly roundup. And right here we've got weekly roundup. And right here we've got weekly roundup. And right here we've got some different things. We've got the some different things. We've got the some different things. We've got the prepare data. We've got the render prepare data. We've got the render prepare data. We've got the render report. And we also have a script that I report. And we also have a script that I report. And we also have a script that I already had in this project that it was already had in this project that it was already had in this project that it was able to find and use, so it didn't have able to find and use, so it didn't have able to find and use, so it didn't have to create a new one. And this one is to create a new one. And this one is to create a new one. And this one is called fetch YouTube data. So the called fetch YouTube data. So the called fetch YouTube data. So the skill.md file here basically points to skill.md file here basically points to skill.md file here basically points to everything that the agent needs in order everything that the agent needs in order everything that the agent needs in order to do this accurately. Okay, so it's to do this accurately. Okay, so it's to do this accurately. Okay, so it's come back with another detailed plan, come back with another detailed plan, come back with another detailed plan, and I'm going to go ahead and fire this and I'm going to go ahead and fire this and I'm going to go ahead and fire this off. And I love this. Once again, we've off. And I love this. Once again, we've off. And I love this. Once again, we've got all these to-dos, and then at the got all these to-dos, and then at the got all these to-dos, and then at the end, it says to audit with the skill end, it says to audit with the skill end, it says to audit with the skill creator. And this is such a good example creator. And this is such a good example creator. And this is such a good example of why using a project more and using a of why using a project more and using a of why using a project more and using a skill more makes it stronger because skill more makes it stronger because skill more makes it stronger because some of the pieces that I already had in some of the pieces that I already had in some of the pieces that I already had in this project, it's able to reuse like my this project, it's able to reuse like my this project, it's able to reuse like my YouTube analyzer agent, like my YouTube YouTube analyzer agent, like my YouTube YouTube analyzer agent, like my YouTube data script. And of course, it has all data script. And of course, it has all data script. And of course, it has all the context about my business and my the context about my business and my the context about my business and my YouTube channel in here already. So all YouTube channel in here already. So all YouTube channel in here already. So all of those changes have been made and now of those changes have been made and now of those changes have been made and now all that's left to do is actually run all that's left to do is actually run all that's left to do is actually run the skill. So I just called the skill. the skill. So I just called the skill. the skill. So I just called the skill. You can see that it's reading it right You can see that it's reading it right You can see that it's reading it right here. And now what [clears throat] it's here. And now what [clears throat] it's here. And now what [clears throat] it's doing is it's going to refresh channel doing is it's going to refresh channel doing is it's going to refresh channel data. It's going to use three agents in data. It's going to use three agents in data. It's going to use three agents in parallel, prepare the report, populate parallel, prepare the report, populate parallel, prepare the report, populate the data, and then render the PDF and the data, and then render the PDF and the data, and then render the PDF and show it to me. So, I'll check in with show it to me. So, I'll check in with show it to me. So, I'll check in with you guys when we get that output. All you guys when we get that output. All you guys when we get that output. All right, that finished up. We've got some right, that finished up. We've got some right, that finished up. We've got some quick hits. Top competitor move, biggest quick hits. Top competitor move, biggest quick hits. Top competitor move, biggest opportunity. Apparently, Jack Roberts is opportunity. Apparently, Jack Roberts is opportunity. Apparently, Jack Roberts is my biggest threat. If you see this, my biggest threat. If you see this, my biggest threat. If you see this, Jack, keep crushing it. Okay, so here is Jack, keep crushing it. Okay, so here is Jack, keep crushing it. Okay, so here is the report. These stats right off the the report. These stats right off the the report. These stats right off the jump look a little bit more accurate. I jump look a little bit more accurate. I jump look a little bit more accurate. I might want to tell it to make this logo might want to tell it to make this logo might want to tell it to make this logo a bit bigger, but it did what we asked. a bit bigger, but it did what we asked. a bit bigger, but it did what we asked. Seven videos published, and like I said, Seven videos published, and like I said, Seven videos published, and like I said, these stats look more accurate. We've these stats look more accurate. We've these stats look more accurate. We've got the executive summary here with some got the executive summary here with some got the executive summary here with some key takeaways of doubling down on dollar key takeaways of doubling down on dollar key takeaways of doubling down on dollar outcome titles, make a dedicated outcome titles, make a dedicated outcome titles, make a dedicated anti-gravity tutorial, fill the chat GBT anti-gravity tutorial, fill the chat GBT anti-gravity tutorial, fill the chat GBT to claude migration, watch Jack Roberts to claude migration, watch Jack Roberts to claude migration, watch Jack Roberts closely, and then address VS Code versus closely, and then address VS Code versus closely, and then address VS Code versus anti-gravity confusion. We've got the anti-gravity confusion. We've got the anti-gravity confusion. We've got the per video breakdown. So now you can see per video breakdown. So now you can see per video breakdown. So now you can see the actual metrics from all the videos, the actual metrics from all the videos, the actual metrics from all the videos, including the one that I literally just including the one that I literally just including the one that I literally just dropped like an hour ago. And so all of dropped like an hour ago. And so all of dropped like an hour ago. And so all of these look like they're doing okay. This these look like they're doing okay. This these look like they're doing okay. This one might not be doing the best, and one might not be doing the best, and one might not be doing the best, and similar with this one. But I really like similar with this one. But I really like similar with this one. But I really like the way that this actually looks. The the way that this actually looks. The the way that this actually looks. The layout's pretty good. It is very clean layout's pretty good. It is very clean layout's pretty good. It is very clean and professional. For the SWAT analysis, and professional. For the SWAT analysis, and professional. For the SWAT analysis, we actually have it on the second page. we actually have it on the second page. we actually have it on the second page. It still looks good. That's obviously It still looks good. That's obviously It still looks good. That's obviously just an easy spacing issue that we can just an easy spacing issue that we can just an easy spacing issue that we can fix. So, we have some strengths here. We fix. So, we have some strengths here. We fix. So, we have some strengths here. We have some weaknesses. We have threats. have some weaknesses. We have threats. have some weaknesses. We have threats. And we have our opportunities. Top And we have our opportunities. Top And we have our opportunities. Top comments and audience signals. Selling comments and audience signals. Selling comments and audience signals. Selling shovels in a gold rush, bro. Well shovels in a gold rush, bro. Well shovels in a gold rush, bro. Well played, man. 26 likes. Hi, Nate. 10 days played, man. 26 likes. Hi, Nate. 10 days played, man. 26 likes. Hi, Nate. 10 days into joining your plus community. I got into joining your plus community. I got into joining your plus community. I got my first potential client. It's all my first potential client. It's all my first potential client. It's all thanks to you and your community. thanks to you and your community. thanks to you and your community. Awesome. And you can see that we see Awesome. And you can see that we see Awesome. And you can see that we see other comments. We see what video they other comments. We see what video they other comments. We see what video they came from and how many likes. And we're came from and how many likes. And we're came from and how many likes. And we're also getting video requests, we're also getting video requests, we're also getting video requests, we're getting pain points. And so that really getting pain points. And so that really getting pain points. And so that really helps me stay in tune with what you guys helps me stay in tune with what you guys helps me stay in tune with what you guys are saying. Wow, it just keeps on going. are saying. Wow, it just keeps on going. are saying. Wow, it just keeps on going. We've got competitor context. So all of We've got competitor context. So all of We've got competitor context. So all of these channels, all of these videos, all these channels, all of these videos, all these channels, all of these videos, all of these stats, and that comes along of these stats, and that comes along of these stats, and that comes along with some notable gaps. And then with some notable gaps. And then with some notable gaps. And then finally, we get what's trending in AI finally, we get what's trending in AI finally, we get what's trending in AI this week. So what are skills, the most this week. So what are skills, the most this week. So what are skills, the most powerful AI agent I've ever used, all of powerful AI agent I've ever used, all of powerful AI agent I've ever used, all of this stuff with the channel, the views, this stuff with the channel, the views, this stuff with the channel, the views, the views per day, and the topic. So the views per day, and the topic. So the views per day, and the topic. So this is amazing. And I was able to build this is amazing. And I was able to build this is amazing. And I was able to build this in 20 minutes. And now what I would this in 20 minutes. And now what I would this in 20 minutes. And now what I would do is just keep running it. And every do is just keep running it. And every do is just keep running it. And every time say, "Hey, I liked this. I didn't time say, "Hey, I liked this. I didn't time say, "Hey, I liked this. I didn't like this. Use the skill creator to make like this. Use the skill creator to make like this. Use the skill creator to make this better and better. So, here I am in Cloud Code and I'm So, here I am in Cloud Code and I'm So, here I am in Cloud Code and I'm going to go ahead and shoot off this going to go ahead and shoot off this going to go ahead and shoot off this message that's asking Cloud Code to turn message that's asking Cloud Code to turn message that's asking Cloud Code to turn my YouTube video into a tweet style my YouTube video into a tweet style my YouTube video into a tweet style carousel. What you see is that it's carousel. What you see is that it's carousel. What you see is that it's invoking the carousel skill. And within invoking the carousel skill. And within invoking the carousel skill. And within this carousel skill, I actually tell it this carousel skill, I actually tell it this carousel skill, I actually tell it to delegate work to a carousel planning to delegate work to a carousel planning to delegate work to a carousel planning sub agent. So, you can see now it said, sub agent. So, you can see now it said, sub agent. So, you can see now it said, "I got the transcript. Let me plan the "I got the transcript. Let me plan the "I got the transcript. Let me plan the carousel slides." And I'm using an agent carousel slides." And I'm using an agent carousel slides." And I'm using an agent to do that. And so this sub agent here to do that. And so this sub agent here to do that. And so this sub agent here basically got the input from this main basically got the input from this main basically got the input from this main session and it's running on its own with session and it's running on its own with session and it's running on its own with its own context and maybe a different its own context and maybe a different its own context and maybe a different model whether that be haiku sonnet or model whether that be haiku sonnet or model whether that be haiku sonnet or opus. And while we let this finish up, opus. And while we let this finish up, opus. And while we let this finish up, I'm going to open up a new session. And I'm going to open up a new session. And I'm going to open up a new session. And in this one, I said spin up two research in this one, I said spin up two research in this one, I said spin up two research sub aents. One for AI enablement for sub aents. One for AI enablement for sub aents. One for AI enablement for SMBs and one for enterprises. And this SMBs and one for enterprises. And this SMBs and one for enterprises. And this main session now is going to delegate to main session now is going to delegate to main session now is going to delegate to two different sub aents. Here's the two different sub aents. Here's the two different sub aents. Here's the first one for SMBs and here's the second first one for SMBs and here's the second first one for SMBs and here's the second one for enterprises. These sub agents one for enterprises. These sub agents one for enterprises. These sub agents are now running in parallel doing their are now running in parallel doing their are now running in parallel doing their own research and then they're going to own research and then they're going to own research and then they're going to send all of their findings back to this send all of their findings back to this send all of their findings back to this main session. So in that first session, main session. So in that first session, main session. So in that first session, we now have that carousel done. We've we now have that carousel done. We've we now have that carousel done. We've got slide 1, slide 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and got slide 1, slide 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and got slide 1, slide 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8. And then in the second session, we 8. And then in the second session, we 8. And then in the second session, we see that both research briefs are back. see that both research briefs are back. see that both research briefs are back. We've got SMB AI enablement, we've got We've got SMB AI enablement, we've got We've got SMB AI enablement, we've got enterprise, and then we have the enterprise, and then we have the enterprise, and then we have the overlap. So these outputs that we just overlap. So these outputs that we just overlap. So these outputs that we just got were thanks to using cloud code sub got were thanks to using cloud code sub got were thanks to using cloud code sub aents. So in today's video, I'm going to aents. So in today's video, I'm going to aents. So in today's video, I'm going to explain all of this as simply as I can, explain all of this as simply as I can, explain all of this as simply as I can, and we're going to be looking at what and we're going to be looking at what and we're going to be looking at what they are, why they matter. I'm going to they are, why they matter. I'm going to they are, why they matter. I'm going to build one live in front of you guys, build one live in front of you guys, build one live in front of you guys, talk about how we actually do that, and talk about how we actually do that, and talk about how we actually do that, and how you can actually master them and how you can actually master them and how you can actually master them and make them better and better. So I don't make them better and better. So I don't make them better and better. So I don't want to waste any time. Let's get want to waste any time. Let's get want to waste any time. Let's get straight into the video. Okay. So what straight into the video. Okay. So what straight into the video. Okay. So what are sub aents? The idea about sub aents are sub aents? The idea about sub aents are sub aents? The idea about sub aents is that you have your main session. So is that you have your main session. So is that you have your main session. So as you guys saw in cloud code, this is as you guys saw in cloud code, this is as you guys saw in cloud code, this is kind of the agent we're talking to. When kind of the agent we're talking to. When kind of the agent we're talking to. When you open up a new session, you are you open up a new session, you are you open up a new session, you are talking to this little crab right here. talking to this little crab right here. talking to this little crab right here. And as you're talking, you fill up your And as you're talking, you fill up your And as you're talking, you fill up your context and it has its own kind of context and it has its own kind of context and it has its own kind of memory right there. But that main memory right there. But that main memory right there. But that main session can actually delegate work and session can actually delegate work and session can actually delegate work and send off prompts to different send off prompts to different send off prompts to different specialized agents. So we could have a specialized agents. So we could have a specialized agents. So we could have a code reviewer or a builder or a debugger code reviewer or a builder or a debugger code reviewer or a builder or a debugger or a testr runner, an architect or a or a testr runner, an architect or a or a testr runner, an architect or a researcher. And if we wanted, all six of researcher. And if we wanted, all six of researcher. And if we wanted, all six of these could be running in parallel. these could be running in parallel. these could be running in parallel. You're essentially turning clawed code You're essentially turning clawed code You're essentially turning clawed code into a project lead. And it's able to into a project lead. And it's able to into a project lead. And it's able to just do the planning, the delegation, just do the planning, the delegation, just do the planning, the delegation, and then not have to have its context and then not have to have its context and then not have to have its context polluted with different specialized polluted with different specialized polluted with different specialized tasks. And the more specific goal you tasks. And the more specific goal you tasks. And the more specific goal you give it and the more specific training give it and the more specific training give it and the more specific training you give it, the outputs are shown to be you give it, the outputs are shown to be you give it, the outputs are shown to be much much better. Especially if you much much better. Especially if you much much better. Especially if you think about it like this, a sub agent think about it like this, a sub agent think about it like this, a sub agent will be asleep, right? and it wakes up will be asleep, right? and it wakes up will be asleep, right? and it wakes up and it's completely stateless because and it's completely stateless because and it's completely stateless because basically the main agent said, "Hey, basically the main agent said, "Hey, basically the main agent said, "Hey, wake up. I need you to do something." wake up. I need you to do something." wake up. I need you to do something." This agent now wakes up with fresh This agent now wakes up with fresh This agent now wakes up with fresh context, a different chat model, its own context, a different chat model, its own context, a different chat model, its own tools, and its own purpose. So, it's tools, and its own purpose. So, it's tools, and its own purpose. So, it's like if I was throwing a party and I like if I was throwing a party and I like if I was throwing a party and I wanted some really good cupcakes. I wanted some really good cupcakes. I wanted some really good cupcakes. I probably wouldn't just walk into a probably wouldn't just walk into a probably wouldn't just walk into a general store and just grab, you know, general store and just grab, you know, general store and just grab, you know, some mass-produced cupcakes, I might some mass-produced cupcakes, I might some mass-produced cupcakes, I might want to go to like a niche bakery and want to go to like a niche bakery and want to go to like a niche bakery and give them a custom request. Now, you give them a custom request. Now, you give them a custom request. Now, you might have also heard of agent teams, might have also heard of agent teams, might have also heard of agent teams, which kind of sounds similar to sub which kind of sounds similar to sub which kind of sounds similar to sub agents, but they're not. And there's one agents, but they're not. And there's one agents, but they're not. And there's one key distinction that I wanted you guys key distinction that I wanted you guys key distinction that I wanted you guys to just understand real quick. Don't to just understand real quick. Don't to just understand real quick. Don't worry, I will have a full video about worry, I will have a full video about worry, I will have a full video about agent teams themselves, but I just agent teams themselves, but I just agent teams themselves, but I just wanted to do one quick distinction, wanted to do one quick distinction, wanted to do one quick distinction, which is that sub agents are focused which is that sub agents are focused which is that sub agents are focused workers. They run in parallel, but they workers. They run in parallel, but they workers. They run in parallel, but they can't talk to each other. And that's the can't talk to each other. And that's the can't talk to each other. And that's the key difference. It's basically one-way key difference. It's basically one-way key difference. It's basically one-way relationships. The main agent sends an relationships. The main agent sends an relationships. The main agent sends an input prompt and then the worker works input prompt and then the worker works input prompt and then the worker works and then sends the results back to the and then sends the results back to the and then sends the results back to the main agent. The individual workers main agent. The individual workers main agent. The individual workers basically cannot communicate. But with basically cannot communicate. But with basically cannot communicate. But with agent teams, that's where it gets really agent teams, that's where it gets really agent teams, that's where it gets really cool is they actually can. So they share cool is they actually can. So they share cool is they actually can. So they share a task list and they can communicate to a task list and they can communicate to a task list and they can communicate to each other. They can even assign each each other. They can even assign each each other. They can even assign each other tasks. So that's where it truly other tasks. So that's where it truly other tasks. So that's where it truly becomes like an actual team ecosystem. becomes like an actual team ecosystem. becomes like an actual team ecosystem. So let's actually go through an example. So let's actually go through an example. So let's actually go through an example. So let's say I said, "Hey, I need you to So let's say I said, "Hey, I need you to So let's say I said, "Hey, I need you to refactor and add some tests to X, Y, and refactor and add some tests to X, Y, and refactor and add some tests to X, Y, and Z." What the main session would do is it Z." What the main session would do is it Z." What the main session would do is it would basically hear your request and it would basically hear your request and it would basically hear your request and it would search through the agents it has would search through the agents it has would search through the agents it has and say which ones can do the job best. and say which ones can do the job best. and say which ones can do the job best. I'm going to give one task to the I'm going to give one task to the I'm going to give one task to the refactor agent. I'm going to give the refactor agent. I'm going to give the refactor agent. I'm going to give the other task to the test writer agent. other task to the test writer agent. other task to the test writer agent. They're both going to be working and They're both going to be working and They're both going to be working and then once they're done, they're going to then once they're done, they're going to then once they're done, they're going to bring all of those results back to me, bring all of those results back to me, bring all of those results back to me, the main agent, and I will do whatever I the main agent, and I will do whatever I the main agent, and I will do whatever I need to do with it and communicate back need to do with it and communicate back need to do with it and communicate back to you. Okay, so why use sub agents? to you. Okay, so why use sub agents? to you. Okay, so why use sub agents? I've got five reasons here. And the I've got five reasons here. And the I've got five reasons here. And the first one is to preserve context because first one is to preserve context because first one is to preserve context because you can keep the main thread clean. We you can keep the main thread clean. We you can keep the main thread clean. We all know that context rot is real and so all know that context rot is real and so all know that context rot is real and so your job as a cloud code operator is to your job as a cloud code operator is to your job as a cloud code operator is to figure out how can I be as efficient as figure out how can I be as efficient as figure out how can I be as efficient as possible with my context window. And one possible with my context window. And one possible with my context window. And one of those unlocks is realizing that you of those unlocks is realizing that you of those unlocks is realizing that you can delegate tasks to sub agents to can delegate tasks to sub agents to can delegate tasks to sub agents to process tons of data, do a ton of process tons of data, do a ton of process tons of data, do a ton of research, and then only send back the research, and then only send back the research, and then only send back the little bits of information that the main little bits of information that the main little bits of information that the main session actually needs. Now, the second session actually needs. Now, the second session actually needs. Now, the second piece is to enforce constraints because piece is to enforce constraints because piece is to enforce constraints because maybe your main worker, your let's just maybe your main worker, your let's just maybe your main worker, your let's just call it a parent worker needs to be able call it a parent worker needs to be able call it a parent worker needs to be able to do tons and tons of different things to do tons and tons of different things to do tons and tons of different things in terms of like tool calls. But in terms of like tool calls. But in terms of like tool calls. But sometimes when you want to do something sometimes when you want to do something sometimes when you want to do something a little bit more risky, so maybe GitHub a little bit more risky, so maybe GitHub a little bit more risky, so maybe GitHub actions or some other code-based actions or some other code-based actions or some other code-based actions, you might want to delegate that actions, you might want to delegate that actions, you might want to delegate that to a sub agent that is specialized on to a sub agent that is specialized on to a sub agent that is specialized on that tool or that process and it has that tool or that process and it has that tool or that process and it has limited availability when it comes to limited availability when it comes to limited availability when it comes to tools. So it can't do anything super tools. So it can't do anything super tools. So it can't do anything super harmful. It just gives you more control harmful. It just gives you more control harmful. It just gives you more control over that process. Now the third one is over that process. Now the third one is over that process. Now the third one is to reuse configs. Meaning all of your to reuse configs. Meaning all of your to reuse configs. Meaning all of your agents can be shared across different agents can be shared across different agents can be shared across different projects or even shared with your team projects or even shared with your team projects or even shared with your team because maybe your organization has a because maybe your organization has a because maybe your organization has a really specific process for project really specific process for project really specific process for project management or quarterly planning. And if management or quarterly planning. And if management or quarterly planning. And if you have a really good agent that helps you have a really good agent that helps you have a really good agent that helps you do that, then it can be reused you do that, then it can be reused you do that, then it can be reused across the entire organization. So the across the entire organization. So the across the entire organization. So the whole team gets better and better. And whole team gets better and better. And whole team gets better and better. And what you'll notice is that there's a lot what you'll notice is that there's a lot what you'll notice is that there's a lot of principles between sub agents and of principles between sub agents and of principles between sub agents and skills that are very similar except for skills that are very similar except for skills that are very similar except for like the context and model things. Now like the context and model things. Now like the context and model things. Now number four is specialization. Kind of number four is specialization. Kind of number four is specialization. Kind of like I alluded to earlier, the more like I alluded to earlier, the more like I alluded to earlier, the more specific and niche an AI is trained to specific and niche an AI is trained to specific and niche an AI is trained to be, the better it results are going to be, the better it results are going to be, the better it results are going to be. And that's as simple as it is. If be. And that's as simple as it is. If be. And that's as simple as it is. If you've been following my channel for a you've been following my channel for a you've been following my channel for a while and you've been building a lot in while and you've been building a lot in while and you've been building a lot in Naden, it's the same idea of when we Naden, it's the same idea of when we Naden, it's the same idea of when we would delegate work to a child agent. would delegate work to a child agent. would delegate work to a child agent. And then finally, we have control costs And then finally, we have control costs And then finally, we have control costs because once again, each sub aent can do because once again, each sub aent can do because once again, each sub aent can do their own model. So maybe you're always their own model. So maybe you're always their own model. So maybe you're always wanting to use Opus in your parent wanting to use Opus in your parent wanting to use Opus in your parent workflow, but sometimes you want some workflow, but sometimes you want some workflow, but sometimes you want some quick research done and you can do that quick research done and you can do that quick research done and you can do that with Haiku to save yourself time and with Haiku to save yourself time and with Haiku to save yourself time and tokens. So from there, the big question tokens. So from there, the big question tokens. So from there, the big question is when do you actually delegate? is when do you actually delegate? is when do you actually delegate? Because you could also get into this Because you could also get into this Because you could also get into this weird spot where you're doing sub agents weird spot where you're doing sub agents weird spot where you're doing sub agents for everything and you're kind of just for everything and you're kind of just for everything and you're kind of just overengineering. So stay in your main overengineering. So stay in your main overengineering. So stay in your main conversation if you need back and forth, conversation if you need back and forth, conversation if you need back and forth, if you need quick changes, if you need if you need quick changes, if you need if you need quick changes, if you need that shared context, that conversation that shared context, that conversation that shared context, that conversation history, and for low latency. And then history, and for low latency. And then history, and for low latency. And then you want to be able to delegate to a sub you want to be able to delegate to a sub you want to be able to delegate to a sub agent if you want them to be agent if you want them to be agent if you want them to be self-contained, if you have tool self-contained, if you have tool self-contained, if you have tool restrictions, or you just want summaries restrictions, or you just want summaries restrictions, or you just want summaries returned. Now, I know I put verbos returned. Now, I know I put verbos returned. Now, I know I put verbos output here, but that was just the image output here, but that was just the image output here, but that was just the image generation. Basically, you can control generation. Basically, you can control generation. Basically, you can control if you want to see the sub agents steps if you want to see the sub agents steps if you want to see the sub agents steps as they're thinking and doing things, or as they're thinking and doing things, or as they're thinking and doing things, or if you just want the concise summary if you just want the concise summary if you just want the concise summary done at the end. So, I thought that I done at the end. So, I thought that I done at the end. So, I thought that I would share this tweet with you guys would share this tweet with you guys would share this tweet with you guys real quick. Boris Churnney, the guy who real quick. Boris Churnney, the guy who real quick. Boris Churnney, the guy who created Claude Code, shared that he does created Claude Code, shared that he does created Claude Code, shared that he does use a few sub agents very regularly. use a few sub agents very regularly. use a few sub agents very regularly. Build validator, code architect, code Build validator, code architect, code Build validator, code architect, code simplifier, on call guide, verify app. simplifier, on call guide, verify app. simplifier, on call guide, verify app. And also, if you go to the cloud code And also, if you go to the cloud code And also, if you go to the cloud code docs and you read about sub agents, you docs and you read about sub agents, you docs and you read about sub agents, you can see that there are some examples can see that there are some examples can see that there are some examples here which basically give you the full here which basically give you the full here which basically give you the full actual like MD of this type of agent. actual like MD of this type of agent. actual like MD of this type of agent. So, this is the code reviewer. And if So, this is the code reviewer. And if So, this is the code reviewer. And if this doesn't make sense at all, don't this doesn't make sense at all, don't this doesn't make sense at all, don't worry. I'm going to explain what we're worry. I'm going to explain what we're worry. I'm going to explain what we're looking at here. We've got a debugger, looking at here. We've got a debugger, looking at here. We've got a debugger, we've got a data scientist, and we've we've got a data scientist, and we've we've got a data scientist, and we've got a database query validator. So those got a database query validator. So those got a database query validator. So those are just some example sub aents you are just some example sub aents you are just some example sub aents you might be thinking about and seeing just might be thinking about and seeing just might be thinking about and seeing just to kind of get the you know blood to kind of get the you know blood to kind of get the you know blood flowing up to the brain. So here's where flowing up to the brain. So here's where flowing up to the brain. So here's where your understanding of skills is going to your understanding of skills is going to your understanding of skills is going to help out a little bit because the agents help out a little bit because the agents help out a little bit because the agents are basically invoked the same exact way are basically invoked the same exact way are basically invoked the same exact way that skills are invoked which means that that skills are invoked which means that that skills are invoked which means that the main agent will read through the the main agent will read through the the main agent will read through the descriptions of the agents. So if I said descriptions of the agents. So if I said descriptions of the agents. So if I said hey can you help me write tests for my hey can you help me write tests for my hey can you help me write tests for my API? The agent would look through all of API? The agent would look through all of API? The agent would look through all of its different agents. It would see I've its different agents. It would see I've its different agents. It would see I've got a refactor, I've got deploy, I've got a refactor, I've got deploy, I've got a refactor, I've got deploy, I've got a test writer and a debug and I'm got a test writer and a debug and I'm got a test writer and a debug and I'm going to use the test writer here. And going to use the test writer here. And going to use the test writer here. And then it would basically send off that then it would basically send off that then it would basically send off that prompt to the test writer agent. So the prompt to the test writer agent. So the prompt to the test writer agent. So the clearer that your descriptions are, the clearer that your descriptions are, the clearer that your descriptions are, the better that the delegation is going to better that the delegation is going to better that the delegation is going to be so that you don't get any false be so that you don't get any false be so that you don't get any false triggers and things like that. And when triggers and things like that. And when triggers and things like that. And when I say description, I literally just mean I say description, I literally just mean I say description, I literally just mean the actual description. So for example, the actual description. So for example, the actual description. So for example, the code reviewer agent expert code the code reviewer agent expert code the code reviewer agent expert code review specialist proactively reviews review specialist proactively reviews review specialist proactively reviews code for quality, security, and code for quality, security, and code for quality, security, and maintainability. Use immediately after maintainability. Use immediately after maintainability. Use immediately after writing or modifying code. So, like you writing or modifying code. So, like you writing or modifying code. So, like you guys just saw, we have the YAML metadata guys just saw, we have the YAML metadata guys just saw, we have the YAML metadata where we would have things like the name where we would have things like the name where we would have things like the name of the agent, the description, tools, of the agent, the description, tools, of the agent, the description, tools, and there are a few other um options and there are a few other um options and there are a few other um options here, other parameters like model for here, other parameters like model for here, other parameters like model for example, and then below it, we would example, and then below it, we would example, and then below it, we would have the actual instructions that cloud have the actual instructions that cloud have the actual instructions that cloud code would actually read the full list code would actually read the full list code would actually read the full list of once it's decided, hey, Mr. of once it's decided, hey, Mr. of once it's decided, hey, Mr. Testrunner agent, I'm going to use you. Testrunner agent, I'm going to use you. Testrunner agent, I'm going to use you. So, literally same way that skills work, So, literally same way that skills work, So, literally same way that skills work, and all they are really is just a and all they are really is just a and all they are really is just a markdown file. So, I think understanding markdown file. So, I think understanding markdown file. So, I think understanding that really simplifies the concept. And that really simplifies the concept. And that really simplifies the concept. And very similar to skills once again very similar to skills once again very similar to skills once again because it's just a file they live in because it's just a file they live in because it's just a file they live in your project. So they can be either in your project. So they can be either in your project. So they can be either in your project, they can be personal, or your project, they can be personal, or your project, they can be personal, or they can be temporary. So personal means they can be temporary. So personal means they can be temporary. So personal means if you create an agent, you can use it if you create an agent, you can use it if you create an agent, you can use it anytime you're using cloud code anytime you're using cloud code anytime you're using cloud code regardless of the project. But project regardless of the project. But project regardless of the project. But project means that you would only have it in means that you would only have it in means that you would only have it in that specific project. So for example, that specific project. So for example, that specific project. So for example, in this project, this is my herk 2. So in this project, this is my herk 2. So in this project, this is my herk 2. So basically my executive assistant and basically my executive assistant and basically my executive assistant and I've got my do.cloud right here. In the I've got my do.cloud right here. In the I've got my do.cloud right here. In the dotcloud, I've got agents. And here's dotcloud, I've got agents. And here's dotcloud, I've got agents. And here's where I have my six agents right here. where I have my six agents right here. where I have my six agents right here. And I can only invoke these if I'm in And I can only invoke these if I'm in And I can only invoke these if I'm in this project. So if I switched open to a this project. So if I switched open to a this project. So if I switched open to a different folder, I couldn't use those different folder, I couldn't use those different folder, I couldn't use those agents. But if I installed them agents. But if I installed them agents. But if I installed them globally, then I would be able to, but I globally, then I would be able to, but I globally, then I would be able to, but I wouldn't actually see them right here. wouldn't actually see them right here. wouldn't actually see them right here. I'd see them more in like my home global I'd see them more in like my home global I'd see them more in like my home global directory for cloud code. And then directory for cloud code. And then directory for cloud code. And then temporary agents, you can spin up ones temporary agents, you can spin up ones temporary agents, you can spin up ones just for your session explicitly or with just for your session explicitly or with just for your session explicitly or with certain plugins, but I've really never certain plugins, but I've really never certain plugins, but I've really never used these before, so not going to cover used these before, so not going to cover used these before, so not going to cover them today. Okay, so we're about to hop them today. Okay, so we're about to hop them today. Okay, so we're about to hop in and build our own custom sub aent. in and build our own custom sub aent. in and build our own custom sub aent. But I did want to show you guys that But I did want to show you guys that But I did want to show you guys that there are some sub agents that cloud there are some sub agents that cloud there are some sub agents that cloud code has natively built in that when code has natively built in that when code has natively built in that when you're using cloud code you might have you're using cloud code you might have you're using cloud code you might have actually seen before and you would know actually seen before and you would know actually seen before and you would know if you're using a sub agent because it if you're using a sub agent because it if you're using a sub agent because it would have this little command that says would have this little command that says would have this little command that says agent. So the first one that we have is agent. So the first one that we have is agent. So the first one that we have is explore and this one basically searches explore and this one basically searches explore and this one basically searches and analyzes through your codebase. This and analyzes through your codebase. This and analyzes through your codebase. This one runs on haiku and it has readonly one runs on haiku and it has readonly one runs on haiku and it has readonly permissions. The second one that we have permissions. The second one that we have permissions. The second one that we have is a planning agent. So a lot of times is a planning agent. So a lot of times is a planning agent. So a lot of times when you're in plan mode you'll see that when you're in plan mode you'll see that when you're in plan mode you'll see that this agent gets invoked and this one this agent gets invoked and this one this agent gets invoked and this one does research and helps you plan. The does research and helps you plan. The does research and helps you plan. The model for this one is inherited by the model for this one is inherited by the model for this one is inherited by the parent model. So if you're on opus a lot parent model. So if you're on opus a lot parent model. So if you're on opus a lot of times the sub aent will be running on of times the sub aent will be running on of times the sub aent will be running on opus and this one's also read only and opus and this one's also read only and opus and this one's also read only and then there is a general sub agent which then there is a general sub agent which then there is a general sub agent which cloud code will invoke when we need some cloud code will invoke when we need some cloud code will invoke when we need some multi-step stuff and this one once again multi-step stuff and this one once again multi-step stuff and this one once again the model is inherited but this general the model is inherited but this general the model is inherited but this general agent can use its hands a bit more and agent can use its hands a bit more and agent can use its hands a bit more and it actually has all tools available. it actually has all tools available. it actually has all tools available. Okay, so now that we understand all of Okay, so now that we understand all of Okay, so now that we understand all of that let's go ahead and jump into cloud that let's go ahead and jump into cloud that let's go ahead and jump into cloud code and build our first sub agent. All code and build our first sub agent. All code and build our first sub agent. All right, I am in cloud code and I am using right, I am in cloud code and I am using right, I am in cloud code and I am using cloud code in VS code. Now, what's cloud code in VS code. Now, what's cloud code in VS code. Now, what's recommended by Enthropic to actually recommended by Enthropic to actually recommended by Enthropic to actually build sub agents is to use the / aagents build sub agents is to use the / aagents build sub agents is to use the / aagents command. So, if I come in here and I command. So, if I come in here and I command. So, if I come in here and I type in slash agents, you can see that I type in slash agents, you can see that I type in slash agents, you can see that I can click on this right here. And when I can click on this right here. And when I can click on this right here. And when I click on that, it says that I have to click on that, it says that I have to click on that, it says that I have to continue in my terminal to actually use continue in my terminal to actually use continue in my terminal to actually use this. Part of the limitation with this. Part of the limitation with this. Part of the limitation with extensions in IDE is that some of the extensions in IDE is that some of the extensions in IDE is that some of the actual slash commands you can't use. But actual slash commands you can't use. But actual slash commands you can't use. But it's not a big deal. You can just open it's not a big deal. You can just open it's not a big deal. You can just open up the terminal. It will run the command up the terminal. It will run the command up the terminal. It will run the command like that. You can see. And now we're like that. You can see. And now we're like that. You can see. And now we're basically using cloud code in VS Code, basically using cloud code in VS Code, basically using cloud code in VS Code, but in the terminal. And so once it's but in the terminal. And so once it's but in the terminal. And so once it's ran the / agents command, you can see ran the / agents command, you can see ran the / agents command, you can see that we can look at all of our agents. that we can look at all of our agents. that we can look at all of our agents. So we have 11. We have the project So we have 11. We have the project So we have 11. We have the project agents right here. And then we also have agents right here. And then we also have agents right here. And then we also have the built-in agents that are always the built-in agents that are always the built-in agents that are always available. And so I could choose these available. And so I could choose these available. And so I could choose these agents and I could edit them or do agents and I could edit them or do agents and I could edit them or do whatever I want. But what I can also do whatever I want. But what I can also do whatever I want. But what I can also do now is I can click on create new agent. now is I can click on create new agent. now is I can click on create new agent. So when I hit enter, this is basically So when I hit enter, this is basically So when I hit enter, this is basically going to help us configure the agent and going to help us configure the agent and going to help us configure the agent and it's going to understand all of the it's going to understand all of the it's going to understand all of the different preferences even like where we different preferences even like where we different preferences even like where we want to put this. So it's a lot more want to put this. So it's a lot more want to put this. So it's a lot more helpful than you trying to build your helpful than you trying to build your helpful than you trying to build your own. So for this demo, I'm going to go own. So for this demo, I'm going to go own. So for this demo, I'm going to go ahead and do a project agent, but once ahead and do a project agent, but once ahead and do a project agent, but once again, you could make them personal. I'm again, you could make them personal. I'm again, you could make them personal. I'm going to generate with Claude instead of going to generate with Claude instead of going to generate with Claude instead of doing it manually. And now all I have to doing it manually. And now all I have to doing it manually. And now all I have to do is describe what this agent should do do is describe what this agent should do do is describe what this agent should do and when it should be used and we need and when it should be used and we need and when it should be used and we need to be comprehensive for the best to be comprehensive for the best to be comprehensive for the best results. Okay, so I just kind of talked results. Okay, so I just kind of talked results. Okay, so I just kind of talked into this thing for a little bit and got into this thing for a little bit and got into this thing for a little bit and got a brief prompt. I would probably a brief prompt. I would probably a brief prompt. I would probably recommend that you make these a little recommend that you make these a little recommend that you make these a little bit more robust, but of course you can bit more robust, but of course you can bit more robust, but of course you can always go back and forth later as you're always go back and forth later as you're always go back and forth later as you're testing them and every time you use the testing them and every time you use the testing them and every time you use the agent, it should be getting better and agent, it should be getting better and agent, it should be getting better and better because you're going to give it better because you're going to give it better because you're going to give it feedback. Now what I'm going to do is feedback. Now what I'm going to do is feedback. Now what I'm going to do is I'm going to hit enter and it's I'm going to hit enter and it's I'm going to hit enter and it's basically generating that agent from the basically generating that agent from the basically generating that agent from the description. So, we're going to see that description. So, we're going to see that description. So, we're going to see that it's going to fill out a new MD file it's going to fill out a new MD file it's going to fill out a new MD file over here, and then we'll be able to over here, and then we'll be able to over here, and then we'll be able to test it out. Now, what's cool about this test it out. Now, what's cool about this test it out. Now, what's cool about this is not only is it just building the is not only is it just building the is not only is it just building the agent from my description, but it also agent from my description, but it also agent from my description, but it also is looking through what's in this is looking through what's in this is looking through what's in this project. So, it understands me and my project. So, it understands me and my project. So, it understands me and my business and my goals, and it's going to business and my goals, and it's going to business and my goals, and it's going to actually make the agent a little bit actually make the agent a little bit actually make the agent a little bit tailored towards that. So, this agent tailored towards that. So, this agent tailored towards that. So, this agent that I described was like an AI trend that I described was like an AI trend that I described was like an AI trend hunter finder, and it's going to hunter finder, and it's going to hunter finder, and it's going to understand that I like have a YouTube understand that I like have a YouTube understand that I like have a YouTube channel, and that I'm trying to make channel, and that I'm trying to make channel, and that I'm trying to make content on like Nitn, Claude Code, stuff content on like Nitn, Claude Code, stuff content on like Nitn, Claude Code, stuff like that. Now, the first option we get like that. Now, the first option we get like that. Now, the first option we get is what tools do you want it to use? So, is what tools do you want it to use? So, is what tools do you want it to use? So, I'm just going to go ahead and choose I'm just going to go ahead and choose I'm just going to go ahead and choose all. But here's where you could go ahead all. But here's where you could go ahead all. But here's where you could go ahead and say like I only want it to have and say like I only want it to have and say like I only want it to have readonly and you know MCP. That's it. readonly and you know MCP. That's it. readonly and you know MCP. That's it. But like I said, I'm just going to But like I said, I'm just going to But like I said, I'm just going to choose all and continue. We also now get choose all and continue. We also now get choose all and continue. We also now get to choose the model. So, I'm just going to choose the model. So, I'm just going to choose the model. So, I'm just going to go ahead and go with sonnet. And then to go ahead and go with sonnet. And then to go ahead and go with sonnet. And then you can choose a color for your sub you can choose a color for your sub you can choose a color for your sub agent, which is pretty cool. You only agent, which is pretty cool. You only agent, which is pretty cool. You only really see this in the terminal. So, really see this in the terminal. So, really see this in the terminal. So, like let's say I'm in the terminal and I like let's say I'm in the terminal and I like let's say I'm in the terminal and I say, "Hey, run the AI trend hunter." We say, "Hey, run the AI trend hunter." We say, "Hey, run the AI trend hunter." We would see that this color I'm pointing would see that this color I'm pointing would see that this color I'm pointing at my screen like you guys can see. we at my screen like you guys can see. we at my screen like you guys can see. we would see that this color pops up and would see that this color pops up and would see that this color pops up and that's how we know that that agent's that's how we know that that agent's that's how we know that that agent's being used. We have the ability to being used. We have the ability to being used. We have the ability to configure memory which I know I haven't configure memory which I know I haven't configure memory which I know I haven't touched on yet. I will touch on that a touched on yet. I will touch on that a touched on yet. I will touch on that a little bit later, but for now let's just little bit later, but for now let's just little bit later, but for now let's just go ahead and do the recommended enable go ahead and do the recommended enable go ahead and do the recommended enable option. And now what we get to do is we option. And now what we get to do is we option. And now what we get to do is we get to see how the agent is configured. get to see how the agent is configured. get to see how the agent is configured. So this is the name, this is the So this is the name, this is the So this is the name, this is the location, tools, model, memory, and we location, tools, model, memory, and we location, tools, model, memory, and we can see the description which tells can see the description which tells can see the description which tells Cloud how to use the agent and then we Cloud how to use the agent and then we Cloud how to use the agent and then we can see the system prompt. Now it did can see the system prompt. Now it did can see the system prompt. Now it did make this description kind of long. So, make this description kind of long. So, make this description kind of long. So, we might want to change that cuz that we might want to change that cuz that we might want to change that cuz that might be using up too many tokens, but might be using up too many tokens, but might be using up too many tokens, but that should probably guarantee that it that should probably guarantee that it that should probably guarantee that it will get invoked at the right times. But will get invoked at the right times. But will get invoked at the right times. But anyways, you can see you are an elite AI anyways, you can see you are an elite AI anyways, you can see you are an elite AI trend hunter. Here is your mission. trend hunter. Here is your mission. trend hunter. Here is your mission. Here's what you're looking for. It tells Here's what you're looking for. It tells Here's what you're looking for. It tells it about how to use its memory and how it about how to use its memory and how it about how to use its memory and how to update that and how to search for to update that and how to search for to update that and how to search for past context, which is helpful for a past context, which is helpful for a past context, which is helpful for a tool like trends because I don't need to tool like trends because I don't need to tool like trends because I don't need to get an update on something that it told get an update on something that it told get an update on something that it told me about, you know, like 2 hours ago. me about, you know, like 2 hours ago. me about, you know, like 2 hours ago. And if you're getting an error that says And if you're getting an error that says And if you're getting an error that says like it can't create it because that like it can't create it because that like it can't create it because that folder already exists, then what I would folder already exists, then what I would folder already exists, then what I would do is I would rename the current folder do is I would rename the current folder do is I would rename the current folder that's called agents. So just call it that's called agents. So just call it that's called agents. So just call it like agents one and then hit enter. It like agents one and then hit enter. It like agents one and then hit enter. It should be able to create the agent. Move should be able to create the agent. Move should be able to create the agent. Move all your agents into that new folder and all your agents into that new folder and all your agents into that new folder and then just delete the old one. I think then just delete the old one. I think then just delete the old one. I think that's just a bug. I've gotten that a that's just a bug. I've gotten that a that's just a bug. I've gotten that a few times before, but it still works. few times before, but it still works. few times before, but it still works. But then over here, you also notice that But then over here, you also notice that But then over here, you also notice that we have agent memory. So right now we we have agent memory. So right now we we have agent memory. So right now we have a folder for the AI trend hunter. have a folder for the AI trend hunter. have a folder for the AI trend hunter. There's not a memory file in there yet. There's not a memory file in there yet. There's not a memory file in there yet. But for example, our content hunter does But for example, our content hunter does But for example, our content hunter does have a memory file and it will get have a memory file and it will get have a memory file and it will get created after we run the AI trend hunter created after we run the AI trend hunter created after we run the AI trend hunter one time. So what I'm going to do is I'm one time. So what I'm going to do is I'm one time. So what I'm going to do is I'm just going to run the actual um AI trend just going to run the actual um AI trend just going to run the actual um AI trend hunter agent in the terminal so you guys hunter agent in the terminal so you guys hunter agent in the terminal so you guys can see what that color thing looks can see what that color thing looks can see what that color thing looks like. Now what's interesting here is like. Now what's interesting here is like. Now what's interesting here is I've already given it the API keys that I've already given it the API keys that I've already given it the API keys that it needs in this project for like it needs in this project for like it needs in this project for like perplexity or for X. But that's perplexity or for X. But that's perplexity or for X. But that's something else that you will have to something else that you will have to something else that you will have to configure if you're setting up an agent configure if you're setting up an agent configure if you're setting up an agent for the first time. It needs to know for the first time. It needs to know for the first time. It needs to know where to access those API keys if it's where to access those API keys if it's where to access those API keys if it's calling some sort of API or doing other calling some sort of API or doing other calling some sort of API or doing other tools like that. And as you can see, we tools like that. And as you can see, we tools like that. And as you can see, we can see that the AI trend hunter is can see that the AI trend hunter is can see that the AI trend hunter is firing off. We can see the web searches firing off. We can see the web searches firing off. We can see the web searches and the different things that it's and the different things that it's and the different things that it's doing. We have the ability to hit doing. We have the ability to hit doing. We have the ability to hit control O if we want to expand and see control O if we want to expand and see control O if we want to expand and see like everything that it's thinking and like everything that it's thinking and like everything that it's thinking and doing. And right here, we can see the doing. And right here, we can see the doing. And right here, we can see the prompts that the main workflow actually prompts that the main workflow actually prompts that the main workflow actually fed into this sub agent, which is pretty fed into this sub agent, which is pretty fed into this sub agent, which is pretty cool. And the other thing you'll notice cool. And the other thing you'll notice cool. And the other thing you'll notice is that right here we could hit controlB is that right here we could hit controlB is that right here we could hit controlB in order to run this agent in the in order to run this agent in the in order to run this agent in the background which basically just means we background which basically just means we background which basically just means we would be able to keep talking to the would be able to keep talking to the would be able to keep talking to the main session while we wait for this main session while we wait for this main session while we wait for this background agent to finish up just in background agent to finish up just in background agent to finish up just in case we want to keep working and we case we want to keep working and we case we want to keep working and we don't want to be blocked right now don't want to be blocked right now don't want to be blocked right now because this is running in the because this is running in the because this is running in the foreground. And by the way, the reason foreground. And by the way, the reason foreground. And by the way, the reason this doesn't have a color is because I this doesn't have a color is because I this doesn't have a color is because I chose no color. But I'll just check in chose no color. But I'll just check in chose no color. But I'll just check in with you guys when the sub agent has with you guys when the sub agent has with you guys when the sub agent has come back with a summary for us. All come back with a summary for us. All come back with a summary for us. All right, so sub agent came back. We have right, so sub agent came back. We have right, so sub agent came back. We have some hot signals. We've got some warm some hot signals. We've got some warm some hot signals. We've got some warm signals. We've got top video ideas and a signals. We've got top video ideas and a signals. We've got top video ideas and a key pattern. And so once again, the key pattern. And so once again, the key pattern. And so once again, the value prop here is that the sub agent value prop here is that the sub agent value prop here is that the sub agent used about 40,000 tokens, but the main used about 40,000 tokens, but the main used about 40,000 tokens, but the main agent only had to actually eat up this agent only had to actually eat up this agent only had to actually eat up this many tokens, which is nowhere near many tokens, which is nowhere near many tokens, which is nowhere near 40,000. If I run a quick context 40,000. If I run a quick context 40,000. If I run a quick context command, we should be able to see that command, we should be able to see that command, we should be able to see that this session right now has only used this session right now has only used this session right now has only used 29,000. So that just proves that the 29,000. So that just proves that the 29,000. So that just proves that the main agent didn't have to look at all main agent didn't have to look at all main agent didn't have to look at all those 40,000 tokens. Now, what else just those 40,000 tokens. Now, what else just those 40,000 tokens. Now, what else just happened here is we can see that a new happened here is we can see that a new happened here is we can see that a new file was created in the agent-memory, file was created in the agent-memory, file was created in the agent-memory, which is the AI trend hunter. This is which is the AI trend hunter. This is which is the AI trend hunter. This is the actual file that the sub aent is the actual file that the sub aent is the actual file that the sub aent is going to read when it gets woken up. It going to read when it gets woken up. It going to read when it gets woken up. It can see good sources to use. It can see can see good sources to use. It can see can see good sources to use. It can see recurring topics. It can see patterns recurring topics. It can see patterns recurring topics. It can see patterns and video angles that worked and also and video angles that worked and also and video angles that worked and also the latest scan. So yes, it wakes the latest scan. So yes, it wakes the latest scan. So yes, it wakes [clears throat] up on a completely fresh [clears throat] up on a completely fresh [clears throat] up on a completely fresh set of conversation, but it also does set of conversation, but it also does set of conversation, but it also does get some information to make it a little get some information to make it a little get some information to make it a little bit more like recent. Okay, so that was bit more like recent. Okay, so that was bit more like recent. Okay, so that was a quick live build of an agent. Now, we a quick live build of an agent. Now, we a quick live build of an agent. Now, we used the / agents command to do so, used the / agents command to do so, used the / agents command to do so, which lets us view agents, create new which lets us view agents, create new which lets us view agents, create new agents, edit configs of agents, delete agents, edit configs of agents, delete agents, edit configs of agents, delete them, and see agents that are active. them, and see agents that are active. them, and see agents that are active. However, the one thing that's not great However, the one thing that's not great However, the one thing that's not great is when we do the slash agents and we is when we do the slash agents and we is when we do the slash agents and we want to like let's say for example edit want to like let's say for example edit want to like let's say for example edit the AI trend hunter. If we choose edit, the AI trend hunter. If we choose edit, the AI trend hunter. If we choose edit, it basically makes us open this in an it basically makes us open this in an it basically makes us open this in an editor and edit the actual text file editor and edit the actual text file editor and edit the actual text file itself. So, it doesn't really let us use itself. So, it doesn't really let us use itself. So, it doesn't really let us use its AI brain in a really nice way to its AI brain in a really nice way to its AI brain in a really nice way to optimize our sub aents. And there's so optimize our sub aents. And there's so optimize our sub aents. And there's so many little nitty-gritty things that go many little nitty-gritty things that go many little nitty-gritty things that go into how you use them and different into how you use them and different into how you use them and different agent patterns and things like that. So, agent patterns and things like that. So, agent patterns and things like that. So, what I did is I built you guys a skill what I did is I built you guys a skill what I did is I built you guys a skill called agent builder which is trained on called agent builder which is trained on called agent builder which is trained on pretty much the complete official docs pretty much the complete official docs pretty much the complete official docs of cloud code sub aents. And so what of cloud code sub aents. And so what of cloud code sub aents. And so what that would let us do is you can see that would let us do is you can see that would let us do is you can see right here we have an agent builder. And right here we have an agent builder. And right here we have an agent builder. And when I invoke this, it's going to help when I invoke this, it's going to help when I invoke this, it's going to help me like run an audit on that agent that me like run an audit on that agent that me like run an audit on that agent that we just built and see how we can we just built and see how we can we just built and see how we can basically make it better. So this agent basically make it better. So this agent basically make it better. So this agent builder skill can be found in my free builder skill can be found in my free builder skill can be found in my free school community. The link is down in school community. The link is down in school community. The link is down in the description. You would go to the description. You would go to the description. You would go to classroom and then you'd come to agent classroom and then you'd come to agent classroom and then you'd come to agent skills and you'd be able to download skills and you'd be able to download skills and you'd be able to download that skill and just put it right into that skill and just put it right into that skill and just put it right into your own project. So you can see after I your own project. So you can see after I your own project. So you can see after I invoked it, it said, "Awesome. I've read invoked it, it said, "Awesome. I've read invoked it, it said, "Awesome. I've read the AI trend hunter agent and I've ran the AI trend hunter agent and I've ran the AI trend hunter agent and I've ran the audit. Here's what I found." So the audit. Here's what I found." So the audit. Here's what I found." So there's no current tool restrictions. If there's no current tool restrictions. If there's no current tool restrictions. If there's no max turn set and the there's no max turn set and the there's no max turn set and the description is bloated, here are some description is bloated, here are some description is bloated, here are some other things that would be nice to have. other things that would be nice to have. other things that would be nice to have. And then here are some things that look And then here are some things that look And then here are some things that look good. So then it says, "Hey, do you want good. So then it says, "Hey, do you want good. So then it says, "Hey, do you want me to change these exact things?" And it me to change these exact things?" And it me to change these exact things?" And it will actually help you brainstorm over will actually help you brainstorm over will actually help you brainstorm over how to make your agent file much, much how to make your agent file much, much how to make your agent file much, much better. All right, so now that you better. All right, so now that you better. All right, so now that you understand that, let's talk about what understand that, let's talk about what understand that, let's talk about what else actually goes into making our sub else actually goes into making our sub else actually goes into making our sub agents really good. So the first thing agents really good. So the first thing agents really good. So the first thing is auto delegation. And unfortunately, a is auto delegation. And unfortunately, a is auto delegation. And unfortunately, a lot of these things just mean that you lot of these things just mean that you lot of these things just mean that you have to use them a few times. And the have to use them a few times. And the have to use them a few times. And the more you use it, the better you more you use it, the better you more you use it, the better you understand how to improve it. So, you understand how to improve it. So, you understand how to improve it. So, you want to be making sure that in your want to be making sure that in your want to be making sure that in your natural language when you're explaining natural language when you're explaining natural language when you're explaining like the goal that you're looking for, like the goal that you're looking for, like the goal that you're looking for, it understands to delegate that to a sub it understands to delegate that to a sub it understands to delegate that to a sub agent or maybe multiple sub agents. agent or maybe multiple sub agents. agent or maybe multiple sub agents. Then, we have the idea of foreground Then, we have the idea of foreground Then, we have the idea of foreground versus background. Kind of like I showed versus background. Kind of like I showed versus background. Kind of like I showed you guys, foreground blocks the main you guys, foreground blocks the main you guys, foreground blocks the main chat and the background lets them run chat and the background lets them run chat and the background lets them run behind the scenes so you can keep behind the scenes so you can keep behind the scenes so you can keep talking to the main session. And then talking to the main session. And then talking to the main session. And then again, we have the strategy of taking a again, we have the strategy of taking a again, we have the strategy of taking a huge amount of context and having the huge amount of context and having the huge amount of context and having the sub agent process that rather than the sub agent process that rather than the sub agent process that rather than the main agent. We have this idea of main agent. We have this idea of main agent. We have this idea of composable skills and agents being able composable skills and agents being able composable skills and agents being able to let them work together. So kind of to let them work together. So kind of to let them work together. So kind of like that demo that you guys saw. So if like that demo that you guys saw. So if like that demo that you guys saw. So if I hop back into cloud code, you guys I hop back into cloud code, you guys I hop back into cloud code, you guys remember I used the carousel skill in remember I used the carousel skill in remember I used the carousel skill in that demo. And in this MD, it basically that demo. And in this MD, it basically that demo. And in this MD, it basically says gather the input and then you plan says gather the input and then you plan says gather the input and then you plan the carousel. And you do this by the carousel. And you do this by the carousel. And you do this by delegating to the carousel planner delegating to the carousel planner delegating to the carousel planner agent. So anytime I invoke this skill, agent. So anytime I invoke this skill, agent. So anytime I invoke this skill, the carousel planner agent gets called the carousel planner agent gets called the carousel planner agent gets called on. And I've got another one where it on. And I've got another one where it on. And I've got another one where it actually delegates to two different actually delegates to two different actually delegates to two different agents. If I go to my idea mining and I agents. If I go to my idea mining and I agents. If I go to my idea mining and I go to this skill MD, you can see that go to this skill MD, you can see that go to this skill MD, you can see that the first agent we call is the YouTube the first agent we call is the YouTube the first agent we call is the YouTube analyzer and then the second agent that analyzer and then the second agent that analyzer and then the second agent that we call is the researcher agent. So once we call is the researcher agent. So once we call is the researcher agent. So once again, this skill calls on different again, this skill calls on different again, this skill calls on different agents. But what else you can do is you agents. But what else you can do is you agents. But what else you can do is you can have agents invoke skills. So you'll can have agents invoke skills. So you'll can have agents invoke skills. So you'll really start to see as you build up this really start to see as you build up this really start to see as you build up this library of different skills and agents, library of different skills and agents, library of different skills and agents, they can all sort of come together in a they can all sort of come together in a they can all sort of come together in a really cool way. Tiny agents win. So really cool way. Tiny agents win. So really cool way. Tiny agents win. So don't have one that plans and builds and don't have one that plans and builds and don't have one that plans and builds and tests and documents and researches and tests and documents and researches and tests and documents and researches and reviews. have one that does each of reviews. have one that does each of reviews. have one that does each of those individual steps and then the main those individual steps and then the main those individual steps and then the main session can just reconcile all of that. session can just reconcile all of that. session can just reconcile all of that. Utilize parallel research. So maybe you Utilize parallel research. So maybe you Utilize parallel research. So maybe you need to do some research on O, some on need to do some research on O, some on need to do some research on O, some on database, some on APIs and then database, some on APIs and then database, some on APIs and then synthesize all that. But just remember synthesize all that. But just remember synthesize all that. But just remember they can't talk to each other while they can't talk to each other while they can't talk to each other while they're doing their individual research they're doing their individual research they're doing their individual research unless it's an agent team. And then kind unless it's an agent team. And then kind unless it's an agent team. And then kind of like the way you can use them in of like the way you can use them in of like the way you can use them in skills is you can chain them together. skills is you can chain them together. skills is you can chain them together. So once you have a specific process, you So once you have a specific process, you So once you have a specific process, you can say, "Hey, I need you to first use can say, "Hey, I need you to first use can say, "Hey, I need you to first use the code reviewer agent and then the the code reviewer agent and then the the code reviewer agent and then the optimizer agent and then this agent and optimizer agent and then this agent and optimizer agent and then this agent and then that agent." And that basically then that agent." And that basically then that agent." And that basically becomes an AI workflow where it's a becomes an AI workflow where it's a becomes an AI workflow where it's a deterministic order of operations, but deterministic order of operations, but deterministic order of operations, but some of the processes within are some of the processes within are some of the processes within are non-deterministic. It gives us way more non-deterministic. It gives us way more non-deterministic. It gives us way more control and that whole process is going control and that whole process is going control and that whole process is going to get refined really well. And then to get refined really well. And then to get refined really well. And then remember, start to optimize for cost and remember, start to optimize for cost and remember, start to optimize for cost and speed. So rather than using Opus 4.6 for speed. So rather than using Opus 4.6 for speed. So rather than using Opus 4.6 for every single thing you need to process, every single thing you need to process, every single thing you need to process, every single sub agent, start to every single sub agent, start to every single sub agent, start to understand how can I run these ones with understand how can I run these ones with understand how can I run these ones with Haiku and these ones with Sonnet and see Haiku and these ones with Sonnet and see Haiku and these ones with Sonnet and see if you can get, you know, parallel if you can get, you know, parallel if you can get, you know, parallel agents running that are giving you way agents running that are giving you way agents running that are giving you way more bang for your buck. So remember I more bang for your buck. So remember I more bang for your buck. So remember I touched on the fact that agents can use touched on the fact that agents can use touched on the fact that agents can use skills. You could just have them do that skills. You could just have them do that skills. You could just have them do that in natural language because they can in natural language because they can in natural language because they can view the whole project just the same way view the whole project just the same way view the whole project just the same way that a main agent would. But you can that a main agent would. But you can that a main agent would. But you can also preload those. So in the front also preload those. So in the front also preload those. So in the front matter you can tell it specifically here matter you can tell it specifically here matter you can tell it specifically here are two skills that you need to use. And are two skills that you need to use. And are two skills that you need to use. And then you can also think about things then you can also think about things then you can also think about things like sub agent compaction. So by default like sub agent compaction. So by default like sub agent compaction. So by default I think it's around 95% when the sub I think it's around 95% when the sub I think it's around 95% when the sub aents will compact. But you could also aents will compact. But you could also aents will compact. But you could also change that autocompact to make it you change that autocompact to make it you change that autocompact to make it you know 50% so that you avoid that context know 50% so that you avoid that context know 50% so that you avoid that context rot. So now I think you guys understand rot. So now I think you guys understand rot. So now I think you guys understand what I mean when I said there are so what I mean when I said there are so what I mean when I said there are so many different things in this doc about many different things in this doc about many different things in this doc about how to best use sub agents. Here are all how to best use sub agents. Here are all how to best use sub agents. Here are all of the different supported front matter of the different supported front matter of the different supported front matter fields. We've got name, description, fields. We've got name, description, fields. We've got name, description, tools, disallowed tools, model, tools, disallowed tools, model, tools, disallowed tools, model, permission mode, max turns, blah blah permission mode, max turns, blah blah permission mode, max turns, blah blah blah. There's more and more. And so blah. There's more and more. And so blah. There's more and more. And so that's why if you want to learn more that's why if you want to learn more that's why if you want to learn more about sub aents and optimize your sub about sub aents and optimize your sub about sub aents and optimize your sub agents, just use that skilluer skill agents, just use that skilluer skill agents, just use that skilluer skill that I have given you guys. As you can that I have given you guys. As you can that I have given you guys. As you can see, this is the markdown file for it. see, this is the markdown file for it. see, this is the markdown file for it. And then I also gave it a reference MD And then I also gave it a reference MD And then I also gave it a reference MD file which is basically even more file which is basically even more file which is basically even more information about this documentation of information about this documentation of information about this documentation of how to build sub aents. So this should how to build sub aents. So this should how to build sub aents. So this should really help when you are doing this. I just pasted in this message and I'm I just pasted in this message and I'm I just pasted in this message and I'm shooting it off to Claude and it says shooting it off to Claude and it says shooting it off to Claude and it says create a team called Neuroflow of three create a team called Neuroflow of three create a team called Neuroflow of three teammates using Sonnet. The first one is teammates using Sonnet. The first one is teammates using Sonnet. The first one is a front-end developer, the second one is a front-end developer, the second one is a front-end developer, the second one is a back-end developer and the third one a back-end developer and the third one a back-end developer and the third one is a QA agent. So this now invoked a is a QA agent. So this now invoked a is a QA agent. So this now invoked a tool called team create. And you can see tool called team create. And you can see tool called team create. And you can see that what it's doing is now that it's that what it's doing is now that it's that what it's doing is now that it's created this team, it's spawning up created this team, it's spawning up created this team, it's spawning up three teammates in parallel. And these three teammates in parallel. And these three teammates in parallel. And these are all individual agents. So right now are all individual agents. So right now are all individual agents. So right now we can see we have our front-end we can see we have our front-end we can see we have our front-end developer, we have our back-end developer, we have our back-end developer, we have our back-end developer, and we have our QA agent. So developer, and we have our QA agent. So developer, and we have our QA agent. So what's happening is right now we have what's happening is right now we have what's happening is right now we have these three agents working together with these three agents working together with these three agents working together with our main session. They all share a task our main session. They all share a task our main session. They all share a task list. They can talk to each other. And list. They can talk to each other. And list. They can talk to each other. And I'm going to check back in with you guys I'm going to check back in with you guys I'm going to check back in with you guys once this is done. Okay, so this is once this is done. Okay, so this is once this is done. Okay, so this is really interesting. The front end and really interesting. The front end and really interesting. The front end and backend developer sent work over to the backend developer sent work over to the backend developer sent work over to the QA agent, and then the QA agent found QA agent, and then the QA agent found QA agent, and then the QA agent found three critical issues. So, the main three critical issues. So, the main three critical issues. So, the main agent said that it's going to send all agent said that it's going to send all agent said that it's going to send all of this work right back to those first of this work right back to those first of this work right back to those first two agents to take another pass at it. two agents to take another pass at it. two agents to take another pass at it. So, here's where you can see it sent off So, here's where you can see it sent off So, here's where you can see it sent off those messages to the front-end those messages to the front-end those messages to the front-end developer, the backend dev, and the QA. developer, the backend dev, and the QA. developer, the backend dev, and the QA. And now they're all back to work once And now they're all back to work once And now they're all back to work once again. And there we go. The second time again. And there we go. The second time again. And there we go. The second time the QA agent gives it a pass. All three the QA agent gives it a pass. All three the QA agent gives it a pass. All three of those critical issues have been of those critical issues have been of those critical issues have been resolved. And then it was able to resolved. And then it was able to resolved. And then it was able to basically oneshot this website. Now, basically oneshot this website. Now, basically oneshot this website. Now, obviously, there are some things that obviously, there are some things that obviously, there are some things that aren't perfect about this, and we'd want aren't perfect about this, and we'd want aren't perfect about this, and we'd want to go back and iterate, but considering to go back and iterate, but considering to go back and iterate, but considering in the prompt, all I said was to build in the prompt, all I said was to build in the prompt, all I said was to build me a landing page for a fictional AI me a landing page for a fictional AI me a landing page for a fictional AI startup. And we get all of this text. We startup. And we get all of this text. We startup. And we get all of this text. We get these animations. We get all of this get these animations. We get all of this get these animations. We get all of this stuff to come in dynamically. And it stuff to come in dynamically. And it stuff to come in dynamically. And it feels pretty polished. It came up with feels pretty polished. It came up with feels pretty polished. It came up with all the copy, the color scheme, all of all the copy, the color scheme, all of all the copy, the color scheme, all of it. This is truly one of the most it. This is truly one of the most it. This is truly one of the most powerful AI agent features I've ever powerful AI agent features I've ever powerful AI agent features I've ever used, but you have to know how to use used, but you have to know how to use used, but you have to know how to use it, right? Which is why in today's it, right? Which is why in today's it, right? Which is why in today's video, I'm going to explain everything video, I'm going to explain everything video, I'm going to explain everything you need to know. What they are, how to you need to know. What they are, how to you need to know. What they are, how to set them up, how to use them, when not set them up, how to use them, when not set them up, how to use them, when not to use them, everything that you need. to use them, everything that you need. to use them, everything that you need. So, let's not waste any time and get So, let's not waste any time and get So, let's not waste any time and get straight into the video. So, agent straight into the video. So, agent straight into the video. So, agent teams, as you guys saw in the demo, we teams, as you guys saw in the demo, we teams, as you guys saw in the demo, we had one get spun up called Neuroflow. had one get spun up called Neuroflow. had one get spun up called Neuroflow. And in that team, we had three agents. And in that team, we had three agents. And in that team, we had three agents. We had the front-end dev, the backend We had the front-end dev, the backend We had the front-end dev, the backend dev, and the QA. So, what happens is the dev, and the QA. So, what happens is the dev, and the QA. So, what happens is the main orchestrator, the cloud code main orchestrator, the cloud code main orchestrator, the cloud code session you're talking to, creates these session you're talking to, creates these session you're talking to, creates these different agents and manages them, but different agents and manages them, but different agents and manages them, but not in the same way that we do sub not in the same way that we do sub not in the same way that we do sub agents because sub agents work agents because sub agents work agents because sub agents work independently and then they send their independently and then they send their independently and then they send their individual result back to the main individual result back to the main individual result back to the main agent. Agent teams have a team lead, agent. Agent teams have a team lead, agent. Agent teams have a team lead, maybe like a project manager, and it maybe like a project manager, and it maybe like a project manager, and it creates all of these different agents creates all of these different agents creates all of these different agents and a shared task list. So, the huge and a shared task list. So, the huge and a shared task list. So, the huge unlock here is that individual teammates unlock here is that individual teammates unlock here is that individual teammates can talk to each other. So, sometimes can talk to each other. So, sometimes can talk to each other. So, sometimes there's a dependency. teammate one needs there's a dependency. teammate one needs there's a dependency. teammate one needs something from teammate two and they can something from teammate two and they can something from teammate two and they can just talk and you can get in these just talk and you can get in these just talk and you can get in these really cool loops especially when you really cool loops especially when you really cool loops especially when you have the QA agent like we just saw in have the QA agent like we just saw in have the QA agent like we just saw in the demo where one of the teammates will the demo where one of the teammates will the demo where one of the teammates will basically say hey this isn't good enough basically say hey this isn't good enough basically say hey this isn't good enough and send the work back and then the main and send the work back and then the main and send the work back and then the main agent like I said is just making sure agent like I said is just making sure agent like I said is just making sure that the tasks are getting done and that that the tasks are getting done and that that the tasks are getting done and that they're all high quality. So that's the they're all high quality. So that's the they're all high quality. So that's the big difference between sub agents and big difference between sub agents and big difference between sub agents and agent teams and I had to clear that up agent teams and I had to clear that up agent teams and I had to clear that up because I know that's probably where because I know that's probably where because I know that's probably where there's some confusion. So, I am going there's some confusion. So, I am going there's some confusion. So, I am going to break more stuff down, but what I to break more stuff down, but what I to break more stuff down, but what I wanted to do first is just show you guys wanted to do first is just show you guys wanted to do first is just show you guys how to set this up because I think the how to set this up because I think the how to set this up because I think the best way to learn is just to be able to best way to learn is just to be able to best way to learn is just to be able to play around with stuff. And all you have play around with stuff. And all you have play around with stuff. And all you have to do to set this up is add one to do to set this up is add one to do to set this up is add one environment variable into your project environment variable into your project environment variable into your project setting. So, let me show you how that setting. So, let me show you how that setting. So, let me show you how that works right now. All right, here I am in works right now. All right, here I am in works right now. All right, here I am in cloud code. I like to use it in VS Code, cloud code. I like to use it in VS Code, cloud code. I like to use it in VS Code, but you can use the agent teams feature but you can use the agent teams feature but you can use the agent teams feature wherever you decide to use cloud code. wherever you decide to use cloud code. wherever you decide to use cloud code. You can see that I am in a brand new You can see that I am in a brand new You can see that I am in a brand new project with nothing in it. So, this is project with nothing in it. So, this is project with nothing in it. So, this is exactly what one of your guys' setup exactly what one of your guys' setup exactly what one of your guys' setup should look like if you want to follow should look like if you want to follow should look like if you want to follow along. So, like I said, we need to along. So, like I said, we need to along. So, like I said, we need to enable the feature. And I'm going to do enable the feature. And I'm going to do enable the feature. And I'm going to do that in this demo on the project level. that in this demo on the project level. that in this demo on the project level. So, what I'm going to do is go to the So, what I'm going to do is go to the So, what I'm going to do is go to the official Cloud Code documentation for official Cloud Code documentation for official Cloud Code documentation for agent teams. And you can see right here agent teams. And you can see right here agent teams. And you can see right here that it says they are disabled by that it says they are disabled by that it says they are disabled by default because it's an experimental default because it's an experimental default because it's an experimental feature. So, you have to enable them by feature. So, you have to enable them by feature. So, you have to enable them by adding this variable into your adding this variable into your adding this variable into your settings.json. So, what I'm going to do settings.json. So, what I'm going to do settings.json. So, what I'm going to do is literally just copy this JSON right is literally just copy this JSON right is literally just copy this JSON right here and come into Cloud Code and say, here and come into Cloud Code and say, here and come into Cloud Code and say, "Hey, I need you to put this in our "Hey, I need you to put this in our "Hey, I need you to put this in our local settings in this project." And local settings in this project." And local settings in this project." And then just paste in that JSON prompt. And then just paste in that JSON prompt. And then just paste in that JSON prompt. And I'm going to go ahead and shoot that I'm going to go ahead and shoot that I'm going to go ahead and shoot that off. And that should basically be able off. And that should basically be able off. And that should basically be able to create that file for us. So you can to create that file for us. So you can to create that file for us. So you can see that it set everything up. We now see that it set everything up. We now see that it set everything up. We now have acloud folder. If I click into have acloud folder. If I click into have acloud folder. If I click into here, we have a settings.local.json here, we have a settings.local.json here, we have a settings.local.json and it has put that command in there. and it has put that command in there. and it has put that command in there. And now our project should be set up to And now our project should be set up to And now our project should be set up to actually be able to use agent teams. Now actually be able to use agent teams. Now actually be able to use agent teams. Now before we dive in and I start showing before we dive in and I start showing before we dive in and I start showing you guys how to do that, there is one you guys how to do that, there is one you guys how to do that, there is one thing that I recommend doing first. And thing that I recommend doing first. And thing that I recommend doing first. And that's basically training your cloud that's basically training your cloud that's basically training your cloud code project on how agent teams work so code project on how agent teams work so code project on how agent teams work so that they can actually be used as that they can actually be used as that they can actually be used as effectively as possible. So the easiest effectively as possible. So the easiest effectively as possible. So the easiest way to do this is you go to the way to do this is you go to the way to do this is you go to the documentation on agent teams. You take documentation on agent teams. You take documentation on agent teams. You take the URL and you copy it. And then I the URL and you copy it. And then I the URL and you copy it. And then I said, "Hey, create me a master reference said, "Hey, create me a master reference said, "Hey, create me a master reference guide for agent teams in a folder called guide for agent teams in a folder called guide for agent teams in a folder called docs. This will be used to help you docs. This will be used to help you docs. This will be used to help you build better and more effective agents build better and more effective agents build better and more effective agents in the future. And now it's going to in the future. And now it's going to in the future. And now it's going to read through that documentation." And read through that documentation." And read through that documentation." And now if you ever have questions about now if you ever have questions about now if you ever have questions about agent teams or if it ever needs to look agent teams or if it ever needs to look agent teams or if it ever needs to look up something while it is building them, up something while it is building them, up something while it is building them, it already has that locally here stored it already has that locally here stored it already has that locally here stored as markdown. So it's going to be much as markdown. So it's going to be much as markdown. So it's going to be much quicker. And it just created this quicker. And it just created this quicker. And it just created this documentation about enabling them, when documentation about enabling them, when documentation about enabling them, when to use them, display modes, task to use them, display modes, task to use them, display modes, task management, hooks, best practices, tons management, hooks, best practices, tons management, hooks, best practices, tons of stuff like that. And that can be of stuff like that. And that can be of stuff like that. And that can be found in the docs folder in this found in the docs folder in this found in the docs folder in this section, which is a full markdown file section, which is a full markdown file section, which is a full markdown file with hundreds of lines. And that's just with hundreds of lines. And that's just with hundreds of lines. And that's just a little tip. That's something that I a little tip. That's something that I a little tip. That's something that I like to do whenever I have like maybe a like to do whenever I have like maybe a like to do whenever I have like maybe a big MCP server or certain documentation big MCP server or certain documentation big MCP server or certain documentation that I know it might need to look at that I know it might need to look at that I know it might need to look at constantly. So, now that we're pretty constantly. So, now that we're pretty constantly. So, now that we're pretty much set up and ready to start building, much set up and ready to start building, much set up and ready to start building, let's talk about prompting. How do we let's talk about prompting. How do we let's talk about prompting. How do we actually tell Cloud Code to build us actually tell Cloud Code to build us actually tell Cloud Code to build us agent teams, but not just to build them, agent teams, but not just to build them, agent teams, but not just to build them, but to actually make them really good to but to actually make them really good to but to actually make them really good to give you what you want? Because the give you what you want? Because the give you what you want? Because the truth about agent teams is that they are truth about agent teams is that they are truth about agent teams is that they are more expensive and they are a bit more expensive and they are a bit more expensive and they are a bit slower. But you do get much higher slower. But you do get much higher slower. But you do get much higher quality if you use them right. Now the quality if you use them right. Now the quality if you use them right. Now the good news is you can pretty much invoke good news is you can pretty much invoke good news is you can pretty much invoke them just using natural language. So I them just using natural language. So I them just using natural language. So I kind of follow this pattern. Create a kind of follow this pattern. Create a kind of follow this pattern. Create a team of X number of agents using X team of X number of agents using X team of X number of agents using X model. So Hiku, Sonnet or Opus. And then model. So Hiku, Sonnet or Opus. And then model. So Hiku, Sonnet or Opus. And then you basically just say the agents that you basically just say the agents that you basically just say the agents that you want. You would say the first agent you want. You would say the first agent you want. You would say the first agent is X ro this agent should be doing this is X ro this agent should be doing this is X ro this agent should be doing this and it should produce me this. It can and it should produce me this. It can and it should produce me this. It can talk to the other agents to do X Y and talk to the other agents to do X Y and talk to the other agents to do X Y and Z. And so pretty much just listing that Z. And so pretty much just listing that Z. And so pretty much just listing that out in natural language, whether that be out in natural language, whether that be out in natural language, whether that be an API designer, a database engineer, an API designer, a database engineer, an API designer, a database engineer, and or a test writer. So let's take a and or a test writer. So let's take a and or a test writer. So let's take a real quick look at an example prompt. So real quick look at an example prompt. So real quick look at an example prompt. So I'm going to read this full one out. I'm going to read this full one out. I'm going to read this full one out. Now, what you'll notice is I start off Now, what you'll notice is I start off Now, what you'll notice is I start off by establishing a goal. The reason I do by establishing a goal. The reason I do by establishing a goal. The reason I do this is because when the agents wake up, this is because when the agents wake up, this is because when the agents wake up, they have no context. They basically they have no context. They basically they have no context. They basically only get the prompts that the main only get the prompts that the main only get the prompts that the main session feeds into them. So if we tell session feeds into them. So if we tell session feeds into them. So if we tell the main agent a goal to give to these the main agent a goal to give to these the main agent a goal to give to these sub aents, they understand a little bit sub aents, they understand a little bit sub aents, they understand a little bit better, you know, like what they're better, you know, like what they're better, you know, like what they're working towards, but also why they have working towards, but also why they have working towards, but also why they have their teammates next to them. So the their teammates next to them. So the their teammates next to them. So the goal here is to build a working full goal here is to build a working full goal here is to build a working full stack app with a REST API and a React stack app with a REST API and a React stack app with a REST API and a React front end. The end result should be a front end. The end result should be a front end. The end result should be a running app that I can view on a local running app that I can view on a local running app that I can view on a local host. It should have users and post host. It should have users and post host. It should have users and post functionality plus a QA test report functionality plus a QA test report functionality plus a QA test report confirming that everything works. So confirming that everything works. So confirming that everything works. So then I said, hey, create me a team of then I said, hey, create me a team of then I said, hey, create me a team of three teammates using Sonnet. The first three teammates using Sonnet. The first three teammates using Sonnet. The first one's a back-end dev. It should be doing one's a back-end dev. It should be doing one's a back-end dev. It should be doing this. The second one is a front-end dev this. The second one is a front-end dev this. The second one is a front-end dev and it should be doing this. And the and it should be doing this. And the and it should be doing this. And the third one is a QA agent that should be third one is a QA agent that should be third one is a QA agent that should be doing this. You can see that in the doing this. You can see that in the doing this. You can see that in the descriptions I said when you're done descriptions I said when you're done descriptions I said when you're done message the front-end dev. And then in message the front-end dev. And then in message the front-end dev. And then in this one I said wait for the backend this one I said wait for the backend this one I said wait for the backend dev's message and then you will send all dev's message and then you will send all dev's message and then you will send all the stuff to the QA. And then I'm saying the stuff to the QA. And then I'm saying the stuff to the QA. And then I'm saying what the final deliverables should be what the final deliverables should be what the final deliverables should be because the main agent spins these three because the main agent spins these three because the main agent spins these three up and then it's going to get a bunch of up and then it's going to get a bunch of up and then it's going to get a bunch of information back. So what do I actually information back. So what do I actually information back. So what do I actually want at the end of the day? I want a want at the end of the day? I want a want at the end of the day? I want a running app. I want a report about pass running app. I want a report about pass running app. I want a report about pass and fail tests. And then I want a doc and fail tests. And then I want a doc and fail tests. And then I want a doc which is basically what was built, key which is basically what was built, key which is basically what was built, key decisions, and how we run this moving decisions, and how we run this moving decisions, and how we run this moving forward. So we're about to hop right forward. So we're about to hop right forward. So we're about to hop right back into cloud code and live prompt an back into cloud code and live prompt an back into cloud code and live prompt an agent. But real quick, let's talk about agent. But real quick, let's talk about agent. But real quick, let's talk about some dos and don'ts. So do have each some dos and don'ts. So do have each some dos and don'ts. So do have each agent own specific files because if you agent own specific files because if you agent own specific files because if you don't do this and agents are sharing don't do this and agents are sharing don't do this and agents are sharing files, they might overwrite each other's files, they might overwrite each other's files, they might overwrite each other's work, which is not good. Do define the work, which is not good. Do define the work, which is not good. Do define the output. Don't use vague deliverables. Do output. Don't use vague deliverables. Do output. Don't use vague deliverables. Do name recipients. Don't just assume that name recipients. Don't just assume that name recipients. Don't just assume that they're going to understand who to talk they're going to understand who to talk they're going to understand who to talk to and why. Do have about three to five to and why. Do have about three to five to and why. Do have about three to five teammates. Don't go for massive agent teammates. Don't go for massive agent teammates. Don't go for massive agent swarms of 10 plus. That'll also be 10 swarms of 10 plus. That'll also be 10 swarms of 10 plus. That'll also be 10 times more expensive. And do give full times more expensive. And do give full times more expensive. And do give full context because of the fact that no context because of the fact that no context because of the fact that no history is given beforehand. Now, of history is given beforehand. Now, of history is given beforehand. Now, of course, they can still read everything course, they can still read everything course, they can still read everything in the project. They can still look in the project. They can still look in the project. They can still look through all of those files, but no through all of those files, but no through all of those files, but no context is fed in initially. And I will context is fed in initially. And I will context is fed in initially. And I will show you exactly what I mean by that show you exactly what I mean by that show you exactly what I mean by that when we go in here and spin up a new when we go in here and spin up a new when we go in here and spin up a new agent team. Okay. So, I'm in that agent team. Okay. So, I'm in that agent team. Okay. So, I'm in that project that we set up together. I'm in project that we set up together. I'm in project that we set up together. I'm in a fresh session and I'm going to send a fresh session and I'm going to send a fresh session and I'm going to send off this prompt. I said that the goal is off this prompt. I said that the goal is off this prompt. I said that the goal is to help me clean up the workspace. We to help me clean up the workspace. We to help me clean up the workspace. We have three agents called research team. have three agents called research team. have three agents called research team. We're using Sonnet. We've got a We're using Sonnet. We've got a We're using Sonnet. We've got a researcher, a strategist, and a critic. researcher, a strategist, and a critic. researcher, a strategist, and a critic. And they're basically just going to read And they're basically just going to read And they're basically just going to read through this project and make sure that through this project and make sure that through this project and make sure that everything's accurate and make sure that everything's accurate and make sure that everything's accurate and make sure that we're set up good. Let's take a look at we're set up good. Let's take a look at we're set up good. Let's take a look at what's going on. It's creating the what's going on. It's creating the what's going on. It's creating the research team, right? So, it's created research team, right? So, it's created research team, right? So, it's created the team, and now we have a to-do list. the team, and now we have a to-do list. the team, and now we have a to-do list. Now, what it's doing is it's going to Now, what it's doing is it's going to Now, what it's doing is it's going to spawn the three teammates in parallel. spawn the three teammates in parallel. spawn the three teammates in parallel. And when it spawns these, I'm going to And when it spawns these, I'm going to And when it spawns these, I'm going to actually show you how. So, the first one actually show you how. So, the first one actually show you how. So, the first one is a researcher. If I click into this, is a researcher. If I click into this, is a researcher. If I click into this, you can see that this says in. So, this you can see that this says in. So, this you can see that this says in. So, this is basically saying this is what the is basically saying this is what the is basically saying this is what the main agent sent to the agent. you are main agent sent to the agent. you are main agent sent to the agent. you are the researcher on the research team. the researcher on the research team. the researcher on the research team. Here is what your job is and you have to Here is what your job is and you have to Here is what your job is and you have to be thorough and include anything that be thorough and include anything that be thorough and include anything that might be helpful. So this is basically might be helpful. So this is basically might be helpful. So this is basically the prompt that spun up that agent. You the prompt that spun up that agent. You the prompt that spun up that agent. You can see same exact thing happened for can see same exact thing happened for can see same exact thing happened for the strategist and for the critic. And the strategist and for the critic. And the strategist and for the critic. And if I clicked in, we could once again if I clicked in, we could once again if I clicked in, we could once again read exactly what they were prompted to read exactly what they were prompted to read exactly what they were prompted to do and the step-by-step instructions, do and the step-by-step instructions, do and the step-by-step instructions, including stuff like when you're done, including stuff like when you're done, including stuff like when you're done, send your five use cases to the critic send your five use cases to the critic send your five use cases to the critic teammate using the send message tool, teammate using the send message tool, teammate using the send message tool, which once again validates that these which once again validates that these which once again validates that these agents are able to talk to each other agents are able to talk to each other agents are able to talk to each other and send messages to each other. So now and send messages to each other. So now and send messages to each other. So now we can see that all three of our agents we can see that all three of our agents we can see that all three of our agents are running and they are all basically are running and they are all basically are running and they are all basically just waiting for their turn. And you'll just waiting for their turn. And you'll just waiting for their turn. And you'll notice what it does is pretty much every notice what it does is pretty much every notice what it does is pretty much every time there's a new update, it updates time there's a new update, it updates time there's a new update, it updates me. So here comes another live update. me. So here comes another live update. me. So here comes another live update. Let's see if the researcher is finally Let's see if the researcher is finally Let's see if the researcher is finally done. There we go. It's done. So now done. There we go. It's done. So now done. There we go. It's done. So now what happens is we sent a message off to what happens is we sent a message off to what happens is we sent a message off to the researcher. And let's go ahead and the researcher. And let's go ahead and the researcher. And let's go ahead and see what that message actually said. So see what that message actually said. So see what that message actually said. So this is the main agent talking to the this is the main agent talking to the this is the main agent talking to the researcher. It said, "Did you send your researcher. It said, "Did you send your researcher. It said, "Did you send your structured inventory to both the structured inventory to both the structured inventory to both the strategist and the critic? Please make strategist and the critic? Please make strategist and the critic? Please make sure the strategist also received it. sure the strategist also received it. sure the strategist also received it. You were asked to message both You were asked to message both You were asked to message both teammates. And then we can see that the teammates. And then we can see that the teammates. And then we can see that the researcher confirmed that both teammates researcher confirmed that both teammates researcher confirmed that both teammates received the inventory and now the received the inventory and now the received the inventory and now the critic is running. All right, so critic is running. All right, so critic is running. All right, so everything just finished up. All the everything just finished up. All the everything just finished up. All the reports are here. But real quick, I reports are here. But real quick, I reports are here. But real quick, I wanted to draw your attention to this. wanted to draw your attention to this. wanted to draw your attention to this. The main agent said, "Cool. Let me shut The main agent said, "Cool. Let me shut The main agent said, "Cool. Let me shut down the teammates and finalize." And down the teammates and finalize." And down the teammates and finalize." And I'll touch on this a little bit later. I'll touch on this a little bit later. I'll touch on this a little bit later. But now the main agent has sent a But now the main agent has sent a But now the main agent has sent a message to each of them, the researcher, message to each of them, the researcher, message to each of them, the researcher, the strategist, and the critic. And the strategist, and the critic. And the strategist, and the critic. And basically said, "You're done. Save your basically said, "You're done. Save your basically said, "You're done. Save your work." So anyways, we'll come back to work." So anyways, we'll come back to work." So anyways, we'll come back to that in a little bit. But we now have an that in a little bit. But we now have an that in a little bit. But we now have an output which is a new document over output which is a new document over output which is a new document over here. Agent teams patterns and it found here. Agent teams patterns and it found here. Agent teams patterns and it found a ton of stuff. There were 11 a ton of stuff. There were 11 a ton of stuff. There were 11 documentation gaps identified that are documentation gaps identified that are documentation gaps identified that are worth reviewing against your reference worth reviewing against your reference worth reviewing against your reference doc. So anyways, let's just click into doc. So anyways, let's just click into doc. So anyways, let's just click into the doc real quick. We're not going to the doc real quick. We're not going to the doc real quick. We're not going to read this whole thing cuz I'm assuming read this whole thing cuz I'm assuming read this whole thing cuz I'm assuming it is super long. But this is the actual it is super long. But this is the actual it is super long. But this is the actual output that we just got from this agent output that we just got from this agent output that we just got from this agent team. And you can see that this thing is team. And you can see that this thing is team. And you can see that this thing is insanely thorough. So if you wanted to insanely thorough. So if you wanted to insanely thorough. So if you wanted to really really understand how agent teams really really understand how agent teams really really understand how agent teams work, then spin up an agent team to help work, then spin up an agent team to help work, then spin up an agent team to help you explain agent teams. Now, what you explain agent teams. Now, what you explain agent teams. Now, what you'll notice here is we were kind of you'll notice here is we were kind of you'll notice here is we were kind of able to see what was going on, but not able to see what was going on, but not able to see what was going on, but not really under the hood. We couldn't really under the hood. We couldn't really under the hood. We couldn't actually tell what the agents were actually tell what the agents were actually tell what the agents were thinking or doing. And that's because thinking or doing. And that's because thinking or doing. And that's because we're doing this in the Cloud Code we're doing this in the Cloud Code we're doing this in the Cloud Code extension. If you do this in your extension. If you do this in your extension. If you do this in your terminal, and specifically if you have terminal, and specifically if you have terminal, and specifically if you have T-Mox installed, you can actually see T-Mox installed, you can actually see T-Mox installed, you can actually see the different agents working and the different agents working and the different agents working and thinking, and you can individually send thinking, and you can individually send thinking, and you can individually send messages to them. Because right here, messages to them. Because right here, messages to them. Because right here, we're kind of only communicating through we're kind of only communicating through we're kind of only communicating through the main session, and the main session the main session, and the main session the main session, and the main session sends messages to the other ones. But sends messages to the other ones. But sends messages to the other ones. But one of the value props of agent teams is one of the value props of agent teams is one of the value props of agent teams is that I could individually message a sub that I could individually message a sub that I could individually message a sub agent if I wanted to. So, let me show agent if I wanted to. So, let me show agent if I wanted to. So, let me show you what that looks like. All right, so you what that looks like. All right, so you what that looks like. All right, so right now I'm running Cloud Code in a right now I'm running Cloud Code in a right now I'm running Cloud Code in a T-m terminal. Now, if you're on Windows, T-m terminal. Now, if you're on Windows, T-m terminal. Now, if you're on Windows, you have to take a little bit of a you have to take a little bit of a you have to take a little bit of a workaround, but you just have to be in a workaround, but you just have to be in a workaround, but you just have to be in a T-m terminal. So, I'm not going to do a T-m terminal. So, I'm not going to do a T-m terminal. So, I'm not going to do a full setup video on it right now, but I full setup video on it right now, but I full setup video on it right now, but I literally just had Cloud Code walk me literally just had Cloud Code walk me literally just had Cloud Code walk me through it, and it was super simple. But through it, and it was super simple. But through it, and it was super simple. But anyways, what I did here is I just anyways, what I did here is I just anyways, what I did here is I just pasted in this prompt, which obviously pasted in this prompt, which obviously pasted in this prompt, which obviously is like we talked about. We have the is like we talked about. We have the is like we talked about. We have the goal. We say create me an agent team, goal. We say create me an agent team, goal. We say create me an agent team, and then we have our front-end dev, our and then we have our front-end dev, our and then we have our front-end dev, our backend dev, and our QA. This is backend dev, and our QA. This is backend dev, and our QA. This is basically the same exact prompt that I basically the same exact prompt that I basically the same exact prompt that I ran in the demo. So, this isn't to show ran in the demo. So, this isn't to show ran in the demo. So, this isn't to show you the actual deliverable. What I want you the actual deliverable. What I want you the actual deliverable. What I want to show you guys here is the way that we to show you guys here is the way that we to show you guys here is the way that we can visually see this. So, right here, can visually see this. So, right here, can visually see this. So, right here, what it's going to do is it's going to what it's going to do is it's going to what it's going to do is it's going to spin up that agent team for us, right? spin up that agent team for us, right? spin up that agent team for us, right? It's setting up the task dependencies It's setting up the task dependencies It's setting up the task dependencies and it's assigning owners. And now it's and it's assigning owners. And now it's and it's assigning owners. And now it's spawning those agents. And there we go. spawning those agents. And there we go. spawning those agents. And there we go. We just got our front-end dev created We just got our front-end dev created We just got our front-end dev created right here. And this is the blue agent. right here. And this is the blue agent. right here. And this is the blue agent. We have another one right here, which is We have another one right here, which is We have another one right here, which is the backend dev. And this is the green the backend dev. And this is the green the backend dev. And this is the green agent. And there we go. We just got our agent. And there we go. We just got our agent. And there we go. We just got our QA agent, which is the yellow one. So QA agent, which is the yellow one. So QA agent, which is the yellow one. So now I very clearly can see what each of now I very clearly can see what each of now I very clearly can see what each of these agents is doing, which is super these agents is doing, which is super these agents is doing, which is super cool. And now if I wanted to, I could cool. And now if I wanted to, I could cool. And now if I wanted to, I could come over here and I could check on the come over here and I could check on the come over here and I could check on the team status with the main session. I team status with the main session. I team status with the main session. I could come up here and I could talk to could come up here and I could talk to could come up here and I could talk to the front-end dev. I could approve the front-end dev. I could approve the front-end dev. I could approve things or I could give it more info. things or I could give it more info. things or I could give it more info. Same exact thing with the QA or same Same exact thing with the QA or same Same exact thing with the QA or same exact thing with the backend dev. So now exact thing with the backend dev. So now exact thing with the backend dev. So now I literally have an agent team that I I literally have an agent team that I I literally have an agent team that I can watch and I can interact with any of can watch and I can interact with any of can watch and I can interact with any of them. And I can also watch them do them. And I can also watch them do them. And I can also watch them do research, create things, talk to each research, create things, talk to each research, create things, talk to each other. It's super super cool. So like I other. It's super super cool. So like I other. It's super super cool. So like I said, I'm not going to run this whole said, I'm not going to run this whole said, I'm not going to run this whole thing out. I just wanted to show you thing out. I just wanted to show you thing out. I just wanted to show you guys that this is possible. Okay, now guys that this is possible. Okay, now guys that this is possible. Okay, now that we've seen some cool demos, let's that we've seen some cool demos, let's that we've seen some cool demos, let's talk about how do we actually make these talk about how do we actually make these talk about how do we actually make these things better and better and understand things better and better and understand things better and better and understand a little bit more about what's going on. a little bit more about what's going on. a little bit more about what's going on. So, here are three key rules. The first So, here are three key rules. The first So, here are three key rules. The first one is that each of these agents has one is that each of these agents has one is that each of these agents has their own territory. So, they should their own territory. So, they should their own territory. So, they should have their own file and they should be have their own file and they should be have their own file and they should be working on their own deliverables. They working on their own deliverables. They working on their own deliverables. They can send them across and they can can send them across and they can can send them across and they can communicate, but they should only really communicate, but they should only really communicate, but they should only really all be editing their own thing. The all be editing their own thing. The all be editing their own thing. The second thing is once again direct second thing is once again direct second thing is once again direct messaging. They can talk to each other. messaging. They can talk to each other. messaging. They can talk to each other. They don't have to use the middleman of They don't have to use the middleman of They don't have to use the middleman of the main session. And then the third the main session. And then the third the main session. And then the third piece is that they can be working at the piece is that they can be working at the piece is that they can be working at the same time. It doesn't have to be agent same time. It doesn't have to be agent same time. It doesn't have to be agent one hands off to agent two and then one hands off to agent two and then one hands off to agent two and then agent two hands off to agent three agent two hands off to agent three agent two hands off to agent three because that honestly might not even because that honestly might not even because that honestly might not even call for an agent team. Agent teams work call for an agent team. Agent teams work call for an agent team. Agent teams work together in parallel and need to together in parallel and need to together in parallel and need to communicate throughout the whole communicate throughout the whole communicate throughout the whole process. So what do teammates instantly process. So what do teammates instantly process. So what do teammates instantly know when they wake up because we know know when they wake up because we know know when they wake up because we know that they don't have any context from that they don't have any context from that they don't have any context from the jump. What they do have is they the jump. What they do have is they the jump. What they do have is they inherit the permissions from the main inherit the permissions from the main inherit the permissions from the main session. So if you're on bypass session. So if you're on bypass session. So if you're on bypass permissions then all of your agents are permissions then all of your agents are permissions then all of your agents are going to be on bypass permissions. If going to be on bypass permissions. If going to be on bypass permissions. If you allow all bash commands then those you allow all bash commands then those you allow all bash commands then those same permissions will once again be same permissions will once again be same permissions will once again be inherited by the teammates. But the inherited by the teammates. But the inherited by the teammates. But the other thing to know that's very other thing to know that's very other thing to know that's very important is that any of your files, any important is that any of your files, any important is that any of your files, any of your MCP servers, any of your skills, of your MCP servers, any of your skills, of your MCP servers, any of your skills, all of the teammates can use and access all of the teammates can use and access all of the teammates can use and access those things. We also have a really cool those things. We also have a really cool those things. We also have a really cool ability to use something called plan ability to use something called plan ability to use something called plan approval mode. So you guys know how I've approval mode. So you guys know how I've approval mode. So you guys know how I've told you always start in plan mode. If told you always start in plan mode. If told you always start in plan mode. If you plan with your main session before you plan with your main session before you plan with your main session before anything actually happens, it's way anything actually happens, it's way anything actually happens, it's way better. What we can do is we can have better. What we can do is we can have better. What we can do is we can have all of those agent teammates plan first all of those agent teammates plan first all of those agent teammates plan first and they have to basically get their and they have to basically get their and they have to basically get their plan approved by the main agent before plan approved by the main agent before plan approved by the main agent before they're actually allowed to go execute. they're actually allowed to go execute. they're actually allowed to go execute. So, it's really cool. You could also set So, it's really cool. You could also set So, it's really cool. You could also set it up where you're actually the one who it up where you're actually the one who it up where you're actually the one who has to approve every single plan. But, I has to approve every single plan. But, I has to approve every single plan. But, I think it's probably better to just have think it's probably better to just have think it's probably better to just have the main session do that. Or maybe even the main session do that. Or maybe even the main session do that. Or maybe even one of the teammates is just the plan one of the teammates is just the plan one of the teammates is just the plan reviewer and approver. So, I wanted to reviewer and approver. So, I wanted to reviewer and approver. So, I wanted to talk about some common pitfalls or talk about some common pitfalls or talk about some common pitfalls or mistakes that you might be making and mistakes that you might be making and mistakes that you might be making and what the fix could be for that. So, the what the fix could be for that. So, the what the fix could be for that. So, the first one is if the agents keep asking first one is if the agents keep asking first one is if the agents keep asking permissions and they keep stopping for permissions and they keep stopping for permissions and they keep stopping for that, you can preapprove certain tools. that, you can preapprove certain tools. that, you can preapprove certain tools. So, that would be in your project So, that would be in your project So, that would be in your project settings or your local settings. you can settings or your local settings. you can settings or your local settings. you can allow certain commands and that way they allow certain commands and that way they allow certain commands and that way they won't stop to ask you something every won't stop to ask you something every won't stop to ask you something every couple seconds. If the deliverables couple seconds. If the deliverables couple seconds. If the deliverables aren't coming out feeling holistic, aren't coming out feeling holistic, aren't coming out feeling holistic, maybe they're being overwritten. So, maybe they're being overwritten. So, maybe they're being overwritten. So, make sure that you assign file owners. make sure that you assign file owners. make sure that you assign file owners. If you spin up an agent team and you If you spin up an agent team and you If you spin up an agent team and you realize that one of the agents isn't realize that one of the agents isn't realize that one of the agents isn't really doing much or is just sitting really doing much or is just sitting really doing much or is just sitting around, then maybe you want to around, then maybe you want to around, then maybe you want to specifically make sure you're assigning specifically make sure you're assigning specifically make sure you're assigning each agent work or some sort of each agent work or some sort of each agent work or some sort of dependency in your plan in your prompt. dependency in your plan in your prompt. dependency in your plan in your prompt. If you're burning through way too many If you're burning through way too many If you're burning through way too many tokens, just use fewer agents. If it tokens, just use fewer agents. If it tokens, just use fewer agents. If it seems like your agents are losing work, seems like your agents are losing work, seems like your agents are losing work, then tell them to basically store then tell them to basically store then tell them to basically store everything as a temporary file that they everything as a temporary file that they everything as a temporary file that they can then call on later. And if you're can then call on later. And if you're can then call on later. And if you're getting the wrong approval and it just getting the wrong approval and it just getting the wrong approval and it just seems like it's off, then maybe just try seems like it's off, then maybe just try seems like it's off, then maybe just try to have you be the one who approves to have you be the one who approves to have you be the one who approves things to start until you understand the things to start until you understand the things to start until you understand the flow of how these teams work a little flow of how these teams work a little flow of how these teams work a little better. All right, so next I wanted to better. All right, so next I wanted to better. All right, so next I wanted to talk about when to use agent teams talk about when to use agent teams talk about when to use agent teams because like I said earlier, they can be because like I said earlier, they can be because like I said earlier, they can be slow and expensive. So you really just slow and expensive. So you really just slow and expensive. So you really just want to use them when you need something want to use them when you need something want to use them when you need something pretty complex done and you need lots of pretty complex done and you need lots of pretty complex done and you need lots of different specialized agents. So think different specialized agents. So think different specialized agents. So think about using them if your specific about using them if your specific about using them if your specific process or project has multiple process or project has multiple process or project has multiple different areas. And that way you can different areas. And that way you can different areas. And that way you can have one specialize in each of those. If have one specialize in each of those. If have one specialize in each of those. If you need those things to be done in you need those things to be done in you need those things to be done in parallel, if you need them to be able to parallel, if you need them to be able to parallel, if you need them to be able to react to each other, assign tasks to react to each other, assign tasks to react to each other, assign tasks to each other, communicate with each other, each other, communicate with each other, each other, communicate with each other, and if something needs to be done at a and if something needs to be done at a and if something needs to be done at a really high quality, and you want tons really high quality, and you want tons really high quality, and you want tons of different steps to make sure, then an of different steps to make sure, then an of different steps to make sure, then an agent team is probably a decent idea. agent team is probably a decent idea. agent team is probably a decent idea. Now, if you have a process that could be Now, if you have a process that could be Now, if you have a process that could be done sequentially, meaning every time it done sequentially, meaning every time it done sequentially, meaning every time it basically goes 1 2 3, and those steps basically goes 1 2 3, and those steps basically goes 1 2 3, and those steps are dependent on each other, then maybe are dependent on each other, then maybe are dependent on each other, then maybe an agent team isn't the right call. an agent team isn't the right call. an agent team isn't the right call. Maybe that's just sub agents. If you Maybe that's just sub agents. If you Maybe that's just sub agents. If you need everything in one specific need everything in one specific need everything in one specific conversation history or one context conversation history or one context conversation history or one context window, then don't use teams. If you're window, then don't use teams. If you're window, then don't use teams. If you're just kind of working on the same files, just kind of working on the same files, just kind of working on the same files, don't use teams. And if it's a very don't use teams. And if it's a very don't use teams. And if it's a very simple task, then agent teams would be simple task, then agent teams would be simple task, then agent teams would be overkill. There might be a lot of times overkill. There might be a lot of times overkill. There might be a lot of times where you'd be able to use sub agents where you'd be able to use sub agents where you'd be able to use sub agents instead. Like I said, with sequential or instead. Like I said, with sequential or instead. Like I said, with sequential or if you need a very focused result, if if you need a very focused result, if if you need a very focused result, if you don't need the agents to you don't need the agents to you don't need the agents to communicate, and if you want to save communicate, and if you want to save communicate, and if you want to save some tokens, because once again, if you some tokens, because once again, if you some tokens, because once again, if you have three sessions running, that's have three sessions running, that's have three sessions running, that's basically going to be three times the basically going to be three times the basically going to be three times the cost. So if you have five, it'll be five cost. So if you have five, it'll be five cost. So if you have five, it'll be five times the cost. Which means I like to times the cost. Which means I like to times the cost. Which means I like to stay around maybe two to five agents stay around maybe two to five agents stay around maybe two to five agents max. You can keep them running parallel. max. You can keep them running parallel. max. You can keep them running parallel. Otherwise, you can use sub agents and Otherwise, you can use sub agents and Otherwise, you can use sub agents and make sure that you are shutting them make sure that you are shutting them make sure that you are shutting them down if you see them early on going off down if you see them early on going off down if you see them early on going off down the wrong path. Which is another down the wrong path. Which is another down the wrong path. Which is another reason why I think it's helpful to use reason why I think it's helpful to use reason why I think it's helpful to use the T-Mox version so you can actually the T-Mox version so you can actually the T-Mox version so you can actually see them in that split pane view. And see them in that split pane view. And see them in that split pane view. And when I say shutdown, which is kind of when I say shutdown, which is kind of when I say shutdown, which is kind of what we saw earlier, I just mean what we saw earlier, I just mean what we saw earlier, I just mean basically at the end of every session basically at the end of every session basically at the end of every session saving your work. Because remember right saving your work. Because remember right saving your work. Because remember right here how we saw the main session say, here how we saw the main session say, here how we saw the main session say, "Hey, this is a shutdown request." The "Hey, this is a shutdown request." The "Hey, this is a shutdown request." The researcher agent here could have said, researcher agent here could have said, researcher agent here could have said, "I'm not done yet. Let me save stuff. "I'm not done yet. Let me save stuff. "I'm not done yet. Let me save stuff. Don't shut me down yet." So when the Don't shut me down yet." So when the Don't shut me down yet." So when the teammates actually confirmed that teammates actually confirmed that teammates actually confirmed that they're ready to be shut down, that they're ready to be shut down, that they're ready to be shut down, that means that everything's good. And we can means that everything's good. And we can means that everything's good. And we can essentially cleanly save that work. So essentially cleanly save that work. So essentially cleanly save that work. So everything gets cleaned up and then everything gets cleaned up and then everything gets cleaned up and then we're good to close the session and shut we're good to close the session and shut we're good to close the session and shut down that agent team rather than just down that agent team rather than just down that agent team rather than just force killing it right away where things force killing it right away where things force killing it right away where things might be all out of control and not might be all out of control and not might be all out of control and not cleaned up yet. So when you give a tool as powerful as So when you give a tool as powerful as So when you give a tool as powerful as cloud code access to literally control a cloud code access to literally control a cloud code access to literally control a browser, if you think about it, you can browser, if you think about it, you can browser, if you think about it, you can actually automate anything, whether actually automate anything, whether actually automate anything, whether that's stress testing an app, that's stress testing an app, that's stress testing an app, downloading reports, or even playing a downloading reports, or even playing a downloading reports, or even playing a game like you guys saw in my other game like you guys saw in my other game like you guys saw in my other video. So today I walk through three use video. So today I walk through three use video. So today I walk through three use cases that you can use when you connect cases that you can use when you connect cases that you can use when you connect Playright CLI to cloud code to control Playright CLI to cloud code to control Playright CLI to cloud code to control your browser. The first one is having it your browser. The first one is having it your browser. The first one is having it actually QA a web app and finding bugs actually QA a web app and finding bugs actually QA a web app and finding bugs and then fixing them. The second one is and then fixing them. The second one is and then fixing them. The second one is searching for dentists and finding their searching for dentists and finding their searching for dentists and finding their contact information. And then the third contact information. And then the third contact information. And then the third one, a question that everyone's asking one, a question that everyone's asking one, a question that everyone's asking is can browser use actually control is can browser use actually control is can browser use actually control sessions where you need to be logged in. sessions where you need to be logged in. sessions where you need to be logged in. So I show off what I'm able to do in my So I show off what I'm able to do in my So I show off what I'm able to do in my school account. So I don't want to waste school account. So I don't want to waste school account. So I don't want to waste any time. Let's get straight into the any time. Let's get straight into the any time. Let's get straight into the video. All right. So I am in a fresh video. All right. So I am in a fresh video. All right. So I am in a fresh cloud code project. As you can see, I'm cloud code project. As you can see, I'm cloud code project. As you can see, I'm in a folder called browser automation in a folder called browser automation in a folder called browser automation demo, but there's nothing in here just demo, but there's nothing in here just demo, but there's nothing in here just so you guys can follow along with so you guys can follow along with so you guys can follow along with exactly what I'm doing. So, the first exactly what I'm doing. So, the first exactly what I'm doing. So, the first thing to do is install Playright CLI so thing to do is install Playright CLI so thing to do is install Playright CLI so that we can actually do some browser that we can actually do some browser that we can actually do some browser automation. So, I'm just going to go automation. So, I'm just going to go automation. So, I'm just going to go into plan mode and I'm going to say, into plan mode and I'm going to say, into plan mode and I'm going to say, hey, cloud code, I want to use Playright hey, cloud code, I want to use Playright hey, cloud code, I want to use Playright CLI in order to do some browser CLI in order to do some browser CLI in order to do some browser automation stuff. Whether that means automation stuff. Whether that means automation stuff. Whether that means testing out web apps or taking testing out web apps or taking testing out web apps or taking screenshots of things, whatever the screenshots of things, whatever the screenshots of things, whatever the case, I just need you to figure out how case, I just need you to figure out how case, I just need you to figure out how you can install this for me and then go you can install this for me and then go you can install this for me and then go ahead and build a plan and let's do it. ahead and build a plan and let's do it. ahead and build a plan and let's do it. So, I know I'm telling you guys to use So, I know I'm telling you guys to use So, I know I'm telling you guys to use Playright CLI, but this is literally Playright CLI, but this is literally Playright CLI, but this is literally what I did when I decided I wanted to what I did when I decided I wanted to what I did when I decided I wanted to try out some browser automations, except try out some browser automations, except try out some browser automations, except for I said, "Hey, I need you to research for I said, "Hey, I need you to research for I said, "Hey, I need you to research the different tools and the different the different tools and the different the different tools and the different pros and cons and help me figure out pros and cons and help me figure out pros and cons and help me figure out what I should do. I played around with what I should do. I played around with what I should do. I played around with Chrome DevTools for a little bit, but Chrome DevTools for a little bit, but Chrome DevTools for a little bit, but now I'm using Playright CLI." And one now I'm using Playright CLI." And one now I'm using Playright CLI." And one reason for that, while we're letting reason for that, while we're letting reason for that, while we're letting this load, is that if I do /context in this load, is that if I do /context in this load, is that if I do /context in here, you can see that the Chrome here, you can see that the Chrome here, you can see that the Chrome DevTools MCP takes up so many tokens DevTools MCP takes up so many tokens DevTools MCP takes up so many tokens because there's so many different tools because there's so many different tools because there's so many different tools and each tool has a description. So, and each tool has a description. So, and each tool has a description. So, that's why I was like, hm, maybe I don't that's why I was like, hm, maybe I don't that's why I was like, hm, maybe I don't want to use the MCP server. Let me just want to use the MCP server. Let me just want to use the MCP server. Let me just go ahead and try this Playright CLI and go ahead and try this Playright CLI and go ahead and try this Playright CLI and it works really well. All right, so the it works really well. All right, so the it works really well. All right, so the plan is done. We have an empty project. plan is done. We have an empty project. plan is done. We have an empty project. We're going to initialize the project, We're going to initialize the project, We're going to initialize the project, install Playright, create a demo script, install Playright, create a demo script, install Playright, create a demo script, test things out. I'm going to go ahead test things out. I'm going to go ahead test things out. I'm going to go ahead and accept this plan. And now I'll check and accept this plan. And now I'll check and accept this plan. And now I'll check in with you guys when that's done. All in with you guys when that's done. All in with you guys when that's done. All right, so you can see that it is done. right, so you can see that it is done. right, so you can see that it is done. It's been installed and then it also It's been installed and then it also It's been installed and then it also tried it out already. So it ran a script tried it out already. So it ran a script tried it out already. So it ran a script to open up this page and then screenshot to open up this page and then screenshot to open up this page and then screenshot it. And that got saved right here. So as it. And that got saved right here. So as it. And that got saved right here. So as you can see, it was able to do that. It you can see, it was able to do that. It you can see, it was able to do that. It was able to take a screenshot, which was able to take a screenshot, which was able to take a screenshot, which means that everything is working. So now means that everything is working. So now means that everything is working. So now that we have this initial stuff set up, that we have this initial stuff set up, that we have this initial stuff set up, I'm just going to go ahead and do a I'm just going to go ahead and do a I'm just going to go ahead and do a slashinit to basically just initialize slashinit to basically just initialize slashinit to basically just initialize the environment and give us a claw.mmd the environment and give us a claw.mmd the environment and give us a claw.mmd file. All right, so there are tons of file. All right, so there are tons of file. All right, so there are tons of great use cases when it comes to using a great use cases when it comes to using a great use cases when it comes to using a browser automation, whether that is browser automation, whether that is browser automation, whether that is looking through Amazon or applying to a looking through Amazon or applying to a looking through Amazon or applying to a ton of positions or, you know, ton of positions or, you know, ton of positions or, you know, downloading reports from websites that downloading reports from websites that downloading reports from websites that don't have an API. And what's awesome don't have an API. And what's awesome don't have an API. And what's awesome about this is it will build out these about this is it will build out these about this is it will build out these scripts that run the browser automation, scripts that run the browser automation, scripts that run the browser automation, right? And when you pair those custom right? And when you pair those custom right? And when you pair those custom scripts with a skill, it gets really scripts with a skill, it gets really scripts with a skill, it gets really powerful because then that process of powerful because then that process of powerful because then that process of opening up the browser and doing certain opening up the browser and doing certain opening up the browser and doing certain things becomes consistent and things becomes consistent and things becomes consistent and repeatable. But one thing that I think repeatable. But one thing that I think repeatable. But one thing that I think is really cool about browser automations is really cool about browser automations is really cool about browser automations is the ability to basically test things is the ability to basically test things is the ability to basically test things and automate QA. So an example I wanted and automate QA. So an example I wanted and automate QA. So an example I wanted to walk through with you guys is I'm to walk through with you guys is I'm to walk through with you guys is I'm going to use cloud code in here to build going to use cloud code in here to build going to use cloud code in here to build us a quick web app that's going to be us a quick web app that's going to be us a quick web app that's going to be like a multi-page form and I don't want like a multi-page form and I don't want like a multi-page form and I don't want to test it myself. I want to have it to test it myself. I want to have it to test it myself. I want to have it test it and then it has to find the test it and then it has to find the test it and then it has to find the bugs, find suggestions, and then fix bugs, find suggestions, and then fix bugs, find suggestions, and then fix itself. So, it's going to be us building itself. So, it's going to be us building itself. So, it's going to be us building a web app or a form and it's going to be a web app or a form and it's going to be a web app or a form and it's going to be like completely hands-off. That's the like completely hands-off. That's the like completely hands-off. That's the goal at least. So, let's hop into plan goal at least. So, let's hop into plan goal at least. So, let's hop into plan mode and let's get started. I need you mode and let's get started. I need you mode and let's get started. I need you to build me a form submission website. to build me a form submission website. to build me a form submission website. Now, I want this to basically be one Now, I want this to basically be one Now, I want this to basically be one page per question. So, as soon as I open page per question. So, as soon as I open page per question. So, as soon as I open up the page, it should ask me for my up the page, it should ask me for my up the page, it should ask me for my first name and then there should be a first name and then there should be a first name and then there should be a button that prompts me to hit enter. button that prompts me to hit enter. button that prompts me to hit enter. When I hit enter, I go to the next page. When I hit enter, I go to the next page. When I hit enter, I go to the next page. And then I have my last name. And then I And then I have my last name. And then I And then I have my last name. And then I have my phone number. And then I have my have my phone number. And then I have my have my phone number. And then I have my business. And I have maybe, let's just business. And I have maybe, let's just business. And I have maybe, let's just say, eight questions about me and kind say, eight questions about me and kind say, eight questions about me and kind of getting me onboarded into this, you of getting me onboarded into this, you of getting me onboarded into this, you know, fake business or whatever. I just know, fake business or whatever. I just know, fake business or whatever. I just want to do this to see and test the want to do this to see and test the want to do this to see and test the functionality of what you're able to functionality of what you're able to functionality of what you're able to build me here. Okay. So, that is phase build me here. Okay. So, that is phase build me here. Okay. So, that is phase one. Phase one, we're going to get an one. Phase one, we're going to get an one. Phase one, we're going to get an initial version of the website. And then initial version of the website. And then initial version of the website. And then before I even open it up and test it, before I even open it up and test it, before I even open it up and test it, we're going to go into plan mode again we're going to go into plan mode again we're going to go into plan mode again and see if just cloud code with the and see if just cloud code with the and see if just cloud code with the browser automation can test it, iterate, browser automation can test it, iterate, browser automation can test it, iterate, test it, iterate. Okay, here is our test it, iterate. Okay, here is our test it, iterate. Okay, here is our plan. Multi-page onboarding form. The plan. Multi-page onboarding form. The plan. Multi-page onboarding form. The user wants a polished multi-page user wants a polished multi-page user wants a polished multi-page onboarding form. We have the onboarding form. We have the onboarding form. We have the architecture. There's 12 total architecture. There's 12 total architecture. There's 12 total questions, which look good to me. We've questions, which look good to me. We've questions, which look good to me. We've got some files. It's going to make some got some files. It's going to make some got some files. It's going to make some implementation details here. And all of implementation details here. And all of implementation details here. And all of this looks good to me. So, we're going this looks good to me. So, we're going this looks good to me. So, we're going to go back into the main session and to go back into the main session and to go back into the main session and accept those changes. Okay, so that just accept those changes. Okay, so that just accept those changes. Okay, so that just finished up. We have the files have been finished up. We have the files have been finished up. We have the files have been created. We've got a server that this is created. We've got a server that this is created. We've got a server that this is running on. It's going to be on a local running on. It's going to be on a local running on. It's going to be on a local host. We also have 12 one per page host. We also have 12 one per page host. We also have 12 one per page questions. And what I noticed it doing questions. And what I noticed it doing questions. And what I noticed it doing is it was taking screenshots and I is it was taking screenshots and I is it was taking screenshots and I didn't even tell it to. So, if I open up didn't even tell it to. So, if I open up didn't even tell it to. So, if I open up screenshots, you can see we now have screenshots, you can see we now have screenshots, you can see we now have these pictures. So, let me just look at these pictures. So, let me just look at these pictures. So, let me just look at these. We've got number one, which is these. We've got number one, which is these. We've got number one, which is what is your first name? Number two, what is your first name? Number two, what is your first name? Number two, last name, best phone number to reach last name, best phone number to reach last name, best phone number to reach you at. There's even, if you can see, you at. There's even, if you can see, you at. There's even, if you can see, there's like one of those scroll bars at there's like one of those scroll bars at there's like one of those scroll bars at the top where it's like showing, you the top where it's like showing, you the top where it's like showing, you know, how many questions in they are. know, how many questions in they are. know, how many questions in they are. So, for a oneshot prompt and the fact So, for a oneshot prompt and the fact So, for a oneshot prompt and the fact that it's already flipping through and that it's already flipping through and that it's already flipping through and taking screenshots, I'm pretty taking screenshots, I'm pretty taking screenshots, I'm pretty impressed. But, we have to see how it's impressed. But, we have to see how it's impressed. But, we have to see how it's able to actually test it out. So, now able to actually test it out. So, now able to actually test it out. So, now I'm going to go back into plan mode and I'm going to go back into plan mode and I'm going to go back into plan mode and I'm going to say, "Yep, absolutely. Spin I'm going to say, "Yep, absolutely. Spin I'm going to say, "Yep, absolutely. Spin up a server so that you can actually run up a server so that you can actually run up a server so that you can actually run this." And then what I want you to do is this." And then what I want you to do is this." And then what I want you to do is use your browser use and test it out. So use your browser use and test it out. So use your browser use and test it out. So fill in the fields, click through, and fill in the fields, click through, and fill in the fields, click through, and if there's any bugs or if there's if there's any bugs or if there's if there's any bugs or if there's anything wrong with the functionality of anything wrong with the functionality of anything wrong with the functionality of the site, make note so that you can go the site, make note so that you can go the site, make note so that you can go ahead and fix the actual site itself. ahead and fix the actual site itself. ahead and fix the actual site itself. And I also want you to do this in a And I also want you to do this in a And I also want you to do this in a headed browser so that I can watch headed browser so that I can watch headed browser so that I can watch what's going on. So I'm going to shoot what's going on. So I'm going to shoot what's going on. So I'm going to shoot that off. It's going to make a plan. But that off. It's going to make a plan. But that off. It's going to make a plan. But that is one important distinction. By that is one important distinction. By that is one important distinction. By default, you could say, hey, I always default, you could say, hey, I always default, you could say, hey, I always want you to run playright in a headed want you to run playright in a headed want you to run playright in a headed browser. But there is headed or browser. But there is headed or browser. But there is headed or headless, meaning it could be running headless, meaning it could be running headless, meaning it could be running this headless where it wouldn't show us this headless where it wouldn't show us this headless where it wouldn't show us on screen, but it is still running on on screen, but it is still running on on screen, but it is still running on its own tab and clicking through things. its own tab and clicking through things. its own tab and clicking through things. Okay, here is the QA pass. The headed Okay, here is the QA pass. The headed Okay, here is the QA pass. The headed browser testing, I'm not going to read browser testing, I'm not going to read browser testing, I'm not going to read this. I think that this is pretty clear this. I think that this is pretty clear this. I think that this is pretty clear of what we want. I'm going to go ahead of what we want. I'm going to go ahead of what we want. I'm going to go ahead and accept it. So, what happens is for and accept it. So, what happens is for and accept it. So, what happens is for every kind of like bot that we want to every kind of like bot that we want to every kind of like bot that we want to run, it has to write its own script. So, run, it has to write its own script. So, run, it has to write its own script. So, I believe that this is this one that I believe that this is this one that I believe that this is this one that it's writing, which is the test it's writing, which is the test it's writing, which is the test onboarding.js. onboarding.js. onboarding.js. And this is basically what instructs the And this is basically what instructs the And this is basically what instructs the bot on what to do. And then when we bot on what to do. And then when we bot on what to do. And then when we wanted to turn this into a skill, which wanted to turn this into a skill, which wanted to turn this into a skill, which is basically like QAing our website, we is basically like QAing our website, we is basically like QAing our website, we would say, okay, when you want to QA, would say, okay, when you want to QA, would say, okay, when you want to QA, then you run the bot and then you take then you run the bot and then you take then you run the bot and then you take the feedback from the bot and then you the feedback from the bot and then you the feedback from the bot and then you make changes and then you run the bot make changes and then you run the bot make changes and then you run the bot again. And so that's how we can turn again. And so that's how we can turn again. And so that's how we can turn kind of like all of these different kind of like all of these different kind of like all of these different pieces into an actual process. Okay. pieces into an actual process. Okay. pieces into an actual process. Okay. Also, that wasn't even the script. The Also, that wasn't even the script. The Also, that wasn't even the script. The script that it's writing for this is QA- script that it's writing for this is QA- script that it's writing for this is QA- test. So now you see what I mean. Okay. test. So now you see what I mean. Okay. test. So now you see what I mean. Okay. So the window just popped up. I'm going So the window just popped up. I'm going So the window just popped up. I'm going to move it into view and we should be to move it into view and we should be to move it into view and we should be able to watch it fill in. It's did it able to watch it fill in. It's did it able to watch it fill in. It's did it did Nathan. Okay, it went backwards. Now did Nathan. Okay, it went backwards. Now did Nathan. Okay, it went backwards. Now it's on the second one. Nathan Harrison it's on the second one. Nathan Harrison it's on the second one. Nathan Harrison filling in a phone number. It's filling in a phone number. It's filling in a phone number. It's continuing to click through. Harrison continuing to click through. Harrison continuing to click through. Harrison Tech. We've got a email. We've got Tech. We've got a email. We've got Tech. We've got a email. We've got founder and CEO. It shows a company founder and CEO. It shows a company founder and CEO. It shows a company size. Look from a drop down. Okay. size. Look from a drop down. Okay. size. Look from a drop down. Okay. Technology referral. Primary goal. Technology referral. Primary goal. Technology referral. Primary goal. Website. Continue. And anything else? Website. Continue. And anything else? Website. Continue. And anything else? Okay. It looks like it's having a little Okay. It looks like it's having a little Okay. It looks like it's having a little bit of trouble here now. It keeps kind bit of trouble here now. It keeps kind bit of trouble here now. It keeps kind of glitching out. But once again, I'm of glitching out. But once again, I'm of glitching out. But once again, I'm not going to stop it. I'm going to let not going to stop it. I'm going to let not going to stop it. I'm going to let it figure out what it needs to do. Okay. it figure out what it needs to do. Okay. it figure out what it needs to do. Okay. So it just shut down and now it said So it just shut down and now it said So it just shut down and now it said okay found some issues. Let me review okay found some issues. Let me review okay found some issues. Let me review the screenshots to understand what the screenshots to understand what the screenshots to understand what happened. So what you guys didn't notice happened. So what you guys didn't notice happened. So what you guys didn't notice is that in there it took more is that in there it took more is that in there it took more screenshots. So we can see now we have screenshots. So we can see now we have screenshots. So we can see now we have QA and we have all of these screenshots QA and we have all of these screenshots QA and we have all of these screenshots that it took during that test. So it that it took during that test. So it that it took during that test. So it says okay the UI looks polished. That's says okay the UI looks polished. That's says okay the UI looks polished. That's great. It did look really good. But the great. It did look really good. But the great. It did look really good. But the first bug is that enter on text area first bug is that enter on text area first bug is that enter on text area didn't advance to review. It stayed on didn't advance to review. It stayed on didn't advance to review. It stayed on the notes page. The second bug is that the notes page. The second bug is that the notes page. The second bug is that the review page never loaded. The test the review page never loaded. The test the review page never loaded. The test found zero review items and the edit found zero review items and the edit found zero review items and the edit button was intercepted by a stale page button was intercepted by a stale page button was intercepted by a stale page overlay. And now it was able to use that overlay. And now it was able to use that overlay. And now it was able to use that feedback to fix the actual bugs in the feedback to fix the actual bugs in the feedback to fix the actual bugs in the site itself. And this is just really site itself. And this is just really site itself. And this is just really cool because if you've ever built cool because if you've ever built cool because if you've ever built software or websites or apps or software or websites or apps or software or websites or apps or whatever, there are so many bugs and you whatever, there are so many bugs and you whatever, there are so many bugs and you don't always find them until it's maybe don't always find them until it's maybe don't always find them until it's maybe too late or maybe a customer found it. too late or maybe a customer found it. too late or maybe a customer found it. So, the fact that you can automate QA by So, the fact that you can automate QA by So, the fact that you can automate QA by having multiple different headed having multiple different headed having multiple different headed browsers or even headless browsers spin browsers or even headless browsers spin browsers or even headless browsers spin up and you can say, "Hey, you test for up and you can say, "Hey, you test for up and you can say, "Hey, you test for X, you test for Y, you test for Z," and X, you test for Y, you test for Z," and X, you test for Y, you test for Z," and just have them running and fixing and just have them running and fixing and just have them running and fixing and running and fixing is a complete game running and fixing is a complete game running and fixing is a complete game changer. And now, without me even changer. And now, without me even changer. And now, without me even asking, it says, "Okay, I'm going to asking, it says, "Okay, I'm going to asking, it says, "Okay, I'm going to start the server and I'm going to rerun start the server and I'm going to rerun start the server and I'm going to rerun the test." So, we're basically getting the test." So, we're basically getting the test." So, we're basically getting it stuck in this loop of testing, it stuck in this loop of testing, it stuck in this loop of testing, validating, testing, validating, and you validating, testing, validating, and you validating, testing, validating, and you know, it's really, really cool. So, I know, it's really, really cool. So, I know, it's really, really cool. So, I think it's doing another quick test just think it's doing another quick test just think it's doing another quick test just to see um if it truly is good. But, okay, nice. So, second test went all the okay, nice. So, second test went all the okay, nice. So, second test went all the way through and now it should be way through and now it should be way through and now it should be shutting down and telling us what it shutting down and telling us what it shutting down and telling us what it learned. As you can see, it just shut learned. As you can see, it just shut learned. As you can see, it just shut down. So, now you can see it has finally down. So, now you can see it has finally down. So, now you can see it has finally passed the tests and it goes ahead and passed the tests and it goes ahead and passed the tests and it goes ahead and ends the process because now the server ends the process because now the server ends the process because now the server is good. So, like I said, the next step is good. So, like I said, the next step is good. So, like I said, the next step from there would be to turn that into a from there would be to turn that into a from there would be to turn that into a skill. But what else can we do with skill. But what else can we do with skill. But what else can we do with browser automations? Because they're browser automations? Because they're browser automations? Because they're definitely not perfect, right? So, let's definitely not perfect, right? So, let's definitely not perfect, right? So, let's say we wanted to do something on the say we wanted to do something on the say we wanted to do something on the web. Let's say we wanted it to just be web. Let's say we wanted it to just be web. Let's say we wanted it to just be able to go to Google, search for, I able to go to Google, search for, I able to go to Google, search for, I don't know, let's just say dentists, and don't know, let's just say dentists, and don't know, let's just say dentists, and maybe capture like some phone numbers. maybe capture like some phone numbers. maybe capture like some phone numbers. All right, here is our plan. Build a All right, here is our plan. Build a All right, here is our plan. Build a Playright script that automates Google Playright script that automates Google Playright script that automates Google search to find dentist offices in search to find dentist offices in search to find dentist offices in California. We will basically launch the California. We will basically launch the California. We will basically launch the browser, do the Google search, collect browser, do the Google search, collect browser, do the Google search, collect the links, visit each site, and print a the links, visit each site, and print a the links, visit each site, and print a summary. So, that looks good to me. summary. So, that looks good to me. summary. So, that looks good to me. We're going to go ahead and shoot this We're going to go ahead and shoot this We're going to go ahead and shoot this off and hopefully it's going to be off and hopefully it's going to be off and hopefully it's going to be decent on the first try. I'm going to decent on the first try. I'm going to decent on the first try. I'm going to tell you guys right now it's probably tell you guys right now it's probably tell you guys right now it's probably not. But what's going to happen is we're not. But what's going to happen is we're not. But what's going to happen is we're going to have it learn. So, it's going going to have it learn. So, it's going going to have it learn. So, it's going to open up the browser. It's going to to open up the browser. It's going to to open up the browser. It's going to fail and we're going to say, "Okay, keep fail and we're going to say, "Okay, keep fail and we're going to say, "Okay, keep learning. Keep updating the script and learning. Keep updating the script and learning. Keep updating the script and don't stop until you're done." I don't stop until you're done." I don't stop until you're done." I literally stepped away to go get water. literally stepped away to go get water. literally stepped away to go get water. And it actually I came back and I saw a And it actually I came back and I saw a And it actually I came back and I saw a browser open with some dentist offices browser open with some dentist offices browser open with some dentist offices up. Wow. So, it visited all five sites up. Wow. So, it visited all five sites up. Wow. So, it visited all five sites and it was able to find some phone and it was able to find some phone and it was able to find some phone numbers. Now, that's really cool because numbers. Now, that's really cool because numbers. Now, that's really cool because it actually learned while it was going it actually learned while it was going it actually learned while it was going and it said that Google blocked the and it said that Google blocked the and it said that Google blocked the automation. So, it switched to duck.go. automation. So, it switched to duck.go. automation. So, it switched to duck.go. So, I told it this time, don't stop So, I told it this time, don't stop So, I told it this time, don't stop until it actually finds five phone until it actually finds five phone until it actually finds five phone numbers. So, it's going to be a little numbers. So, it's going to be a little numbers. So, it's going to be a little bit more aggressive. And this time, I'm bit more aggressive. And this time, I'm bit more aggressive. And this time, I'm actually here to watch it. Okay, so here we are. It just searched Okay, so here we are. It just searched Okay, so here we are. It just searched for dentist office LA. You can see for dentist office LA. You can see for dentist office LA. You can see there's a phone number. I just saw one there's a phone number. I just saw one there's a phone number. I just saw one on screen, so it probably grabbed that on screen, so it probably grabbed that on screen, so it probably grabbed that screenshot. I see another one on this screenshot. I see another one on this screenshot. I see another one on this page. So, it's getting pretty lucky page. So, it's getting pretty lucky page. So, it's getting pretty lucky here. It's finding the phone numbers here. It's finding the phone numbers here. It's finding the phone numbers pretty quick. But what I just noticed is pretty quick. But what I just noticed is pretty quick. But what I just noticed is it's still going to the site and it's it's still going to the site and it's it's still going to the site and it's still clicking on the contact button. still clicking on the contact button. still clicking on the contact button. Even though the phone number was up in Even though the phone number was up in Even though the phone number was up in the top right visible, it still clicked the top right visible, it still clicked the top right visible, it still clicked on the contact button, which I thought on the contact button, which I thought on the contact button, which I thought is pretty cool. So, this time it got all is pretty cool. So, this time it got all is pretty cool. So, this time it got all these phone numbers for these dental these phone numbers for these dental these phone numbers for these dental offices. So, naturally, the next offices. So, naturally, the next offices. So, naturally, the next question that I'm sure you guys have is question that I'm sure you guys have is question that I'm sure you guys have is how could it work on, you know, things how could it work on, you know, things how could it work on, you know, things that I'm already logged into? So, let's that I'm already logged into? So, let's that I'm already logged into? So, let's just find out. So, I'm going to go to just find out. So, I'm going to go to just find out. So, I'm going to go to plan mode and just ask it what would plan mode and just ask it what would plan mode and just ask it what would happen. So, there are a couple of happen. So, there are a couple of happen. So, there are a couple of approaches. We could do persistent approaches. We could do persistent approaches. We could do persistent browser profile, meaning it can launch a browser profile, meaning it can launch a browser profile, meaning it can launch a browser using my existing Chrome user browser using my existing Chrome user browser using my existing Chrome user data, which already has me logged into data, which already has me logged into data, which already has me logged into school. We could do manual login and school. We could do manual login and school. We could do manual login and handoff in headed mode, or we could handoff in headed mode, or we could handoff in headed mode, or we could connect to a running browser. Okay, so connect to a running browser. Okay, so connect to a running browser. Okay, so that's pretty cool. It could open up the that's pretty cool. It could open up the that's pretty cool. It could open up the browser. I could sign in and then I browser. I could sign in and then I browser. I could sign in and then I could just basically keep that signed in could just basically keep that signed in could just basically keep that signed in and have it do whatever it needs to do. and have it do whatever it needs to do. and have it do whatever it needs to do. But I do want to try option one, which But I do want to try option one, which But I do want to try option one, which it recommended in the first place. Okay, it recommended in the first place. Okay, it recommended in the first place. Okay, so we have the plan which is going to go so we have the plan which is going to go so we have the plan which is going to go into my school community. It's going to into my school community. It's going to into my school community. It's going to go to the win channel and it's going to go to the win channel and it's going to go to the win channel and it's going to like those posts. So we've got the like those posts. So we've got the like those posts. So we've got the context, the approach. Obviously you context, the approach. Obviously you context, the approach. Obviously you guys know what these plans look like. guys know what these plans look like. guys know what these plans look like. Let's just see what it did on this first Let's just see what it did on this first Let's just see what it did on this first try and I'm going to go ahead and try and I'm going to go ahead and try and I'm going to go ahead and accept. Okay, so apparently when it runs accept. Okay, so apparently when it runs accept. Okay, so apparently when it runs this, I'm going to have to log in this, I'm going to have to log in this, I'm going to have to log in manually the first time, but then in the manually the first time, but then in the manually the first time, but then in the future it will basically save that future it will basically save that future it will basically save that session. So let's see how that works. session. So let's see how that works. session. So let's see how that works. All right, it opened up school.com. All right, it opened up school.com. All right, it opened up school.com. Okay, it opened up school.com. Okay, it opened up school.com. Okay, it opened up school.com. Okay, so what just happened is it opened Okay, so what just happened is it opened Okay, so what just happened is it opened it up and then it closed it and then it it up and then it closed it and then it it up and then it closed it and then it opened it up and it went to my community opened it up and it went to my community opened it up and it went to my community and closed it and now I think it's and closed it and now I think it's and closed it and now I think it's actually going to let me log in. So let actually going to let me log in. So let actually going to let me log in. So let me try that real quick. Okay, so I me try that real quick. Okay, so I me try that real quick. Okay, so I logged in and then the browser shut logged in and then the browser shut logged in and then the browser shut down. So now I said, "Okay, cool. I down. So now I said, "Okay, cool. I down. So now I said, "Okay, cool. I logged in." Hopefully now when it logged in." Hopefully now when it logged in." Hopefully now when it launches up this browser, it already has launches up this browser, it already has launches up this browser, it already has me logged in. Okay, so there it is. me logged in. Okay, so there it is. me logged in. Okay, so there it is. Nice. You can see that I am already Nice. You can see that I am already Nice. You can see that I am already logged in, which is great. Okay, so it's logged in, which is great. Okay, so it's logged in, which is great. Okay, so it's trying to find the wins channel. It trying to find the wins channel. It trying to find the wins channel. It looks like it found it. All of these looks like it found it. All of these looks like it found it. All of these look like they are wins. Now let's see look like they are wins. Now let's see look like they are wins. Now let's see what it's able to do here. If it's Oh, I what it's able to do here. If it's Oh, I what it's able to do here. If it's Oh, I just saw it try to like the post. Okay, just saw it try to like the post. Okay, just saw it try to like the post. Okay, it just liked that one. it just liked that one. it just liked that one. Interesting. So, it's like liking them Interesting. So, it's like liking them Interesting. So, it's like liking them and unliking them. So, that's one thing and unliking them. So, that's one thing and unliking them. So, that's one thing we're going to have to fix. But, it is we're going to have to fix. But, it is we're going to have to fix. But, it is scrolling down. It got to the wins scrolling down. It got to the wins scrolling down. It got to the wins channel and it is now trying to like channel and it is now trying to like channel and it is now trying to like post, but as you guys can see, it's not post, but as you guys can see, it's not post, but as you guys can see, it's not perfect. So, I hope that it's able to perfect. So, I hope that it's able to perfect. So, I hope that it's able to realize that it's not really liking realize that it's not really liking realize that it's not really liking them. Yeah, it's basically going like, them. Yeah, it's basically going like, them. Yeah, it's basically going like, unlike like unlike, and it also just unlike like unlike, and it also just unlike like unlike, and it also just said liking too fast. So, let's see if said liking too fast. So, let's see if said liking too fast. So, let's see if it's able to learn. Okay, there we go. it's able to learn. Okay, there we go. it's able to learn. Okay, there we go. All right. All right. So, what I'm going All right. All right. So, what I'm going All right. All right. So, what I'm going to do at this point is, you know, I've to do at this point is, you know, I've to do at this point is, you know, I've seen enough. I'm going to shut this seen enough. I'm going to shut this seen enough. I'm going to shut this down. And hopefully, it's able to use down. And hopefully, it's able to use down. And hopefully, it's able to use that feedback to get better. So, the that feedback to get better. So, the that feedback to get better. So, the login persisted. It found the wins login persisted. It found the wins login persisted. It found the wins channel. It even found the heart-shaped channel. It even found the heart-shaped channel. It even found the heart-shaped SVG buttons, but it crashed during the SVG buttons, but it crashed during the SVG buttons, but it crashed during the page evaluate for liking. So, it's seen page evaluate for liking. So, it's seen page evaluate for liking. So, it's seen all that and now it's going to make the all that and now it's going to make the all that and now it's going to make the script even better. So, I will say with script even better. So, I will say with script even better. So, I will say with browser automations, I think that this browser automations, I think that this browser automations, I think that this is completely normal, which is why I had is completely normal, which is why I had is completely normal, which is why I had a little bit of doubt earlier in the a little bit of doubt earlier in the a little bit of doubt earlier in the dentist example, but literally every dentist example, but literally every dentist example, but literally every time that you use the script, it's going time that you use the script, it's going time that you use the script, it's going to get better. So, it's about to run it to get better. So, it's about to run it to get better. So, it's about to run it again. Let's see how it does. This time, again. Let's see how it does. This time, again. Let's see how it does. This time, it was able to just find the wins it was able to just find the wins it was able to just find the wins channel. Now, one thing I might want to channel. Now, one thing I might want to channel. Now, one thing I might want to tell it is I might want to sort it from tell it is I might want to sort it from tell it is I might want to sort it from newest posts rather than just going newest posts rather than just going newest posts rather than just going straight to the winds channel. And it straight to the winds channel. And it straight to the winds channel. And it went ahead and shut down again. So, it's went ahead and shut down again. So, it's went ahead and shut down again. So, it's continuously trying to learn and get continuously trying to learn and get continuously trying to learn and get better at this script. I'm actually better at this script. I'm actually better at this script. I'm actually going to stop this and I'm going to try going to stop this and I'm going to try going to stop this and I'm going to try to course correct it a little bit. So, to course correct it a little bit. So, to course correct it a little bit. So, I'm going to go into plan mode. I'm I'm going to go into plan mode. I'm I'm going to go into plan mode. I'm going to say, going to say, going to say, so a couple issues from the first couple so a couple issues from the first couple so a couple issues from the first couple runs. The first thing is that it was runs. The first thing is that it was runs. The first thing is that it was hitting the like button like four times. hitting the like button like four times. hitting the like button like four times. So, it ended up not even liking the So, it ended up not even liking the So, it ended up not even liking the post. The second thing is once you post. The second thing is once you post. The second thing is once you switch to the wins channel, try to switch to the wins channel, try to switch to the wins channel, try to filter the posts by newest. So, there's filter the posts by newest. So, there's filter the posts by newest. So, there's a little kind of sandwich bar menu a little kind of sandwich bar menu a little kind of sandwich bar menu option near the channel filter. And that option near the channel filter. And that option near the channel filter. And that will allow you to change the view to will allow you to change the view to will allow you to change the view to newest. And then you can go through and newest. And then you can go through and newest. And then you can go through and make sure that all of the posts are make sure that all of the posts are make sure that all of the posts are liked. You can tell that they are liked liked. You can tell that they are liked liked. You can tell that they are liked because the thumbs up icon on the post because the thumbs up icon on the post because the thumbs up icon on the post will be yellow rather than gray. will be yellow rather than gray. will be yellow rather than gray. All right. So, we got the browser open. Nice. It was just able to switch to Nice. It was just able to switch to Nice. It was just able to switch to newest. newest. newest. And now it's going through and liking. It skipped over that one because it It skipped over that one because it It skipped over that one because it already liked it. Yeah, this is awesome. This seems to be Yeah, this is awesome. This seems to be Yeah, this is awesome. This seems to be doing the trick. doing the trick. doing the trick. It's liking my own posts, which is a It's liking my own posts, which is a It's liking my own posts, which is a little bit eh, but besides that, it's little bit eh, but besides that, it's little bit eh, but besides that, it's actually working. And it's skipping over actually working. And it's skipping over actually working. And it's skipping over the ones that are already yellow, which the ones that are already yellow, which the ones that are already yellow, which is great. It even just went to the next is great. It even just went to the next is great. It even just went to the next page, and it's still liking. So, this page, and it's still liking. So, this page, and it's still liking. So, this would go through and like every single would go through and like every single would go through and like every single post in the wins channel. So, I'm going post in the wins channel. So, I'm going post in the wins channel. So, I'm going to shut that down now just because I to shut that down now just because I to shut that down now just because I don't want it to go ahead and do all don't want it to go ahead and do all don't want it to go ahead and do all that right now. But, that worked and it that right now. But, that worked and it that right now. But, that worked and it took what, maybe four or five took what, maybe four or five took what, maybe four or five iterations. And now what I would do is I iterations. And now what I would do is I iterations. And now what I would do is I would build a skill out of that. So, I would build a skill out of that. So, I would build a skill out of that. So, I could just say, "Hey, run the school could just say, "Hey, run the school could just say, "Hey, run the school like skill." So anyways, I know that like skill." So anyways, I know that like skill." So anyways, I know that that was kind of a simple use case, but that was kind of a simple use case, but that was kind of a simple use case, but the point I was trying to prove is that the point I was trying to prove is that the point I was trying to prove is that yes, you can automate stuff in areas yes, you can automate stuff in areas yes, you can automate stuff in areas where you need to be logged in. And also where you need to be logged in. And also where you need to be logged in. And also like school is one of the least like school is one of the least like school is one of the least automation friendly platforms ever. So automation friendly platforms ever. So automation friendly platforms ever. So there's so much stuff that I do in there there's so much stuff that I do in there there's so much stuff that I do in there that's very repetitive. And now I could that's very repetitive. And now I could that's very repetitive. And now I could build out different bots and different build out different bots and different build out different bots and different scripts and skills in order to help me scripts and skills in order to help me scripts and skills in order to help me manage some of that, you know, manage some of that, you know, manage some of that, you know, repetitive stuff. Creating pages, repetitive stuff. Creating pages, repetitive stuff. Creating pages, switching up links, reorganizing the switching up links, reorganizing the switching up links, reorganizing the community, stuff like that. community, stuff like that. community, stuff like that. All right, so we're really flying All right, so we're really flying All right, so we're really flying through this course. Unfortunately, now through this course. Unfortunately, now through this course. Unfortunately, now we have to talk about some stuff that we have to talk about some stuff that we have to talk about some stuff that might not seem as fun. So, we're about might not seem as fun. So, we're about might not seem as fun. So, we're about to hop into some things that are a to hop into some things that are a to hop into some things that are a little bit more complex. Like I said, little bit more complex. Like I said, little bit more complex. Like I said, kind of boring, but really important to kind of boring, but really important to kind of boring, but really important to understand. So, we're going to get into understand. So, we're going to get into understand. So, we're going to get into some stuff with permissions, context some stuff with permissions, context some stuff with permissions, context management, GitHub, and work trees. management, GitHub, and work trees. management, GitHub, and work trees. Okay, welcome back to the fun stuff, the Okay, welcome back to the fun stuff, the Okay, welcome back to the fun stuff, the slides. You guys can obviously tell I slides. You guys can obviously tell I slides. You guys can obviously tell I enjoy the slides because I'm sitting enjoy the slides because I'm sitting enjoy the slides because I'm sitting down and normally I am standing up. So, down and normally I am standing up. So, down and normally I am standing up. So, let's get into it. So, we're going to let's get into it. So, we're going to let's get into it. So, we're going to talk about context management a little talk about context management a little talk about context management a little bit and then some GitHub stuff and some bit and then some GitHub stuff and some bit and then some GitHub stuff and some Git work trees stuff. So, we've talked Git work trees stuff. So, we've talked Git work trees stuff. So, we've talked about context management a lot. We've about context management a lot. We've about context management a lot. We've talked about cloudmd files a lot, but we talked about cloudmd files a lot, but we talked about cloudmd files a lot, but we haven't really spent a lot of time on haven't really spent a lot of time on haven't really spent a lot of time on like strategies to basically make sure like strategies to basically make sure like strategies to basically make sure that the window doesn't fill up super that the window doesn't fill up super that the window doesn't fill up super quick and that we keep the quality of quick and that we keep the quality of quick and that we keep the quality of our executive assistant high or the our executive assistant high or the our executive assistant high or the quality of our project high. So, let's quality of our project high. So, let's quality of our project high. So, let's get on into this one. The first tip, of get on into this one. The first tip, of get on into this one. The first tip, of course, is cloudmd. keep it lean and course, is cloudmd. keep it lean and course, is cloudmd. keep it lean and focused because it is injected at the focused because it is injected at the focused because it is injected at the beginning of every conversation. This is beginning of every conversation. This is beginning of every conversation. This is really really really important like really really really important like really really really important like this. Cutting down your clawb file from this. Cutting down your clawb file from this. Cutting down your clawb file from a couple hundred lines, you know, 5 6 a couple hundred lines, you know, 5 6 a couple hundred lines, you know, 5 6 700 to 100 will make a huge difference 700 to 100 will make a huge difference 700 to 100 will make a huge difference right off the bat. So what you do is you right off the bat. So what you do is you right off the bat. So what you do is you treat this as the never forget rules. treat this as the never forget rules. treat this as the never forget rules. You treat this as the source of truth You treat this as the source of truth You treat this as the source of truth that Claude Code needs to know every that Claude Code needs to know every that Claude Code needs to know every single time before it messages you single time before it messages you single time before it messages you because there's a lot of things that it because there's a lot of things that it because there's a lot of things that it it's nice to have but you don't need to it's nice to have but you don't need to it's nice to have but you don't need to have. So all of your detailed reference have. So all of your detailed reference have. So all of your detailed reference docs that are usually the nice to haves, docs that are usually the nice to haves, docs that are usually the nice to haves, put those somewhere else. As long as put those somewhere else. As long as put those somewhere else. As long as Claude Code knows where to find them, Claude Code knows where to find them, Claude Code knows where to find them, you're set. So you're set. So you're set. So this was the example of my executive this was the example of my executive this was the example of my executive assistant, right? You are Nate's assistant, right? You are Nate's assistant, right? You are Nate's executive assistant. here are full executive assistant. here are full executive assistant. here are full details about me or my work or my team details about me or my work or my team details about me or my work or my team or my current priorities. That's one or my current priorities. That's one or my current priorities. That's one example. You could also do things like example. You could also do things like example. You could also do things like this. So, you have the Google Workspace this. So, you have the Google Workspace this. So, you have the Google Workspace CLI. You're authenticated as Nate. Um, CLI. You're authenticated as Nate. Um, CLI. You're authenticated as Nate. Um, now if you need actual information about now if you need actual information about now if you need actual information about how to use this, then just look up this how to use this, then just look up this how to use this, then just look up this doc. So, if you can't do it on your own doc. So, if you can't do it on your own doc. So, if you can't do it on your own and you're running into issues, then you and you're running into issues, then you and you're running into issues, then you know, you can go right here in the know, you can go right here in the know, you can go right here in the references folder to a markdown file references folder to a markdown file references folder to a markdown file called GWS CLI reference and you can called GWS CLI reference and you can called GWS CLI reference and you can find all the other operations that you find all the other operations that you find all the other operations that you need. So super simple. You do the same need. So super simple. You do the same need. So super simple. You do the same thing with your skills. You do the same thing with your skills. You do the same thing with your skills. You do the same thing with other rules, stuff like that. thing with other rules, stuff like that. thing with other rules, stuff like that. The next one is to use slashclear and The next one is to use slashclear and The next one is to use slashclear and slash compact strategically. So we've slash compact strategically. So we've slash compact strategically. So we've talked about this before, right? So use talked about this before, right? So use talked about this before, right? So use slashclear to wipe history after big slashclear to wipe history after big slashclear to wipe history after big tasks or if you're completely switching tasks or if you're completely switching tasks or if you're completely switching topics, but before you clear, what you topics, but before you clear, what you topics, but before you clear, what you can do is you can make handoff docs. So can do is you can make handoff docs. So can do is you can make handoff docs. So you can literally have it, this is you can literally have it, this is you can literally have it, this is essentially compacting, create a doc essentially compacting, create a doc essentially compacting, create a doc about what you were working on, whether about what you were working on, whether about what you were working on, whether that's going to be just for the short that's going to be just for the short that's going to be just for the short term, a temporary file or if it's going term, a temporary file or if it's going term, a temporary file or if it's going to be a long-term memory file and then to be a long-term memory file and then to be a long-term memory file and then when you move over to a new session, when you move over to a new session, when you move over to a new session, it's almost like you didn't even really it's almost like you didn't even really it's almost like you didn't even really move to a new session because all the move to a new session because all the move to a new session because all the information is right there, which is information is right there, which is information is right there, which is basically what compacting is, right? It basically what compacting is, right? It basically what compacting is, right? It summarizes and retains the essential summarizes and retains the essential summarizes and retains the essential information midsession so that you can information midsession so that you can information midsession so that you can keep certain items and you can keep keep certain items and you can keep keep certain items and you can keep certain conversation history. certain conversation history. certain conversation history. The other thing is to visualize your The other thing is to visualize your The other thing is to visualize your context a lot. So slashcontext really context a lot. So slashcontext really context a lot. So slashcontext really powerful tool. I've showed that a few powerful tool. I've showed that a few powerful tool. I've showed that a few times and you can see what's eating up times and you can see what's eating up times and you can see what's eating up tokens. And one thing that I realized tokens. And one thing that I realized tokens. And one thing that I realized when I was doing this is that MCP when I was doing this is that MCP when I was doing this is that MCP servers take up so many tokens and servers take up so many tokens and servers take up so many tokens and sometimes it's just not worth it. So I sometimes it's just not worth it. So I sometimes it's just not worth it. So I think that's another tip that I have on think that's another tip that I have on think that's another tip that I have on this slide, next slide. So I won't dive this slide, next slide. So I won't dive this slide, next slide. So I won't dive into that too much, but this allows you into that too much, but this allows you into that too much, but this allows you to identify waste and delete things that to identify waste and delete things that to identify waste and delete things that you're not using. If you got something you're not using. If you got something you're not using. If you got something in your context of that project that's in your context of that project that's in your context of that project that's taking up, I don't know, let's just say taking up, I don't know, let's just say taking up, I don't know, let's just say a percent or two of context every every a percent or two of context every every a percent or two of context every every time, get rid of it. if unless you're time, get rid of it. if unless you're time, get rid of it. if unless you're using it, right? Like it's the same using it, right? Like it's the same using it, right? Like it's the same thing of looking at your budget, like thing of looking at your budget, like thing of looking at your budget, like what's coming out of your account every what's coming out of your account every what's coming out of your account every month. What subscriptions? If you're not month. What subscriptions? If you're not month. What subscriptions? If you're not using the subscription, don't keep using the subscription, don't keep using the subscription, don't keep paying for it. Get rid of it. So, this paying for it. Get rid of it. So, this paying for it. Get rid of it. So, this is what it would look like, right? You is what it would look like, right? You is what it would look like, right? You do slashcontext. You can see everything do slashcontext. You can see everything do slashcontext. You can see everything takes up tokens. You can see in this takes up tokens. You can see in this takes up tokens. You can see in this project when I have a brand new session, project when I have a brand new session, project when I have a brand new session, I'm already at 24,000 tokens. So, that's I'm already at 24,000 tokens. So, that's I'm already at 24,000 tokens. So, that's over a tenth. I have system prompt, over a tenth. I have system prompt, over a tenth. I have system prompt, system tools, MCP tools, uh, custom system tools, MCP tools, uh, custom system tools, MCP tools, uh, custom agents, memory files, skills, all this agents, memory files, skills, all this agents, memory files, skills, all this stuff. Here's an example of just Chrome stuff. Here's an example of just Chrome stuff. Here's an example of just Chrome dev tools. Every single tool takes up dev tools. Every single tool takes up dev tools. Every single tool takes up tokens because every tool has a tokens because every tool has a tokens because every tool has a description of what it does so that description of what it does so that description of what it does so that Cloud Code could see that description Cloud Code could see that description Cloud Code could see that description and grab it. And that's where these and grab it. And that's where these and grab it. And that's where these tokens come from. We also have custom tokens come from. We also have custom tokens come from. We also have custom agents. Same thing. We have memory agents. Same thing. We have memory agents. Same thing. We have memory files. We have skills. They all have files. We have skills. They all have files. We have skills. They all have tokens that they take up natively. So tokens that they take up natively. So tokens that they take up natively. So this is how you can eliminate that this is how you can eliminate that this is how you can eliminate that waste. waste. waste. Next we have plan upfront and work in Next we have plan upfront and work in Next we have plan upfront and work in phases. So create a dedicated plan saved phases. So create a dedicated plan saved phases. So create a dedicated plan saved to a file and then work off that plan. to a file and then work off that plan. to a file and then work off that plan. Now let's say we have a we have a plan Now let's say we have a we have a plan Now let's say we have a we have a plan for a app and the app has five stages. for a app and the app has five stages. for a app and the app has five stages. Let me work with cloud code. Let's get Let me work with cloud code. Let's get Let me work with cloud code. Let's get us that plan doc. Okay cool. Save the us that plan doc. Okay cool. Save the us that plan doc. Okay cool. Save the plan doc. Now I can I can clear I can plan doc. Now I can I can clear I can plan doc. Now I can I can clear I can open up a new session and say hey look open up a new session and say hey look open up a new session and say hey look at this plan doc this is what we're at this plan doc this is what we're at this plan doc this is what we're doing you're on phase one help me do doing you're on phase one help me do doing you're on phase one help me do this like you know what you know what I this like you know what you know what I this like you know what you know what I mean you have that context now without mean you have that context now without mean you have that context now without having to stay in the same session. So having to stay in the same session. So having to stay in the same session. So that's one tip to do something like that's one tip to do something like that's one tip to do something like that. that. that. Limit your open sessions. So it's really Limit your open sessions. So it's really Limit your open sessions. So it's really cool that you can do you know like 10 to cool that you can do you know like 10 to cool that you can do you know like 10 to 15 sessions at once. I tend to not do 15 sessions at once. I tend to not do 15 sessions at once. I tend to not do that anymore. I I used to for a while that anymore. I I used to for a while that anymore. I I used to for a while because I thought it was so cool because because I thought it was so cool because because I thought it was so cool because what happens is you can't juggle and what happens is you can't juggle and what happens is you can't juggle and understand how much context is going on understand how much context is going on understand how much context is going on in that many sessions. Like you could, in that many sessions. Like you could, in that many sessions. Like you could, but it's harder to but it's harder to but it's harder to be aware of how much context you've be aware of how much context you've be aware of how much context you've used. And the the issue there is that if used. And the the issue there is that if used. And the the issue there is that if you're not aware, you might run into you're not aware, you might run into you're not aware, you might run into context rot, right? And if you run into context rot, right? And if you run into context rot, right? And if you run into context rot, that means that your context rot, that means that your context rot, that means that your outputs are probably worse or they have outputs are probably worse or they have outputs are probably worse or they have to be double checked by a human more to be double checked by a human more to be double checked by a human more likely. And if you're running that many likely. And if you're running that many likely. And if you're running that many sessions, it's easier to lose track and sessions, it's easier to lose track and sessions, it's easier to lose track and it's easier to just think, "Oh, it's it's easier to just think, "Oh, it's it's easier to just think, "Oh, it's good. AI did it. We're good." So that's good. AI did it. We're good." So that's good. AI did it. We're good." So that's why I would not recommend doing any more why I would not recommend doing any more why I would not recommend doing any more than three to four parallel sessions, than three to four parallel sessions, than three to four parallel sessions, keeping actual tabs on what's going on. keeping actual tabs on what's going on. keeping actual tabs on what's going on. Sub agents for isolated tasks. So Sub agents for isolated tasks. So Sub agents for isolated tasks. So delegating fileheavy investigations to delegating fileheavy investigations to delegating fileheavy investigations to sub agents. These sub agents run in sub agents. These sub agents run in sub agents. These sub agents run in separate context. And there's, you know, separate context. And there's, you know, separate context. And there's, you know, a full video in this course about sub a full video in this course about sub a full video in this course about sub agents, but basically the idea of if you agents, but basically the idea of if you agents, but basically the idea of if you have tons and tons of data, so like have tons and tons of data, so like have tons and tons of data, so like let's say you're working in a main let's say you're working in a main let's say you're working in a main session and you have a full YouTube session and you have a full YouTube session and you have a full YouTube transcript, a 15-minute YouTube video transcript, a 15-minute YouTube video transcript, a 15-minute YouTube video transcript that you want to read in the transcript that you want to read in the transcript that you want to read in the session, don't have your main session do session, don't have your main session do session, don't have your main session do it. Say, "Hey, sub agent, read this. it. Say, "Hey, sub agent, read this. it. Say, "Hey, sub agent, read this. Give me the key highlights." And that Give me the key highlights." And that Give me the key highlights." And that way, the main sessions context doesn't way, the main sessions context doesn't way, the main sessions context doesn't get polluted with all of that non get polluted with all of that non get polluted with all of that non nonsense that it doesn't need. nonsense that it doesn't need. nonsense that it doesn't need. shared memory files for multi- aents. shared memory files for multi- aents. shared memory files for multi- aents. So, this is really cool because you can So, this is really cool because you can So, this is really cool because you can have multiple agents working across the have multiple agents working across the have multiple agents working across the same plan doc or task list. Now, we do same plan doc or task list. Now, we do same plan doc or task list. Now, we do have agent teams, which once again, this have agent teams, which once again, this have agent teams, which once again, this course has a video about, but if you course has a video about, but if you course has a video about, but if you want to basically Frankenstein your own want to basically Frankenstein your own want to basically Frankenstein your own way and have more control, you can have way and have more control, you can have way and have more control, you can have multiple agents look at and work off of multiple agents look at and work off of multiple agents look at and work off of the same file. The thing you have to be the same file. The thing you have to be the same file. The thing you have to be careful of though is if they're working careful of though is if they're working careful of though is if they're working in parallel, you run the risk of having in parallel, you run the risk of having in parallel, you run the risk of having them overwrite each other. So as long as them overwrite each other. So as long as them overwrite each other. So as long as you can manage that and have that sort you can manage that and have that sort you can manage that and have that sort of like persistent memory across of like persistent memory across of like persistent memory across different agents without them different agents without them different agents without them overwriting, then it is a very powerful overwriting, then it is a very powerful overwriting, then it is a very powerful technique to potentially save yourself a technique to potentially save yourself a technique to potentially save yourself a lot of tokens. lot of tokens. lot of tokens. We also have local semantic search over We also have local semantic search over We also have local semantic search over GP. So if you have large large code GP. So if you have large large code GP. So if you have large large code bases or projects, GP, which is one of bases or projects, GP, which is one of bases or projects, GP, which is one of the the tools we learned about, is going the the tools we learned about, is going the the tools we learned about, is going to search through things in a much less to search through things in a much less to search through things in a much less efficient way than using like actual efficient way than using like actual efficient way than using like actual semantic search because that's kind of semantic search because that's kind of semantic search because that's kind of more of like the, you know, the meaning more of like the, you know, the meaning more of like the, you know, the meaning search rather than just like keyword search rather than just like keyword search rather than just like keyword matching. So benchmarks have actually matching. So benchmarks have actually matching. So benchmarks have actually shown that you can get a 97% reduction shown that you can get a 97% reduction shown that you can get a 97% reduction in tokens when you're doing local in tokens when you're doing local in tokens when you're doing local semantic searches like that. So that's semantic searches like that. So that's semantic searches like that. So that's just something to keep in mind. I have just something to keep in mind. I have just something to keep in mind. I have not yet truthfully gotten to the point not yet truthfully gotten to the point not yet truthfully gotten to the point where I need to do this, but it is where I need to do this, but it is where I need to do this, but it is something to keep in mind. something to keep in mind. something to keep in mind. Okay, now let's move on a little bit to Okay, now let's move on a little bit to Okay, now let's move on a little bit to GitHub and work chase. So this is really GitHub and work chase. So this is really GitHub and work chase. So this is really important, right? Because you need to important, right? Because you need to important, right? Because you need to understand where things live, how you understand where things live, how you understand where things live, how you track version control, how you can track version control, how you can track version control, how you can collaborate, how you can move local code collaborate, how you can move local code collaborate, how you can move local code bases between devices and then work bases between devices and then work bases between devices and then work trees. So basically making sure that trees. So basically making sure that trees. So basically making sure that you're not breaking anything. So these you're not breaking anything. So these you're not breaking anything. So these are two really important concepts to are two really important concepts to are two really important concepts to understand. And before we get into all understand. And before we get into all understand. And before we get into all this technical stuff that might seem this technical stuff that might seem this technical stuff that might seem overwhelming, just know this. overwhelming, just know this. overwhelming, just know this. AI knows GitHub and Work Trees so well. AI knows GitHub and Work Trees so well. AI knows GitHub and Work Trees so well. They know GitHub and Work Trees so much They know GitHub and Work Trees so much They know GitHub and Work Trees so much better than you ever will. Unless you're better than you ever will. Unless you're better than you ever will. Unless you're maybe from a developer background, they maybe from a developer background, they maybe from a developer background, they certainly know GitHub and Work Tries certainly know GitHub and Work Tries certainly know GitHub and Work Tries better than I ever will. So, all you better than I ever will. So, all you better than I ever will. So, all you have to do is be very strategic and have to do is be very strategic and have to do is be very strategic and smart about what you want and what you smart about what you want and what you smart about what you want and what you don't want. Meaning, if you want to save don't want. Meaning, if you want to save don't want. Meaning, if you want to save your work, if you want to roll back to a your work, if you want to roll back to a your work, if you want to roll back to a different version, if you want to share different version, if you want to share different version, if you want to share this with someone else, just use your this with someone else, just use your this with someone else, just use your natural language and cloud code will natural language and cloud code will natural language and cloud code will help you do that with GitHub or with help you do that with GitHub or with help you do that with GitHub or with work trees. It's super super simple. It work trees. It's super super simple. It work trees. It's super super simple. It just kind of goes back to what I talked just kind of goes back to what I talked just kind of goes back to what I talked about at the very very beginning of this about at the very very beginning of this about at the very very beginning of this course where I was like be genuinely course where I was like be genuinely course where I was like be genuinely curious. That's like the number one curious. That's like the number one curious. That's like the number one mindset shift. Okay. So there is a mindset shift. Okay. So there is a mindset shift. Okay. So there is a difference though between Git and difference though between Git and difference though between Git and GitHub. GitHub. GitHub. Git is a version control system. It is a Git is a version control system. It is a Git is a version control system. It is a tool that tracks every change that you tool that tracks every change that you tool that tracks every change that you make to your projects and this can be make to your projects and this can be make to your projects and this can be locally. Think of it like a time machine locally. Think of it like a time machine locally. Think of it like a time machine for your project. So every time you save for your project. So every time you save for your project. So every time you save a meaningful change, which is something a meaningful change, which is something a meaningful change, which is something that they call a commit, Git takes a that they call a commit, Git takes a that they call a commit, Git takes a snapshot of your entire project at that snapshot of your entire project at that snapshot of your entire project at that moment. So later if something breaks you moment. So later if something breaks you moment. So later if something breaks you can effectively rewind. So it's like can effectively rewind. So it's like can effectively rewind. So it's like you're getting a checkpoint, right? you're getting a checkpoint, right? you're getting a checkpoint, right? So a few concepts, a repo or a So a few concepts, a repo or a So a few concepts, a repo or a repository that's basically a folder repository that's basically a folder repository that's basically a folder that git is watching. It contains all that git is watching. It contains all that git is watching. It contains all the files plus the full history of every the files plus the full history of every the files plus the full history of every change ever made and it's like you know change ever made and it's like you know change ever made and it's like you know a bank account for your code. It has a bank account for your code. It has a bank account for your code. It has everything, all the transactions, everything, all the transactions, everything, all the transactions, everything. Now what is a commit? This everything. Now what is a commit? This everything. Now what is a commit? This is a snapshot of your project at a is a snapshot of your project at a is a snapshot of your project at a specific point in time. So each commit specific point in time. So each commit specific point in time. So each commit includes what you're describing or sorry includes what you're describing or sorry includes what you're describing or sorry it includes what you've changed and it includes what you've changed and it includes what you've changed and describes why and basically like hitting describes why and basically like hitting describes why and basically like hitting save on a word doc or a video game or a save on a word doc or a video game or a save on a word doc or a video game or a video file video file video file branch. This is a separate copy of your branch. This is a separate copy of your branch. This is a separate copy of your project where you can make changes project where you can make changes project where you can make changes without affecting the main version. So without affecting the main version. So without affecting the main version. So almost like you clone it, you change almost like you clone it, you change almost like you clone it, you change things and then if you like it, you can things and then if you like it, you can things and then if you like it, you can merge it back in. The default branch is merge it back in. The default branch is merge it back in. The default branch is usually called main. And when you create usually called main. And when you create usually called main. And when you create a new branch like feature login, you're a new branch like feature login, you're a new branch like feature login, you're essentially saying, "Let me try essentially saying, "Let me try essentially saying, "Let me try something without risking the stable something without risking the stable something without risking the stable version." So it's almost like the way version." So it's almost like the way version." So it's almost like the way that you have, you know, that you have, you know, that you have, you know, workflows that are published and workflows that are published and workflows that are published and workflows that are in draft mode or workflows that are in draft mode or workflows that are in draft mode or inactive. And you would never want to inactive. And you would never want to inactive. And you would never want to make live changes to the published make live changes to the published make live changes to the published version. You would change things in the version. You would change things in the version. You would change things in the test environment. You would change test environment. You would change test environment. You would change things as a draft. And then once you things as a draft. And then once you things as a draft. And then once you like it, you push that to prod or you like it, you push that to prod or you like it, you push that to prod or you push that to main or whatever different push that to main or whatever different push that to main or whatever different terminology you have. It's that same terminology you have. It's that same terminology you have. It's that same concept, right? concept, right? concept, right? Um, and that's where push comes in, Um, and that's where push comes in, Um, and that's where push comes in, right? Uploading your local commits to right? Uploading your local commits to right? Uploading your local commits to the online version of your repo. So, the online version of your repo. So, the online version of your repo. So, syncing to cloud. A pull is downloading syncing to cloud. A pull is downloading syncing to cloud. A pull is downloading the latest changes from the online repo the latest changes from the online repo the latest changes from the online repo to your local machine. So, you're to your local machine. So, you're to your local machine. So, you're pulling it in. And then a merge is pulling it in. And then a merge is pulling it in. And then a merge is combining the changes from one branch combining the changes from one branch combining the changes from one branch into another. Once your feature is done into another. Once your feature is done into another. Once your feature is done and tested, you can merge it back into and tested, you can merge it back into and tested, you can merge it back into the main. So, that's how we do the main. So, that's how we do the main. So, that's how we do everything here very, very safely. everything here very, very safely. everything here very, very safely. GitHub. So, GitHub is basically the GitHub. So, GitHub is basically the GitHub. So, GitHub is basically the cloud service built on top of git. So cloud service built on top of git. So cloud service built on top of git. So while Git runs on our local computer and while Git runs on our local computer and while Git runs on our local computer and tracks our files, GitHub hosts them tracks our files, GitHub hosts them tracks our files, GitHub hosts them online so that you can access them from online so that you can access them from online so that you can access them from anywhere. You can back them up, you can anywhere. You can back them up, you can anywhere. You can back them up, you can collaborate with others, do whatever you collaborate with others, do whatever you collaborate with others, do whatever you need. And that's how you can maybe take need. And that's how you can maybe take need. And that's how you can maybe take your executive assistant that's right your executive assistant that's right your executive assistant that's right now locally, push to GitHub, and then if now locally, push to GitHub, and then if now locally, push to GitHub, and then if you have a laptop and you want to go on you have a laptop and you want to go on you have a laptop and you want to go on a vacation, you can bring your laptop a vacation, you can bring your laptop a vacation, you can bring your laptop with you and pull in the repo. So you with you and pull in the repo. So you with you and pull in the repo. So you still have your executive assistant still have your executive assistant still have your executive assistant there. So think of it like this. Git is there. So think of it like this. Git is there. So think of it like this. Git is the engine that tracks your changes. the engine that tracks your changes. the engine that tracks your changes. GitHub is the parking garage in the GitHub is the parking garage in the GitHub is the parking garage in the cloud where your project lives so that cloud where your project lives so that cloud where your project lives so that it's safe and accessible. it's safe and accessible. it's safe and accessible. What does GitHub what does GitHub What does GitHub what does GitHub What does GitHub what does GitHub actually give you? Well, cloud backup, actually give you? Well, cloud backup, actually give you? Well, cloud backup, collaboration, pull requests, and collaboration, pull requests, and collaboration, pull requests, and version history. So, cloud backup is version history. So, cloud backup is version history. So, cloud backup is pretty self-explanatory. Um, pretty self-explanatory. Um, pretty self-explanatory. Um, collaboration means that multiple people collaboration means that multiple people collaboration means that multiple people can work on the same project without can work on the same project without can work on the same project without overwriting each other's work. overwriting each other's work. overwriting each other's work. Pull requests means that you can propose Pull requests means that you can propose Pull requests means that you can propose changes and have them reviewed before changes and have them reviewed before changes and have them reviewed before you merge them into the main project. you merge them into the main project. you merge them into the main project. And so that's how you can have multiple And so that's how you can have multiple And so that's how you can have multiple engineers working on the same GitHub engineers working on the same GitHub engineers working on the same GitHub repo, all pushing different feature repo, all pushing different feature repo, all pushing different feature requests and, you know, working on their requests and, you know, working on their requests and, you know, working on their own things and merging it all back into own things and merging it all back into own things and merging it all back into the main environment safely. And then the main environment safely. And then the main environment safely. And then you can also see version history, which you can also see version history, which you can also see version history, which would basically just mean, let's say you would basically just mean, let's say you would basically just mean, let's say you have a project, you push 10 different have a project, you push 10 different have a project, you push 10 different commits. You can see each commit. And if commits. You can see each commit. And if commits. You can see each commit. And if you needed to roll back to a certain you needed to roll back to a certain you needed to roll back to a certain commit, you could. You could see who commit, you could. You could see who commit, you could. You could see who made the commit. You could see what was made the commit. You could see what was made the commit. You could see what was the purpose of that commit. You can just the purpose of that commit. You can just the purpose of that commit. You can just see everything, right? see everything, right? see everything, right? Okay. So the basic workflow would be Okay. So the basic workflow would be Okay. So the basic workflow would be create a GitHub repository for your create a GitHub repository for your create a GitHub repository for your project. clone a copy of it to your project. clone a copy of it to your project. clone a copy of it to your local computer. Create a branch for your local computer. Create a branch for your local computer. Create a branch for your new feature or fix. Make changes and new feature or fix. Make changes and new feature or fix. Make changes and then commit. Push the branch to GitHub. then commit. Push the branch to GitHub. then commit. Push the branch to GitHub. Open a pull request to propose merging Open a pull request to propose merging Open a pull request to propose merging your changes into the main and then you your changes into the main and then you your changes into the main and then you review, approve, and merge. That's review, approve, and merge. That's review, approve, and merge. That's typically the way that it works when you typically the way that it works when you typically the way that it works when you have a team working on a project. So, have a team working on a project. So, have a team working on a project. So, this is exactly how professional this is exactly how professional this is exactly how professional developers and teams work and it's the developers and teams work and it's the developers and teams work and it's the same workflow cloud code uses behind the same workflow cloud code uses behind the same workflow cloud code uses behind the scenes when managing the project. Once scenes when managing the project. Once scenes when managing the project. Once again, cloud code understands these best again, cloud code understands these best again, cloud code understands these best practices and when you need to save practices and when you need to save practices and when you need to save things or roll back, it will help you do things or roll back, it will help you do things or roll back, it will help you do that. that. that. So now that you understand all that So now that you understand all that So now that you understand all that stuff, work trees should probably click stuff, work trees should probably click stuff, work trees should probably click a little bit better. So a work tree lets a little bit better. So a work tree lets a little bit better. So a work tree lets you check out multiple branches from the you check out multiple branches from the you check out multiple branches from the same repo at the same time, each on its same repo at the same time, each on its same repo at the same time, each on its own folder on your computer. own folder on your computer. own folder on your computer. So the problem is that normally in git, So the problem is that normally in git, So the problem is that normally in git, you can only work on one branch at a you can only work on one branch at a you can only work on one branch at a time within that folder. So if you're time within that folder. So if you're time within that folder. So if you're building out a new feature and suddenly building out a new feature and suddenly building out a new feature and suddenly you need to go to a different branch, you need to go to a different branch, you need to go to a different branch, you would have to either stop what you would have to either stop what you would have to either stop what you're doing and save it or you would you're doing and save it or you would you're doing and save it or you would have to just like commit it and it might have to just like commit it and it might have to just like commit it and it might not be finished yet. So it's risky. So not be finished yet. So it's risky. So not be finished yet. So it's risky. So this problem is solved with work trees this problem is solved with work trees this problem is solved with work trees because you can basically just create a because you can basically just create a because you can basically just create a second working directory just to work on second working directory just to work on second working directory just to work on that branch or just to work on your own that branch or just to work on your own that branch or just to work on your own fix. So your original work basically fix. So your original work basically fix. So your original work basically just stays there and you just open up a just stays there and you just open up a just stays there and you just open up a separate one and they they're isolated. separate one and they they're isolated. separate one and they they're isolated. They don't touch each other, right? They don't touch each other, right? They don't touch each other, right? So, Cloud Code has built-in native So, Cloud Code has built-in native So, Cloud Code has built-in native support for git work using a command. support for git work using a command. support for git work using a command. The good news is you don't ever have to The good news is you don't ever have to The good news is you don't ever have to really run this if you don't want. Cloud really run this if you don't want. Cloud really run this if you don't want. Cloud code can do it, but you could also, if code can do it, but you could also, if code can do it, but you could also, if you want full control, you could start you want full control, you could start you want full control, you could start up your own work tree. This means you up your own work tree. This means you up your own work tree. This means you can run multiple cloud code sessions at can run multiple cloud code sessions at can run multiple cloud code sessions at the same time, each working on a the same time, each working on a the same time, each working on a completely different task without any of completely different task without any of completely different task without any of them interfering with each other. So, it them interfering with each other. So, it them interfering with each other. So, it is very, very safe. Okay, great job is very, very safe. Okay, great job is very, very safe. Okay, great job getting through the stuff that I thought getting through the stuff that I thought getting through the stuff that I thought was the most boring about learning cloud was the most boring about learning cloud was the most boring about learning cloud code. And now let's just kind of get code. And now let's just kind of get code. And now let's just kind of get back into some more fun stuff. So I'm back into some more fun stuff. So I'm back into some more fun stuff. So I'm going to go over some hacks with you going to go over some hacks with you going to go over some hacks with you guys and then just show you some cool guys and then just show you some cool guys and then just show you some cool things that you can do with Cloud Code. things that you can do with Cloud Code. things that you can do with Cloud Code. And I think it's pretty fun. So let's And I think it's pretty fun. So let's And I think it's pretty fun. So let's get into it. These are the Cloud Code hacks that took These are the Cloud Code hacks that took These are the Cloud Code hacks that took me from a complete beginner to me from a complete beginner to me from a complete beginner to mass-producing workflows and building mass-producing workflows and building mass-producing workflows and building websites, apps, and AI agents in real websites, apps, and AI agents in real websites, apps, and AI agents in real time. So today we're going to be going time. So today we're going to be going time. So today we're going to be going from beginner hacks all the way to from beginner hacks all the way to from beginner hacks all the way to advanced power user stuff. And the best advanced power user stuff. And the best advanced power user stuff. And the best ones are saved at the end. All right, so ones are saved at the end. All right, so ones are saved at the end. All right, so starting off with our beginner hacks. starting off with our beginner hacks. starting off with our beginner hacks. Number one is to run /init on every Number one is to run /init on every Number one is to run /init on every project. So if you already got an project. So if you already got an project. So if you already got an existing project with files already in existing project with files already in existing project with files already in there, the first thing you should do is there, the first thing you should do is there, the first thing you should do is open it up and type /init. Cloud code open it up and type /init. Cloud code open it up and type /init. Cloud code will then scan your entire codebase, will then scan your entire codebase, will then scan your entire codebase, your folders, your files, and it will your folders, your files, and it will your folders, your files, and it will generate a cloud. MD file, which is generate a cloud. MD file, which is generate a cloud. MD file, which is basically like a cheat sheet for that basically like a cheat sheet for that basically like a cheat sheet for that project. It'll map out your project. It'll map out your project. It'll map out your architecture, your conventions, and any architecture, your conventions, and any architecture, your conventions, and any key files that you have in there. So key files that you have in there. So key files that you have in there. So instead of having to reexplain your instead of having to reexplain your instead of having to reexplain your project every session, Cloud will project every session, Cloud will project every session, Cloud will basically just contextualize everything basically just contextualize everything basically just contextualize everything and initialize everything and know what and initialize everything and know what and initialize everything and know what you're working with. And if you're you're working with. And if you're you're working with. And if you're starting a new project from scratch, starting a new project from scratch, starting a new project from scratch, then you can have cloud code help you then you can have cloud code help you then you can have cloud code help you create that cloudmd file yourself just create that cloudmd file yourself just create that cloudmd file yourself just by explaining what's the goal of this by explaining what's the goal of this by explaining what's the goal of this project, what text stack you want to project, what text stack you want to project, what text stack you want to use, or any rules or key folders and use, or any rules or key folders and use, or any rules or key folders and files. All right, number two is to set files. All right, number two is to set files. All right, number two is to set up a status line. So if you're working up a status line. So if you're working up a status line. So if you're working in the terminal, you can type / status in the terminal, you can type / status in the terminal, you can type / status line and tell cloud code what you want line and tell cloud code what you want line and tell cloud code what you want to see, your model, your context to see, your model, your context to see, your model, your context percentage, cost, whatever. It basically percentage, cost, whatever. It basically percentage, cost, whatever. It basically generates a little script that sits at generates a little script that sits at generates a little script that sits at the bottom of the terminal. So as you're the bottom of the terminal. So as you're the bottom of the terminal. So as you're talking every single time, you can just talking every single time, you can just talking every single time, you can just see that status line. It's just kind of see that status line. It's just kind of see that status line. It's just kind of like a mini dashboard for your session. like a mini dashboard for your session. like a mini dashboard for your session. So, it's really helpful to always be So, it's really helpful to always be So, it's really helpful to always be able to see how much context you have able to see how much context you have able to see how much context you have left so you can avoid context rot. Hack left so you can avoid context rot. Hack left so you can avoid context rot. Hack number three is using voice input. So, number three is using voice input. So, number three is using voice input. So, cloud code just shipped a native/v voice cloud code just shipped a native/v voice cloud code just shipped a native/v voice command, which means you can literally command, which means you can literally command, which means you can literally just talk to your terminal and have it just talk to your terminal and have it just talk to your terminal and have it code for you now. So, it's still rolling code for you now. So, it's still rolling code for you now. So, it's still rolling out. It will be out for everyone soon, out. It will be out for everyone soon, out. It will be out for everyone soon, but another good hack would just be to but another good hack would just be to but another good hack would just be to use an app to actually be able to voice use an app to actually be able to voice use an app to actually be able to voice dictate anywhere. So, if you want to see dictate anywhere. So, if you want to see dictate anywhere. So, if you want to see the tool that I use, you can check out the tool that I use, you can check out the tool that I use, you can check out the description. Now, I can just talk the description. Now, I can just talk the description. Now, I can just talk and words will appear anywhere. Hack and words will appear anywhere. Hack and words will appear anywhere. Hack number four is to keep your context number four is to keep your context number four is to keep your context small. So don't dump your entire small. So don't dump your entire small. So don't dump your entire codebase into a conversation. Only give codebase into a conversation. Only give codebase into a conversation. Only give Claude what it needs for the current Claude what it needs for the current Claude what it needs for the current task. So try to break big problems into task. So try to break big problems into task. So try to break big problems into small focused steps. The less noise in small focused steps. The less noise in small focused steps. The less noise in the context window, the better Claude the context window, the better Claude the context window, the better Claude performs. It's simple, but a lot of performs. It's simple, but a lot of performs. It's simple, but a lot of people ignore this. Hack number five is people ignore this. Hack number five is people ignore this. Hack number five is to use /context to find your token to use /context to find your token to use /context to find your token bloat. So if you do /context, you'll see bloat. So if you do /context, you'll see bloat. So if you do /context, you'll see exactly what's eating your tokens. exactly what's eating your tokens. exactly what's eating your tokens. Whether that's system prompts or file Whether that's system prompts or file Whether that's system prompts or file contents, MCP servers, whatever it is, contents, MCP servers, whatever it is, contents, MCP servers, whatever it is, all of that gets broken down into all of that gets broken down into all of that gets broken down into percentages. So if your session feels a percentages. So if your session feels a percentages. So if your session feels a little bloated, you can actually little bloated, you can actually little bloated, you can actually investigate it, diagnose where the investigate it, diagnose where the investigate it, diagnose where the problem is, and then restructure. Hack problem is, and then restructure. Hack problem is, and then restructure. Hack number six is to compact at 60%. And number six is to compact at 60%. And number six is to compact at 60%. And also clear between tasks. So when your also clear between tasks. So when your also clear between tasks. So when your context hits around 60%, then type context hits around 60%, then type context hits around 60%, then type /compact and cloud code will compress /compact and cloud code will compress /compact and cloud code will compress your conversation history so you can your conversation history so you can your conversation history so you can keep going without losing important keep going without losing important keep going without losing important stuff. And something interesting is that stuff. And something interesting is that stuff. And something interesting is that you can actually do a /compact, but you you can actually do a /compact, but you you can actually do a /compact, but you can tell it to keep certain things like, can tell it to keep certain things like, can tell it to keep certain things like, hey, / compact, but keep all of the API hey, / compact, but keep all of the API hey, / compact, but keep all of the API integration decisions and database integration decisions and database integration decisions and database schema. So Cloud will automatically schema. So Cloud will automatically schema. So Cloud will automatically shrink everything down and preserve the shrink everything down and preserve the shrink everything down and preserve the stuff that you need to keep in there. stuff that you need to keep in there. stuff that you need to keep in there. And if you're actually going to switch And if you're actually going to switch And if you're actually going to switch to a completely different task and you to a completely different task and you to a completely different task and you don't need that conversation history, don't need that conversation history, don't need that conversation history, then use slashclear to just wipe the then use slashclear to just wipe the then use slashclear to just wipe the slate clean and you're starting from a slate clean and you're starting from a slate clean and you're starting from a new conversation. But luckily, you still new conversation. But luckily, you still new conversation. But luckily, you still have your cloud. Mmd, you still have all have your cloud. Mmd, you still have all have your cloud. Mmd, you still have all the other files. So it's not like you're the other files. So it's not like you're the other files. So it's not like you're actually starting from scratch. So hack actually starting from scratch. So hack actually starting from scratch. So hack number seven is to always start in plan number seven is to always start in plan number seven is to always start in plan mode. So that means you can hit shift mode. So that means you can hit shift mode. So that means you can hit shift tab to cycle between modes or just tab to cycle between modes or just tab to cycle between modes or just choose it manually. And once Claude's in choose it manually. And once Claude's in choose it manually. And once Claude's in plan mode, it can still read, it can plan mode, it can still read, it can plan mode, it can still read, it can still research, but it won't actually still research, but it won't actually still research, but it won't actually change anything. So Claude will outline change anything. So Claude will outline change anything. So Claude will outline the steps. It will ask clarifying the steps. It will ask clarifying the steps. It will ask clarifying questions and it will map out the questions and it will map out the questions and it will map out the approach before writing a single line of approach before writing a single line of approach before writing a single line of code which has been shown to improve the code which has been shown to improve the code which has been shown to improve the quality. Now once you like the plan you quality. Now once you like the plan you quality. Now once you like the plan you switch out of plan mode. Tell it to switch out of plan mode. Tell it to switch out of plan mode. Tell it to execute and this alone will dramatically execute and this alone will dramatically execute and this alone will dramatically reduce how many times that you have to reduce how many times that you have to reduce how many times that you have to go back and correct Claude. Hack number go back and correct Claude. Hack number go back and correct Claude. Hack number eight we have to treat Claude like a eight we have to treat Claude like a eight we have to treat Claude like a junior developer which means don't junior developer which means don't junior developer which means don't always give it direct commands like always give it direct commands like always give it direct commands like write me a function that does X but try write me a function that does X but try write me a function that does X but try to understand how you can give it to understand how you can give it to understand how you can give it problems. So saying, "How should we problems. So saying, "How should we problems. So saying, "How should we handle growth tracking?" And let it handle growth tracking?" And let it handle growth tracking?" And let it think through the approach because when think through the approach because when think through the approach because when it makes its own assumptions and it it makes its own assumptions and it it makes its own assumptions and it thinks through decisions, you can ask it thinks through decisions, you can ask it thinks through decisions, you can ask it to explain those. And this has also been to explain those. And this has also been to explain those. And this has also been shown to get better outputs when Claude shown to get better outputs when Claude shown to get better outputs when Claude reasons through the problem first. So reasons through the problem first. So reasons through the problem first. So it's like plan mode, but now you're it's like plan mode, but now you're it's like plan mode, but now you're having it think a little bit deeper. having it think a little bit deeper. having it think a little bit deeper. Okay. Hack number nine is to make Claude Okay. Hack number nine is to make Claude Okay. Hack number nine is to make Claude ask questions. So a lot of times in plan ask questions. So a lot of times in plan ask questions. So a lot of times in plan mode, it will do this natively, but you mode, it will do this natively, but you mode, it will do this natively, but you can actually tell it to invoke its ask can actually tell it to invoke its ask can actually tell it to invoke its ask user question tool. You can tell it user question tool. You can tell it user question tool. You can tell it continuously ask me questions until continuously ask me questions until continuously ask me questions until you're 95% confident that you understand you're 95% confident that you understand you're 95% confident that you understand exactly what I need and exactly what you exactly what I need and exactly what you exactly what I need and exactly what you need to do. And once again, this need to do. And once again, this need to do. And once again, this alignment helps you from having to go alignment helps you from having to go alignment helps you from having to go back and forth with, you know, three or back and forth with, you know, three or back and forth with, you know, three or four rounds of revisions. All right, four rounds of revisions. All right, four rounds of revisions. All right, hack number 10 is build self-checking hack number 10 is build self-checking hack number 10 is build self-checking into the to-do lists. So, you know how into the to-do lists. So, you know how into the to-do lists. So, you know how Cloud makes a to-do list when it starts Cloud makes a to-do list when it starts Cloud makes a to-do list when it starts building? Well, you can actually build building? Well, you can actually build building? Well, you can actually build verification steps right into that list. verification steps right into that list. verification steps right into that list. So, let's say one to-do is to build the So, let's say one to-do is to build the So, let's say one to-do is to build the website. The very next to-do could be website. The very next to-do could be website. The very next to-do could be take a screenshot of the website and take a screenshot of the website and take a screenshot of the website and check that everything looks right. And check that everything looks right. And check that everything looks right. And then maybe the next step is to open then maybe the next step is to open then maybe the next step is to open Chrome DevTools to use the browser and Chrome DevTools to use the browser and Chrome DevTools to use the browser and make sure that there are no actual make sure that there are no actual make sure that there are no actual errors in functionality. So you're now errors in functionality. So you're now errors in functionality. So you're now baking quality checks directly into the baking quality checks directly into the baking quality checks directly into the execution plan. So Claude isn't just execution plan. So Claude isn't just execution plan. So Claude isn't just building stuff and handing it to you for building stuff and handing it to you for building stuff and handing it to you for feedback, but now it's building feedback, but now it's building feedback, but now it's building something, checking it, making sure something, checking it, making sure something, checking it, making sure everything's good, and then getting your everything's good, and then getting your everything's good, and then getting your feedback. And another cool thing that I feedback. And another cool thing that I feedback. And another cool thing that I like to do here is say, don't move on to like to do here is say, don't move on to like to do here is say, don't move on to your next to-do until you're 95% your next to-do until you're 95% your next to-do until you're 95% confident that that to-do is good. confident that that to-do is good. confident that that to-do is good. Because it's AI, it's really hard to Because it's AI, it's really hard to Because it's AI, it's really hard to oneshot what you're looking for, but oneshot what you're looking for, but oneshot what you're looking for, but you'd rather have it one shot 90% of the you'd rather have it one shot 90% of the you'd rather have it one shot 90% of the way there rather than one shot 60 or way there rather than one shot 60 or way there rather than one shot 60 or 65%. Okay, so those were our beginner 65%. Okay, so those were our beginner 65%. Okay, so those were our beginner hacks. Now, let's step it up a little hacks. Now, let's step it up a little hacks. Now, let's step it up a little bit. These next ones are for the people bit. These next ones are for the people bit. These next ones are for the people who are already kind of using Cloud Code who are already kind of using Cloud Code who are already kind of using Cloud Code a little bit and want to move faster. a little bit and want to move faster. a little bit and want to move faster. All right, so hack number 11 is to All right, so hack number 11 is to All right, so hack number 11 is to deploy sub agents for parallel work. Try deploy sub agents for parallel work. Try deploy sub agents for parallel work. Try telling the main session to use sub telling the main session to use sub telling the main session to use sub aents in your prompt when you're working aents in your prompt when you're working aents in your prompt when you're working on complex problems. Cloud will spin up on complex problems. Cloud will spin up on complex problems. Cloud will spin up isolated sub aents that each have their isolated sub aents that each have their isolated sub aents that each have their own context window. They can each be own context window. They can each be own context window. They can each be using their own model and each agent using their own model and each agent using their own model and each agent works in parallel which means the main works in parallel which means the main works in parallel which means the main thread stays clean while the sub aents thread stays clean while the sub aents thread stays clean while the sub aents go do research, write tests or explore go do research, write tests or explore go do research, write tests or explore different approaches. When they're done, different approaches. When they're done, different approaches. When they're done, they all report back to that main agent they all report back to that main agent they all report back to that main agent with their findings. So it's like having with their findings. So it's like having with their findings. So it's like having a team of developers instead of just a team of developers instead of just a team of developers instead of just having one. And you can even pair this having one. And you can even pair this having one. And you can even pair this with the model hack for cheaper tokens, with the model hack for cheaper tokens, with the model hack for cheaper tokens, which means you can have all the sub which means you can have all the sub which means you can have all the sub aents running on Haiku for simpler stuff aents running on Haiku for simpler stuff aents running on Haiku for simpler stuff and your main thread can stay on Opus. and your main thread can stay on Opus. and your main thread can stay on Opus. All right, hack number 12 is to build All right, hack number 12 is to build All right, hack number 12 is to build custom skills. This means you can create custom skills. This means you can create custom skills. This means you can create reusable prompt files in your reusable prompt files in your reusable prompt files in your do.cloud/skills directory. So for do.cloud/skills directory. So for do.cloud/skills directory. So for example, you can have one skill called example, you can have one skill called example, you can have one skill called techdebt.md which tells claude exactly techdebt.md which tells claude exactly techdebt.md which tells claude exactly how to scan for technical debt. Or you how to scan for technical debt. Or you how to scan for technical debt. Or you can have one called code review.mmd can have one called code review.mmd can have one called code review.mmd which knows exactly how to review your which knows exactly how to review your which knows exactly how to review your codebase and then all you have to do is codebase and then all you have to do is codebase and then all you have to do is invoke that skill in natural language or invoke that skill in natural language or invoke that skill in natural language or just use the slash command directly and just use the slash command directly and just use the slash command directly and it will run that entire workflow it will run that entire workflow it will run that entire workflow consistently every single time. You can consistently every single time. You can consistently every single time. You can even commit them to GitHub and your even commit them to GitHub and your even commit them to GitHub and your whole team can instantly use them as whole team can instantly use them as whole team can instantly use them as well. So you can automate your actual well. So you can automate your actual well. So you can automate your actual SOPs. All right, so hack number 13 is SOPs. All right, so hack number 13 is SOPs. All right, so hack number 13 is something that I alluded to a little bit something that I alluded to a little bit something that I alluded to a little bit earlier, but that's basically just using earlier, but that's basically just using earlier, but that's basically just using Haiku for sub aents because you can set Haiku for sub aents because you can set Haiku for sub aents because you can set the model for the sub aents that you the model for the sub aents that you the model for the sub aents that you spin up. When you have simple tasks or spin up. When you have simple tasks or spin up. When you have simple tasks or processing a large amount of data, then processing a large amount of data, then processing a large amount of data, then use Haiku. It's way cheaper and it still use Haiku. It's way cheaper and it still use Haiku. It's way cheaper and it still gets the job done. Specifically, if you gets the job done. Specifically, if you gets the job done. Specifically, if you need a sub agent to go scrape a ton of need a sub agent to go scrape a ton of need a sub agent to go scrape a ton of different articles, read hundreds of different articles, read hundreds of different articles, read hundreds of thousands of tokens, and then just give thousands of tokens, and then just give thousands of tokens, and then just give Opus, give your main agent just a small Opus, give your main agent just a small Opus, give your main agent just a small summary or the key highlights. It just summary or the key highlights. It just summary or the key highlights. It just doesn't really make sense to have such a doesn't really make sense to have such a doesn't really make sense to have such a heavy and expensive model reading heavy and expensive model reading heavy and expensive model reading hundreds of thousands of tokens if it hundreds of thousands of tokens if it hundreds of thousands of tokens if it just needs a few bits of information. just needs a few bits of information. just needs a few bits of information. And if you do this right, it can really And if you do this right, it can really And if you do this right, it can really keep your cost down without sacrificing keep your cost down without sacrificing keep your cost down without sacrificing quality where it matters. All right, quality where it matters. All right, quality where it matters. All right, hack number 14 is to constantly be hack number 14 is to constantly be hack number 14 is to constantly be refreshing your claw.md file. Once refreshing your claw.md file. Once refreshing your claw.md file. Once there's a new discovery about your there's a new discovery about your there's a new discovery about your project, update the claw.md. Once you've project, update the claw.md. Once you've project, update the claw.md. Once you've made some new skills, update the made some new skills, update the made some new skills, update the cloud.mmd. You want Claude to be logging cloud.mmd. You want Claude to be logging cloud.mmd. You want Claude to be logging new patterns, new gotchas, and any new new patterns, new gotchas, and any new new patterns, new gotchas, and any new conventions that it discovered during conventions that it discovered during conventions that it discovered during your session. So next time that you your session. So next time that you your session. So next time that you start it up, it already knows all of start it up, it already knows all of start it up, it already knows all of this. This will help prevent repeat this. This will help prevent repeat this. This will help prevent repeat mistakes, and it will make Claude mistakes, and it will make Claude mistakes, and it will make Claude smarter about you, your business, your smarter about you, your business, your smarter about you, your business, your project, all that kind of stuff over project, all that kind of stuff over project, all that kind of stuff over time. But here's the catch. You don't time. But here's the catch. You don't time. But here's the catch. You don't want to let it bloat because the claw.md want to let it bloat because the claw.md want to let it bloat because the claw.md file is basically the system prompt and file is basically the system prompt and file is basically the system prompt and it gets loaded into every single it gets loaded into every single it gets loaded into every single conversation and everything in there is conversation and everything in there is conversation and everything in there is going to eat up at your context window. going to eat up at your context window. going to eat up at your context window. So I try to keep mine simple and only So I try to keep mine simple and only So I try to keep mine simple and only put the most important information in put the most important information in put the most important information in there. I like to keep it between 150 and there. I like to keep it between 150 and there. I like to keep it between 150 and 200 lines max. If it starts getting 200 lines max. If it starts getting 200 lines max. If it starts getting longer than that, then it's time to trim longer than that, then it's time to trim longer than that, then it's time to trim down some things. Which leads perfectly down some things. Which leads perfectly down some things. Which leads perfectly into the next hack, number 15, which is into the next hack, number 15, which is into the next hack, number 15, which is to have claw.md route to other files. to have claw.md route to other files. to have claw.md route to other files. Because it potentially eats so many Because it potentially eats so many Because it potentially eats so many tokens, you want to keep it lean, but tokens, you want to keep it lean, but tokens, you want to keep it lean, but you do have a lot of information in you do have a lot of information in you do have a lot of information in there. But what's cool is you can route there. But what's cool is you can route there. But what's cool is you can route it to different places. So you can have it to different places. So you can have it to different places. So you can have it link out to separate files for stuff it link out to separate files for stuff it link out to separate files for stuff like style guides or business context or like style guides or business context or like style guides or business context or reference docs. Just point to those reference docs. Just point to those reference docs. Just point to those files in the cloudmd so claude knows files in the cloudmd so claude knows files in the cloudmd so claude knows exactly where to look and then you're exactly where to look and then you're exactly where to look and then you're also not wasting tokens on information also not wasting tokens on information also not wasting tokens on information that it doesn't always need because in that it doesn't always need because in that it doesn't always need because in its system prompt it doesn't need to its system prompt it doesn't need to its system prompt it doesn't need to know the exact status of a certain know the exact status of a certain know the exact status of a certain project but it does need to know exactly project but it does need to know exactly project but it does need to know exactly where to go look to find that where to go look to find that where to go look to find that information. Hack number 16 is to exit information. Hack number 16 is to exit information. Hack number 16 is to exit early and reask. So if you notice that early and reask. So if you notice that early and reask. So if you notice that cloud starts going down the wrong path cloud starts going down the wrong path cloud starts going down the wrong path don't just wait for it to finish. hit don't just wait for it to finish. hit don't just wait for it to finish. hit escape, correct course, and then escape, correct course, and then escape, correct course, and then reprompt. Every token that it spends reprompt. Every token that it spends reprompt. Every token that it spends going the wrong direction is just wasted going the wrong direction is just wasted going the wrong direction is just wasted context. So steer tight and steer early. context. So steer tight and steer early. context. So steer tight and steer early. At the end of the day, it is AI. Hack At the end of the day, it is AI. Hack At the end of the day, it is AI. Hack number 17 is to challenge outputs number 17 is to challenge outputs number 17 is to challenge outputs aggressively. So if Claude gives you aggressively. So if Claude gives you aggressively. So if Claude gives you something that's just okay, push back. something that's just okay, push back. something that's just okay, push back. Say scrap that, do a more elegant Say scrap that, do a more elegant Say scrap that, do a more elegant version or this isn't good enough, try version or this isn't good enough, try version or this isn't good enough, try again with a completely different again with a completely different again with a completely different approach. Claude will often give you a approach. Claude will often give you a approach. Claude will often give you a dramatically better output on the second dramatically better output on the second dramatically better output on the second try when you set a higher bar and now it try when you set a higher bar and now it try when you set a higher bar and now it knows what to not do. The key is once it knows what to not do. The key is once it knows what to not do. The key is once it comes back with something better, tell comes back with something better, tell comes back with something better, tell it to update itself. whether that be the it to update itself. whether that be the it to update itself. whether that be the skill or the claw.md so it doesn't make skill or the claw.md so it doesn't make skill or the claw.md so it doesn't make that sort of mistake again. Hack number that sort of mistake again. Hack number that sort of mistake again. Hack number 18 is to use slashre for quick undos. So 18 is to use slashre for quick undos. So 18 is to use slashre for quick undos. So if you make a wrong turn just try using if you make a wrong turn just try using if you make a wrong turn just try using slre and claude will roll back to a slre and claude will roll back to a slre and claude will roll back to a previous point in the conversation previous point in the conversation previous point in the conversation without you having to start over. So without you having to start over. So without you having to start over. So it's super quick, super clean. Hack it's super quick, super clean. Hack it's super quick, super clean. Hack number 19 is using hooks for number 19 is using hooks for number 19 is using hooks for notifications. So if you type hooks, you notifications. So if you type hooks, you notifications. So if you type hooks, you can set up a notification hook or you can set up a notification hook or you can set up a notification hook or you can just have Claude code do this for can just have Claude code do this for can just have Claude code do this for you in completely natural language. So, you in completely natural language. So, you in completely natural language. So, for example, what I like to do is when I for example, what I like to do is when I for example, what I like to do is when I have Claude finish up a session or have Claude finish up a session or have Claude finish up a session or finish a chat, it sends me an actual finish a chat, it sends me an actual finish a chat, it sends me an actual noise notification because now I can noise notification because now I can noise notification because now I can work on something else on my computer or work on something else on my computer or work on something else on my computer or I can literally have 15 different I can literally have 15 different I can literally have 15 different sessions of Claude code running and if I sessions of Claude code running and if I sessions of Claude code running and if I hear that noise, I know that one of them hear that noise, I know that one of them hear that noise, I know that one of them is done and needs some more input from is done and needs some more input from is done and needs some more input from me. Hack number 20 is using screenshots. me. Hack number 20 is using screenshots. me. Hack number 20 is using screenshots. Just remember that Claude can actually Just remember that Claude can actually Just remember that Claude can actually see and this is a huge unlock which see and this is a huge unlock which see and this is a huge unlock which means you can feed it error messages means you can feed it error messages means you can feed it error messages which means you can feed it, you know, which means you can feed it, you know, which means you can feed it, you know, inspiration websites. You can also do a inspiration websites. You can also do a inspiration websites. You can also do a really cool selfch check loop where you really cool selfch check loop where you really cool selfch check loop where you can say things like take a screenshot of can say things like take a screenshot of can say things like take a screenshot of the website and tell me if the layout the website and tell me if the layout the website and tell me if the layout looks right. And it will literally looks right. And it will literally looks right. And it will literally screenshot it, analyze it visually, and screenshot it, analyze it visually, and screenshot it, analyze it visually, and tell you what's off. So, if you remember tell you what's off. So, if you remember tell you what's off. So, if you remember one of the hacks from earlier where I one of the hacks from earlier where I one of the hacks from earlier where I said to have it check itself, when I'm said to have it check itself, when I'm said to have it check itself, when I'm building websites, I basically have it building websites, I basically have it building websites, I basically have it design the website, screenshot, and then design the website, screenshot, and then design the website, screenshot, and then implement new changes, and then do that implement new changes, and then do that implement new changes, and then do that again. And so, it does like three passes again. And so, it does like three passes again. And so, it does like three passes of building and screenshots before it of building and screenshots before it of building and screenshots before it even gives me V1. And in that flow, the even gives me V1. And in that flow, the even gives me V1. And in that flow, the V1 that it gives me is so much better V1 that it gives me is so much better V1 that it gives me is so much better than a V1 that it used to give me. Hack than a V1 that it used to give me. Hack than a V1 that it used to give me. Hack number 21 is to use Chrome Dev Tools. So number 21 is to use Chrome Dev Tools. So number 21 is to use Chrome Dev Tools. So Claude can open a browser, it can Claude can open a browser, it can Claude can open a browser, it can interact with an app, it can check the interact with an app, it can check the interact with an app, it can check the functionality of things. And so it's functionality of things. And so it's functionality of things. And so it's kind of like the screenshot loop, but kind of like the screenshot loop, but kind of like the screenshot loop, but instead of for like websites and design, instead of for like websites and design, instead of for like websites and design, it's for actual functionality of like it's for actual functionality of like it's for actual functionality of like apps and buttons. This is huge for apps and buttons. This is huge for apps and buttons. This is huge for front-end work. So definitely give it a front-end work. So definitely give it a front-end work. So definitely give it a try. But this also means that it can do try. But this also means that it can do try. But this also means that it can do things like filling out forms and things like filling out forms and things like filling out forms and potentially like recaps and stuff. But potentially like recaps and stuff. But potentially like recaps and stuff. But this is also huge because if there's not this is also huge because if there's not this is also huge because if there's not an explicit API somewhere, it can go in an explicit API somewhere, it can go in an explicit API somewhere, it can go in and manually do things. I think that it and manually do things. I think that it and manually do things. I think that it could also solve captas, but it's could also solve captas, but it's could also solve captas, but it's probably better if you're already signed probably better if you're already signed probably better if you're already signed in somewhere and all it has to do is in somewhere and all it has to do is in somewhere and all it has to do is navigate, click buttons, fill out navigate, click buttons, fill out navigate, click buttons, fill out things. Hack number 22 is to clone things. Hack number 22 is to clone things. Hack number 22 is to clone inspiration sites. So, you can take inspiration sites. So, you can take inspiration sites. So, you can take screenshots of sites that you really screenshots of sites that you really screenshots of sites that you really like and feed it to Claude and say, like and feed it to Claude and say, like and feed it to Claude and say, "Make it look like this." Claude will "Make it look like this." Claude will "Make it look like this." Claude will recreate the design patterns without recreate the design patterns without recreate the design patterns without making it look like generic AI slot. And making it look like generic AI slot. And making it look like generic AI slot. And this is huge for front-end quality this is huge for front-end quality this is huge for front-end quality because you could also use the site as because you could also use the site as because you could also use the site as inspiration by taking some of the actual inspiration by taking some of the actual inspiration by taking some of the actual like HTML styling and feed that into like HTML styling and feed that into like HTML styling and feed that into Claude, too. So yes, Claude could Claude, too. So yes, Claude could Claude, too. So yes, Claude could essentially clone a website, but what essentially clone a website, but what essentially clone a website, but what you want to do is take that as kind of a you want to do is take that as kind of a you want to do is take that as kind of a template and give it your own touch. template and give it your own touch. template and give it your own touch. Okay, so now we're going to move on to Okay, so now we're going to move on to Okay, so now we're going to move on to some more advanced stuff. These hacks some more advanced stuff. These hacks some more advanced stuff. These hacks are for people who really want to push are for people who really want to push are for people who really want to push cloud code to its limits. So let's go. cloud code to its limits. So let's go. cloud code to its limits. So let's go. All right, hack number 23 is to run All right, hack number 23 is to run All right, hack number 23 is to run parallel sessions with git work trees. parallel sessions with git work trees. parallel sessions with git work trees. Normally when you're working on a Normally when you're working on a Normally when you're working on a project, you've got it in one folder project, you've got it in one folder project, you've got it in one folder with all your files in it. So if you with all your files in it. So if you with all your files in it. So if you want to run two different sessions in want to run two different sessions in want to run two different sessions in the same folder at the same time, they the same folder at the same time, they the same folder at the same time, they might overwrite each other's work, and might overwrite each other's work, and might overwrite each other's work, and that's where work trees come in. So that's where work trees come in. So that's where work trees come in. So think of workree like basically making a think of workree like basically making a think of workree like basically making a parallel copy of your project except parallel copy of your project except parallel copy of your project except it's way more efficient than actually it's way more efficient than actually it's way more efficient than actually copying the folder. You just type in copying the folder. You just type in copying the folder. You just type in claude-workree claude-workree claude-workree and then that feature name. So claude and then that feature name. So claude and then that feature name. So claude will then create an isolated workspace will then create an isolated workspace will then create an isolated workspace on its own branch. You could then open on its own branch. You could then open on its own branch. You could then open up another terminal and type in the same up another terminal and type in the same up another terminal and type in the same thing with a different feature name and thing with a different feature name and thing with a different feature name and it will open up a different branch. So it will open up a different branch. So it will open up a different branch. So now you can be working on the same now you can be working on the same now you can be working on the same project at the same time without having project at the same time without having project at the same time without having those coding agents step on each other. those coding agents step on each other. those coding agents step on each other. You could have three, four or five of You could have three, four or five of You could have three, four or five of these things going at once. And when these things going at once. And when these things going at once. And when you're done, you can have them just you're done, you can have them just you're done, you can have them just merge the branches back together just merge the branches back together just merge the branches back together just like you would with any other git like you would with any other git like you would with any other git branch. So all the work can save back to branch. So all the work can save back to branch. So all the work can save back to the main project once again without the main project once again without the main project once again without overwriting each other's files. All overwriting each other's files. All overwriting each other's files. All right, hack number 24 is to use API right, hack number 24 is to use API right, hack number 24 is to use API endpoints instead of MCP servers endpoints instead of MCP servers endpoints instead of MCP servers depending on the situation. But here's depending on the situation. But here's depending on the situation. But here's what I mean by that. MCP servers are what I mean by that. MCP servers are what I mean by that. MCP servers are great because you can look at all the great because you can look at all the great because you can look at all the different tools and execute any of them, different tools and execute any of them, different tools and execute any of them, but they load their entire tool but they load their entire tool but they load their entire tool definitions into the context window. So definitions into the context window. So definitions into the context window. So if you're tight on tokens, sometimes if you're tight on tokens, sometimes if you're tight on tokens, sometimes it's better to just use direct API it's better to just use direct API it's better to just use direct API endpoints instead. So, for example, endpoints instead. So, for example, endpoints instead. So, for example, let's say you're using Notion and you let's say you're using Notion and you let's say you're using Notion and you only actually need to be able to read only actually need to be able to read only actually need to be able to read one database. It makes no sense to show one database. It makes no sense to show one database. It makes no sense to show Claude how to do all of the other Claude how to do all of the other Claude how to do all of the other functions if for this specific project functions if for this specific project functions if for this specific project you only have to read one file. So, you only have to read one file. So, you only have to read one file. So, instead just hardcode in that endpoint instead just hardcode in that endpoint instead just hardcode in that endpoint and now you're saving tons and tons of and now you're saving tons and tons of and now you're saving tons and tons of tokens. All right, hack number 25 is to tokens. All right, hack number 25 is to tokens. All right, hack number 25 is to use /loop for recurring tasks. So, you use /loop for recurring tasks. So, you use /loop for recurring tasks. So, you can type, hey, every 5 minutes check in can type, hey, every 5 minutes check in can type, hey, every 5 minutes check in on the deployment. And Cloud will rerun on the deployment. And Cloud will rerun on the deployment. And Cloud will rerun that prompt in that same session every that prompt in that same session every that prompt in that same session every single 5 minutes unless you close out of single 5 minutes unless you close out of single 5 minutes unless you close out of that session. You can set it to monitor that session. You can set it to monitor that session. You can set it to monitor a PR, check error logs, pull a build, a PR, check error logs, pull a build, a PR, check error logs, pull a build, whatever. It runs in the background and whatever. It runs in the background and whatever. It runs in the background and it only interrupts you when something it only interrupts you when something it only interrupts you when something actually needs your attention. You can actually needs your attention. You can actually needs your attention. You can even set one-time reminders in natural even set one-time reminders in natural even set one-time reminders in natural language, like remind me at 3 p.m. to language, like remind me at 3 p.m. to language, like remind me at 3 p.m. to check in with the team on X. Now, the check in with the team on X. Now, the check in with the team on X. Now, the only caveat here is these actual loops only caveat here is these actual loops only caveat here is these actual loops will only last for 3 days. So, if you will only last for 3 days. So, if you will only last for 3 days. So, if you need a scheduled automation that's a need a scheduled automation that's a need a scheduled automation that's a little bit longer term, then you're little bit longer term, then you're little bit longer term, then you're going to want to use the desktop going to want to use the desktop going to want to use the desktop scheduled tasks. Although, the only scheduled tasks. Although, the only scheduled tasks. Although, the only difference here is every time one of difference here is every time one of difference here is every time one of those tasks spin up, it's in an those tasks spin up, it's in an those tasks spin up, it's in an individual session, so it doesn't have individual session, so it doesn't have individual session, so it doesn't have that context memory. Number 26 is to that context memory. Number 26 is to that context memory. Number 26 is to host on a VPS for always on sessions. So host on a VPS for always on sessions. So host on a VPS for always on sessions. So if you want to run cloud code on a if you want to run cloud code on a if you want to run cloud code on a remote server, it'll stay running even remote server, it'll stay running even remote server, it'll stay running even when your laptop is closed, which means when your laptop is closed, which means when your laptop is closed, which means you can SSH in whenever you need to you can SSH in whenever you need to you can SSH in whenever you need to interact, which means you can talk to it interact, which means you can talk to it interact, which means you can talk to it through Telegram anytime. This is through Telegram anytime. This is through Telegram anytime. This is perfect for longunning tasks where you perfect for longunning tasks where you perfect for longunning tasks where you don't want to babysit a local terminal. don't want to babysit a local terminal. don't want to babysit a local terminal. Hack number 27 is you can use remote Hack number 27 is you can use remote Hack number 27 is you can use remote control from your phone. So this is a control from your phone. So this is a control from your phone. So this is a pretty new feature, but Cloud Code now pretty new feature, but Cloud Code now pretty new feature, but Cloud Code now lets you control local sessions from lets you control local sessions from lets you control local sessions from your phone or any browser. You start a your phone or any browser. You start a your phone or any browser. You start a task at your local desk and then you task at your local desk and then you task at your local desk and then you walk away and you can keep steering it walk away and you can keep steering it walk away and you can keep steering it from your phone. Your code never from your phone. Your code never from your phone. Your code never actually leaves your local machine, but actually leaves your local machine, but actually leaves your local machine, but it's just the remote connection is on it's just the remote connection is on it's just the remote connection is on your phone. So, you can start something your phone. So, you can start something your phone. So, you can start something heavy, go grab a coffee, go on a walk, heavy, go grab a coffee, go on a walk, heavy, go grab a coffee, go on a walk, and you can keep building from your and you can keep building from your and you can keep building from your pocket. Hack number 28 is there's no SQL pocket. Hack number 28 is there's no SQL pocket. Hack number 28 is there's no SQL data analytics. So, you can connect CLI data analytics. So, you can connect CLI data analytics. So, you can connect CLI tools like Big Query's BQ tool to cloud tools like Big Query's BQ tool to cloud tools like Big Query's BQ tool to cloud code. And then you can just ask code. And then you can just ask code. And then you can just ask questions in plain English like, what questions in plain English like, what questions in plain English like, what were our top 10 revenue sources last were our top 10 revenue sources last were our top 10 revenue sources last quarter? And cloud will instantly quarter? And cloud will instantly quarter? And cloud will instantly translate that into the right query, run translate that into the right query, run translate that into the right query, run it, and then give you that answer. No it, and then give you that answer. No it, and then give you that answer. No SQL required. And this should work for SQL required. And this should work for SQL required. And this should work for any CLI based tool. Number 28 is any CLI based tool. Number 28 is any CLI based tool. Number 28 is Ultrathink. When you need clawed code to Ultrathink. When you need clawed code to Ultrathink. When you need clawed code to really think through a hard problem like really think through a hard problem like really think through a hard problem like architecture decisions, complex architecture decisions, complex architecture decisions, complex debugging, big refactors, or maybe it's debugging, big refactors, or maybe it's debugging, big refactors, or maybe it's just not giving you the right output just not giving you the right output just not giving you the right output after a couple prompts, try using after a couple prompts, try using after a couple prompts, try using Ultraink. You literally just type the Ultraink. You literally just type the Ultraink. You literally just type the word and it will go all colorful. And word and it will go all colorful. And word and it will go all colorful. And this means that it allocates the maximum this means that it allocates the maximum this means that it allocates the maximum thinking budget of around 32,000 tokens thinking budget of around 32,000 tokens thinking budget of around 32,000 tokens before Claude actually responds. So, before Claude actually responds. So, before Claude actually responds. So, don't always use this for a simple fix, don't always use this for a simple fix, don't always use this for a simple fix, but absolutely use it if you're making but absolutely use it if you're making but absolutely use it if you're making decisions that might affect the entire decisions that might affect the entire decisions that might affect the entire system or like I said, if after the system or like I said, if after the system or like I said, if after the first couple tries it's not giving you first couple tries it's not giving you first couple tries it's not giving you what you want. Hack 30 is to edit what you want. Hack 30 is to edit what you want. Hack 30 is to edit permissions for safe autonomy. A lot of permissions for safe autonomy. A lot of permissions for safe autonomy. A lot of people, including myself, have shown on people, including myself, have shown on people, including myself, have shown on videos using dangerously skip videos using dangerously skip videos using dangerously skip permissions to make sure that Claude can permissions to make sure that Claude can permissions to make sure that Claude can just run without asking for approval on just run without asking for approval on just run without asking for approval on every single step. And yeah, it's much every single step. And yeah, it's much every single step. And yeah, it's much faster, but it is called dangerously faster, but it is called dangerously faster, but it is called dangerously skip permissions for a reason. So, the skip permissions for a reason. So, the skip permissions for a reason. So, the smarter way to go about it is to go into smarter way to go about it is to go into smarter way to go about it is to go into your permissions and explicitly allow your permissions and explicitly allow your permissions and explicitly allow the commands that you know are safe and the commands that you know are safe and the commands that you know are safe and then explicitly deny anything that's then explicitly deny anything that's then explicitly deny anything that's destructive, like deletes or removes. destructive, like deletes or removes. destructive, like deletes or removes. And now you can actually get to the And now you can actually get to the And now you can actually get to the point where you have the same exact point where you have the same exact point where you have the same exact speed and autonomy of dangerously skip speed and autonomy of dangerously skip speed and autonomy of dangerously skip permissions without it being very permissions without it being very permissions without it being very dangerous. And anything in the deny list dangerous. And anything in the deny list dangerous. And anything in the deny list is going to take priority over anything is going to take priority over anything is going to take priority over anything in the allow list. Hack number 31 is to in the allow list. Hack number 31 is to in the allow list. Hack number 31 is to use agent teams. So remember how we use agent teams. So remember how we use agent teams. So remember how we talked about sub agents being able to talked about sub agents being able to talked about sub agents being able to run agents in parallel that have fresh run agents in parallel that have fresh run agents in parallel that have fresh context but can't talk to each other? context but can't talk to each other? context but can't talk to each other? Agent teams are like that but all of the Agent teams are like that but all of the Agent teams are like that but all of the agents can talk to each other. So it agents can talk to each other. So it agents can talk to each other. So it gets really really cool. They share a gets really really cool. They share a gets really really cool. They share a task list. They can communicate with task list. They can communicate with task list. They can communicate with each other and they can even assign each each other and they can even assign each each other and they can even assign each other work. and you can actually talk to other work. and you can actually talk to other work. and you can actually talk to each of those individual agents instead each of those individual agents instead each of those individual agents instead of just having to go through the main of just having to go through the main of just having to go through the main one and then the main one would one and then the main one would one and then the main one would communicate with sub aents. These are a communicate with sub aents. These are a communicate with sub aents. These are a little bit more expensive and they do little bit more expensive and they do little bit more expensive and they do run longer, but they will give you a run longer, but they will give you a run longer, but they will give you a much more cohesive output for a big much more cohesive output for a big much more cohesive output for a big project. Hack number 32 is context 7 project. Hack number 32 is context 7 project. Hack number 32 is context 7 MCP. This one's a game changer. You can MCP. This one's a game changer. You can MCP. This one's a game changer. You can install the context 7 MCP server and install the context 7 MCP server and install the context 7 MCP server and then whenever you need information on then whenever you need information on then whenever you need information on current documentation just prompted to current documentation just prompted to current documentation just prompted to use that MCP server. The problem that it use that MCP server. The problem that it use that MCP server. The problem that it solves is that Claude's training data solves is that Claude's training data solves is that Claude's training data has a cut off, which means sometimes it has a cut off, which means sometimes it has a cut off, which means sometimes it might suggest functions or APIs that might suggest functions or APIs that might suggest functions or APIs that have been renamed or deprecated or just have been renamed or deprecated or just have been renamed or deprecated or just don't even exist anymore. So, Context 7 don't even exist anymore. So, Context 7 don't even exist anymore. So, Context 7 fixes that because it has up to eight fixes that because it has up to eight fixes that because it has up to eight version specific technical documentation version specific technical documentation version specific technical documentation about live code examples from thousands about live code examples from thousands about live code examples from thousands of popular libraries that you probably of popular libraries that you probably of popular libraries that you probably need with a coding assistant like need with a coding assistant like need with a coding assistant like Nex.js, React, MongoDB, you name it. So, Nex.js, React, MongoDB, you name it. So, Nex.js, React, MongoDB, you name it. So, it's able to pull and read all current it's able to pull and read all current it's able to pull and read all current documentation and then inject it into documentation and then inject it into documentation and then inject it into the conversation before Claude actually the conversation before Claude actually the conversation before Claude actually starts writing any code. So, it's starts writing any code. So, it's starts writing any code. So, it's basically one command to install and basically one command to install and basically one command to install and from there all of your coding agents are from there all of your coding agents are from there all of your coding agents are working with much more up-to-date working with much more up-to-date working with much more up-to-date information and it's a huge quality information and it's a huge quality information and it's a huge quality improvement. All right, so I know that improvement. All right, so I know that improvement. All right, so I know that we covered a ton of information in this we covered a ton of information in this we covered a ton of information in this video. So, what I did is I threw all of video. So, what I did is I threw all of video. So, what I did is I threw all of this into a PDF resource guide so that this into a PDF resource guide so that this into a PDF resource guide so that you can just come back and reference you can just come back and reference you can just come back and reference them whenever you want. That's available them whenever you want. That's available them whenever you want. That's available completely for free inside of my free completely for free inside of my free completely for free inside of my free school community. The link for that is school community. The link for that is school community. The link for that is down in the description. But that's down in the description. But that's down in the description. But that's going to do it for this one. So, if you going to do it for this one. So, if you going to do it for this one. So, if you guys enjoyed or you learned something guys enjoyed or you learned something guys enjoyed or you learned something new, please give it a like. It new, please give it a like. It new, please give it a like. It definitely helps me out a ton. And as definitely helps me out a ton. And as definitely helps me out a ton. And as always, I appreciate you guys making it always, I appreciate you guys making it always, I appreciate you guys making it to the end of the video. I will see you to the end of the video. I will see you to the end of the video. I will see you all in the next one. Thanks, everyone. All right. So, here I am in cloud code All right. So, here I am in cloud code All right. So, here I am in cloud code in the terminal right over here. What in the terminal right over here. What in the terminal right over here. What you'll notice is that this agent is you'll notice is that this agent is you'll notice is that this agent is actually my cloud code agent. So, when I actually my cloud code agent. So, when I actually my cloud code agent. So, when I send off this message where I'm asking send off this message where I'm asking send off this message where I'm asking it to spin up two researcher agents, one it to spin up two researcher agents, one it to spin up two researcher agents, one to research Google, one to research to research Google, one to research to research Google, one to research OpenAI, and then create a visual OpenAI, and then create a visual OpenAI, and then create a visual diagram, you'll see that this agent diagram, you'll see that this agent diagram, you'll see that this agent actually gets that task. And now you can actually gets that task. And now you can actually gets that task. And now you can see that we have three agents actually see that we have three agents actually see that we have three agents actually running right now in parallel. This running right now in parallel. This running right now in parallel. This one's researching Google AI strengths one's researching Google AI strengths one's researching Google AI strengths and this one is researching OpenAI and this one is researching OpenAI and this one is researching OpenAI strengths. And this is the main one that strengths. And this is the main one that strengths. And this is the main one that delegated the tasks to those two delegated the tasks to those two delegated the tasks to those two researcher agents, which you can also researcher agents, which you can also researcher agents, which you can also see on this right hand side. That's see on this right hand side. That's see on this right hand side. That's exactly what's being ran right now. And exactly what's being ran right now. And exactly what's being ran right now. And if I wanted to open up another terminal, if I wanted to open up another terminal, if I wanted to open up another terminal, so I add another agent. It plops in so I add another agent. It plops in so I add another agent. It plops in another agent right here in which I can another agent right here in which I can another agent right here in which I can have a different conversation with. Give have a different conversation with. Give have a different conversation with. Give me a quick analysis of my YouTube me a quick analysis of my YouTube me a quick analysis of my YouTube comment section from the past couple comment section from the past couple comment section from the past couple videos I've made. So now I shoot that videos I've made. So now I shoot that videos I've made. So now I shoot that message off to this AI agent in Cloud message off to this AI agent in Cloud message off to this AI agent in Cloud Code, and it's going to pick up the task Code, and it's going to pick up the task Code, and it's going to pick up the task and start working on other things. As and start working on other things. As and start working on other things. As you can see now, this one is searching you can see now, this one is searching you can see now, this one is searching files and finding out what it needs to files and finding out what it needs to files and finding out what it needs to do. And you just heard that little do. And you just heard that little do. And you just heard that little notification noise, which means that notification noise, which means that notification noise, which means that this spun up a sub aent. And you can see this spun up a sub aent. And you can see this spun up a sub aent. And you can see that it was analyzing comments, but now that it was analyzing comments, but now that it was analyzing comments, but now it needs approval. So basically, what we it needs approval. So basically, what we it needs approval. So basically, what we have here is a visual way to see all of have here is a visual way to see all of have here is a visual way to see all of the different terminals and sub aents the different terminals and sub aents the different terminals and sub aents that we have working in cloud code. We that we have working in cloud code. We that we have working in cloud code. We get notifications and we get visual get notifications and we get visual get notifications and we get visual things like this that tell us what things like this that tell us what things like this that tell us what they're doing. So I can see that those they're doing. So I can see that those they're doing. So I can see that those sub aents on this lefth hand side are sub aents on this lefth hand side are sub aents on this lefth hand side are disappearing. So, I can hop back over to disappearing. So, I can hop back over to disappearing. So, I can hop back over to that first terminal and I'll be able to that first terminal and I'll be able to that first terminal and I'll be able to see that this first one is already done. see that this first one is already done. see that this first one is already done. And now the OpenAI one is still being And now the OpenAI one is still being And now the OpenAI one is still being worked on, which is this agent right worked on, which is this agent right worked on, which is this agent right over here. Okay. I don't know where over here. Okay. I don't know where over here. Okay. I don't know where she's off to, but you can see now that she's off to, but you can see now that she's off to, but you can see now that both of these agents are done. They're both of these agents are done. They're both of these agents are done. They're idle. They're done working. So, in the idle. They're done working. So, in the idle. They're done working. So, in the first terminal, we can see here's the first terminal, we can see here's the first terminal, we can see here's the visual. It came out clean. We have stuff visual. It came out clean. We have stuff visual. It came out clean. We have stuff about Google's edge, Google's gaps, about Google's edge, Google's gaps, about Google's edge, Google's gaps, OpenAI's edge, OpenAI's gaps. So, here's OpenAI's edge, OpenAI's gaps. So, here's OpenAI's edge, OpenAI's gaps. So, here's that actual visualization that it made. that actual visualization that it made. that actual visualization that it made. We have strengths, weaknesses for both We have strengths, weaknesses for both We have strengths, weaknesses for both Google and OpenAI. Sometimes AI Google and OpenAI. Sometimes AI Google and OpenAI. Sometimes AI generation can be notoriously bad on generation can be notoriously bad on generation can be notoriously bad on text, but this one looks pretty decent. text, but this one looks pretty decent. text, but this one looks pretty decent. Only a few errors I can see. And then Only a few errors I can see. And then Only a few errors I can see. And then coming over to the second terminal, we coming over to the second terminal, we coming over to the second terminal, we can see the comment analysis over the can see the comment analysis over the can see the comment analysis over the last two weeks. So we've got some pain last two weeks. So we've got some pain last two weeks. So we've got some pain points about cloud API costs, edited points about cloud API costs, edited points about cloud API costs, edited into cloud code, getting first client into cloud code, getting first client into cloud code, getting first client with zero social proof. We've got most with zero social proof. We've got most with zero social proof. We've got most requested videos. We've got notable requested videos. We've got notable requested videos. We've got notable patterns. And then we have recent video patterns. And then we have recent video patterns. And then we have recent video performance snapshot. But I'm sure you performance snapshot. But I'm sure you performance snapshot. But I'm sure you guys could tell that the point of this guys could tell that the point of this guys could tell that the point of this quick demo wasn't to actually show you quick demo wasn't to actually show you quick demo wasn't to actually show you the outputs. It was to show you what we the outputs. It was to show you what we the outputs. It was to show you what we were able to do here and how we could were able to do here and how we could were able to do here and how we could see these two different terminal agents see these two different terminal agents see these two different terminal agents spin up sub agents and we could keep spin up sub agents and we could keep spin up sub agents and we could keep tabs on them visually. So, tabs on them visually. So, tabs on them visually. So, unfortunately, I'm going to say goodbye unfortunately, I'm going to say goodbye unfortunately, I'm going to say goodbye to these agents so we can get on with to these agents so we can get on with to these agents so we can get on with the video and I'm going to kill these the video and I'm going to kill these the video and I'm going to kill these terminal sessions right here so I can terminal sessions right here so I can terminal sessions right here so I can actually explain to you guys how this actually explain to you guys how this actually explain to you guys how this works and what I think about it. Okay, works and what I think about it. Okay, works and what I think about it. Okay, so the way that we are doing this is we so the way that we are doing this is we so the way that we are doing this is we are using Visual Studio Code and that's are using Visual Studio Code and that's are using Visual Studio Code and that's where I've been using Claude Code as an where I've been using Claude Code as an where I've been using Claude Code as an extension. If you've been following my extension. If you've been following my extension. If you've been following my channel for a while, we're using an channel for a while, we're using an channel for a while, we're using an extension in VS Code called Pixel extension in VS Code called Pixel extension in VS Code called Pixel Agents, which basically turns your AI Agents, which basically turns your AI Agents, which basically turns your AI coding agents into animated pixel art coding agents into animated pixel art coding agents into animated pixel art characters in a virtual office that you characters in a virtual office that you characters in a virtual office that you can fully customize. So, I'll have a can fully customize. So, I'll have a can fully customize. So, I'll have a link to this page right here, and I will link to this page right here, and I will link to this page right here, and I will have a link to the GitHub repository in have a link to the GitHub repository in have a link to the GitHub repository in the description, but I'll also show you the description, but I'll also show you the description, but I'll also show you guys like exactly how you set this up. guys like exactly how you set this up. guys like exactly how you set this up. So, before we actually jump into that, So, before we actually jump into that, So, before we actually jump into that, real quick, just wanted to go over like real quick, just wanted to go over like real quick, just wanted to go over like what are we doing here, and what is what are we doing here, and what is what are we doing here, and what is Cloud Code because that's the little Cloud Code because that's the little Cloud Code because that's the little agents that we were actually spinning agents that we were actually spinning agents that we were actually spinning up. Well, Cloud Code is an AI in our up. Well, Cloud Code is an AI in our up. Well, Cloud Code is an AI in our terminal. It can write and edit code. terminal. It can write and edit code. terminal. It can write and edit code. code. It can understand our codebase and code. It can understand our codebase and code. It can understand our codebase and it can run commands on our behalf. And it can run commands on our behalf. And it can run commands on our behalf. And what's going on when you're using a what's going on when you're using a what's going on when you're using a coding assistant like cloud code is you coding assistant like cloud code is you coding assistant like cloud code is you basically are just looking at terminal basically are just looking at terminal basically are just looking at terminal or you're looking at what the AI model or you're looking at what the AI model or you're looking at what the AI model is thinking and what it's doing. But is thinking and what it's doing. But is thinking and what it's doing. But what's actually happening behind the what's actually happening behind the what's actually happening behind the scenes is files are getting read, plans scenes is files are getting read, plans scenes is files are getting read, plans are being created, code is being are being created, code is being are being created, code is being executed, and tests are being ran. So executed, and tests are being ran. So executed, and tests are being ran. So there's a lot of stuff going on that we there's a lot of stuff going on that we there's a lot of stuff going on that we don't really visually get to see, don't really visually get to see, don't really visually get to see, especially when we start to spin up tons especially when we start to spin up tons especially when we start to spin up tons of parallel agents and have different of parallel agents and have different of parallel agents and have different terminals running. So basically what terminals running. So basically what terminals running. So basically what happens is cloud code is working. It happens is cloud code is working. It happens is cloud code is working. It creates an activity log that already creates an activity log that already creates an activity log that already happened by default and pixel agents happened by default and pixel agents happened by default and pixel agents basically just picks up that activity basically just picks up that activity basically just picks up that activity log and then displays it in some sort of log and then displays it in some sort of log and then displays it in some sort of animation. It's honestly a very similar animation. It's honestly a very similar animation. It's honestly a very similar flow if you watch the way I set up my flow if you watch the way I set up my flow if you watch the way I set up my OpenClaw personal assistant and I could OpenClaw personal assistant and I could OpenClaw personal assistant and I could see what he was working on and if he see what he was working on and if he see what he was working on and if he spun up any sub aents. And like I said, spun up any sub aents. And like I said, spun up any sub aents. And like I said, it's pretty cool to be able to monitor it's pretty cool to be able to monitor it's pretty cool to be able to monitor our different agents at a glance rather our different agents at a glance rather our different agents at a glance rather than having to flip through different than having to flip through different than having to flip through different terminals, especially because I love to terminals, especially because I love to terminals, especially because I love to multitask when I'm using Cloud Code. So, multitask when I'm using Cloud Code. So, multitask when I'm using Cloud Code. So, one monitor I'll be coding with stuff one monitor I'll be coding with stuff one monitor I'll be coding with stuff and the other monitor I'll be working on and the other monitor I'll be working on and the other monitor I'll be working on other things and I can just kind of other things and I can just kind of other things and I can just kind of easily glance back and forth. So, if you easily glance back and forth. So, if you easily glance back and forth. So, if you want to actually try this out for want to actually try this out for want to actually try this out for yourself, it's super easy. You just have yourself, it's super easy. You just have yourself, it's super easy. You just have to go download Visual Studio Code if you to go download Visual Studio Code if you to go download Visual Studio Code if you don't have it already. Unfortunately, don't have it already. Unfortunately, don't have it already. Unfortunately, right now there's only support for right now there's only support for right now there's only support for Windows. So, if you're on a Mac or a Windows. So, if you're on a Mac or a Windows. So, if you're on a Mac or a different operating system, I don't different operating system, I don't different operating system, I don't think you can use this yet. This think you can use this yet. This think you can use this yet. This literally came out like a few days ago. literally came out like a few days ago. literally came out like a few days ago. But anyways, once you are in a fresh But anyways, once you are in a fresh But anyways, once you are in a fresh instance of VS Code, this is what it instance of VS Code, this is what it instance of VS Code, this is what it will look like. And what you'll do is on will look like. And what you'll do is on will look like. And what you'll do is on this left-hand side, you'll come over to this left-hand side, you'll come over to this left-hand side, you'll come over to extensions and you'll literally just extensions and you'll literally just extensions and you'll literally just type in pixel agents. And if you type in type in pixel agents. And if you type in type in pixel agents. And if you type in pixel agents, you'll be able to see pixel agents, you'll be able to see pixel agents, you'll be able to see right here pixel art office where your right here pixel art office where your right here pixel art office where your cloud code agents come to life. This is cloud code agents come to life. This is cloud code agents come to life. This is the one that I installed and have just the one that I installed and have just the one that I installed and have just showed you as a demo. It's fairly new, showed you as a demo. It's fairly new, showed you as a demo. It's fairly new, but I am going to go over some security but I am going to go over some security but I am going to go over some security stuff near the end of the video. But you stuff near the end of the video. But you stuff near the end of the video. But you could read through this to understand could read through this to understand could read through this to understand what exactly this does. You basically what exactly this does. You basically what exactly this does. You basically have one agent per character. You have have one agent per character. You have have one agent per character. You have live activity tracking. You can design live activity tracking. You can design live activity tracking. You can design the office with the floors, the the office with the floors, the the office with the floors, the furniture, everything like that. You can furniture, everything like that. You can furniture, everything like that. You can see speech bubbles. you get sound see speech bubbles. you get sound see speech bubbles. you get sound notifications, sub agent visualization, notifications, sub agent visualization, notifications, sub agent visualization, and there are six different characters and there are six different characters and there are six different characters that could spawn. It'll go into some that could spawn. It'll go into some that could spawn. It'll go into some requirements and it will go into some requirements and it will go into some requirements and it will go into some things about how to actually use it. But things about how to actually use it. But things about how to actually use it. But if you want to test it out, then hop in if you want to test it out, then hop in if you want to test it out, then hop in here. And here's where unfortunately it here. And here's where unfortunately it here. And here's where unfortunately it says that it's right now Windows only says that it's right now Windows only says that it's right now Windows only testing. And on the road map, you can testing. And on the road map, you can testing. And on the road map, you can see that there's lots of things they see that there's lots of things they see that there's lots of things they want to add like having cloud code agent want to add like having cloud code agent want to add like having cloud code agent teams because right now it's just like teams because right now it's just like teams because right now it's just like parallel agents. So anyways, once you parallel agents. So anyways, once you parallel agents. So anyways, once you have installed that, what you're going have installed that, what you're going have installed that, what you're going to do is open up a folder. So, let's to do is open up a folder. So, let's to do is open up a folder. So, let's just say you come to the explorer and just say you come to the explorer and just say you come to the explorer and you open up a project that you want to you open up a project that you want to you open up a project that you want to be working in. So, here I just opened up be working in. So, here I just opened up be working in. So, here I just opened up my Herk 2, which is basically like my my Herk 2, which is basically like my my Herk 2, which is basically like my second brain executive assistant type of second brain executive assistant type of second brain executive assistant type of deal. It's really weird, but if you want deal. It's really weird, but if you want deal. It's really weird, but if you want to get this project to work, your folder to get this project to work, your folder to get this project to work, your folder cannot have a space or a period in it. cannot have a space or a period in it. cannot have a space or a period in it. As you can see down here, this used to As you can see down here, this used to As you can see down here, this used to be called Herkpace 2.0 and then it was be called Herkpace 2.0 and then it was be called Herkpace 2.0 and then it was Herk 2.0 and now it's HERK-2. So, make Herk 2.0 and now it's HERK-2. So, make Herk 2.0 and now it's HERK-2. So, make sure you don't have those things in sure you don't have those things in sure you don't have those things in there if you want the pixel agents to there if you want the pixel agents to there if you want the pixel agents to actually pick up the activity log and actually pick up the activity log and actually pick up the activity log and actually reflect what you're doing. actually reflect what you're doing. actually reflect what you're doing. You're welcome. I had to learn that the You're welcome. I had to learn that the You're welcome. I had to learn that the hard way. So once you're in here, you're hard way. So once you're in here, you're hard way. So once you're in here, you're going to open up the terminal. So if I'm going to open up the terminal. So if I'm going to open up the terminal. So if I'm on Windows, I'm going to do control and on Windows, I'm going to do control and on Windows, I'm going to do control and then the little tilda. And this opens up then the little tilda. And this opens up then the little tilda. And this opens up the terminal. And then here is where you the terminal. And then here is where you the terminal. And then here is where you can see I have a pixel agents tab, which can see I have a pixel agents tab, which can see I have a pixel agents tab, which opens up the little workspace. Now what opens up the little workspace. Now what opens up the little workspace. Now what I want to do is I want to see half and I want to do is I want to see half and I want to do is I want to see half and half. So I basically grab this and drag half. So I basically grab this and drag half. So I basically grab this and drag it to the sidebar, which lets me look at it to the sidebar, which lets me look at it to the sidebar, which lets me look at it over here. And then all I have to do it over here. And then all I have to do it over here. And then all I have to do is click on plus agent. And that is click on plus agent. And that is click on plus agent. And that basically opens up a cloud code terminal basically opens up a cloud code terminal basically opens up a cloud code terminal on the right hand side. And it spawns in on the right hand side. And it spawns in on the right hand side. And it spawns in an agent right here. As you can see now, an agent right here. As you can see now, an agent right here. As you can see now, right now, this agent is idle because right now, this agent is idle because right now, this agent is idle because it's not working on anything. So, if I it's not working on anything. So, if I it's not working on anything. So, if I go ahead and say, "Please spin up a go ahead and say, "Please spin up a go ahead and say, "Please spin up a research agent and just find out what's research agent and just find out what's research agent and just find out what's going on with small businesses and AI going on with small businesses and AI going on with small businesses and AI adoption." And I go ahead and shoot that adoption." And I go ahead and shoot that adoption." And I go ahead and shoot that off, then this agent should pick up that off, then this agent should pick up that off, then this agent should pick up that task, and it should also spin up a sub task, and it should also spin up a sub task, and it should also spin up a sub agent. I'm going to add another one that agent. I'm going to add another one that agent. I'm going to add another one that opens up another terminal, and I can add opens up another terminal, and I can add opens up another terminal, and I can add more and more agents. So, we can see more and more agents. So, we can see more and more agents. So, we can see that we could watch all five of these that we could watch all five of these that we could watch all five of these different terminals run at the same different terminals run at the same different terminals run at the same time. And then what you can do in here time. And then what you can do in here time. And then what you can do in here is you can go to your layout and you can is you can go to your layout and you can is you can go to your layout and you can change things up. So I could move around change things up. So I could move around change things up. So I could move around this plant for example. I can move that this plant for example. I can move that this plant for example. I can move that right here. I could go to furniture and right here. I could go to furniture and right here. I could go to furniture and I have storage. I have tech. I have I have storage. I have tech. I have I have storage. I have tech. I have decor. I have all this kind of stuff. I decor. I have all this kind of stuff. I decor. I have all this kind of stuff. I could literally just put a monitor in could literally just put a monitor in could literally just put a monitor in the middle of the kitchen floor if I the middle of the kitchen floor if I the middle of the kitchen floor if I wanted to. And I could keep adding more wanted to. And I could keep adding more wanted to. And I could keep adding more and more. So it's kind of funny. You can and more. So it's kind of funny. You can and more. So it's kind of funny. You can fully customize the way that this looks fully customize the way that this looks fully customize the way that this looks and um the colors of like the floors and and um the colors of like the floors and and um the colors of like the floors and the walls and things like that. Now, the the walls and things like that. Now, the the walls and things like that. Now, the other setting that you can really play other setting that you can really play other setting that you can really play around with would be opening the around with would be opening the around with would be opening the sessions folder to see what's going on, sessions folder to see what's going on, sessions folder to see what's going on, which opens up like a folder like this which opens up like a folder like this which opens up like a folder like this to see activity log and stuff. You can to see activity log and stuff. You can to see activity log and stuff. You can also go to the debug view to see what also go to the debug view to see what also go to the debug view to see what the agents are actually working on. And the agents are actually working on. And the agents are actually working on. And you can turn on or off the sound you can turn on or off the sound you can turn on or off the sound notifications, which is pretty cool. You notifications, which is pretty cool. You notifications, which is pretty cool. You can obviously use something like hooks can obviously use something like hooks can obviously use something like hooks to do that either way, but it's nice to do that either way, but it's nice to do that either way, but it's nice that that is now sort of native with that that is now sort of native with that that is now sort of native with this extension. So, I'm not going to this extension. So, I'm not going to this extension. So, I'm not going to spend too much time here really. I think spend too much time here really. I think spend too much time here really. I think you guys all understand exactly what's you guys all understand exactly what's you guys all understand exactly what's going on. You can see that this agent going on. You can see that this agent going on. You can see that this agent just finished up. Great timing. I just finished up. Great timing. I just finished up. Great timing. I thought I should wrap up this video by thought I should wrap up this video by thought I should wrap up this video by actually just talking about like what is actually just talking about like what is actually just talking about like what is the point of this? Is this just like the point of this? Is this just like the point of this? Is this just like useless? So my first point is about useless? So my first point is about useless? So my first point is about entertainment. I think that there is entertainment. I think that there is entertainment. I think that there is value to having this as just like kind value to having this as just like kind value to having this as just like kind of something that's fun. And the reason of something that's fun. And the reason of something that's fun. And the reason I say that is kind of twofold. The first I say that is kind of twofold. The first I say that is kind of twofold. The first one is I a lot of times like I said one is I a lot of times like I said one is I a lot of times like I said earlier have two monitors up and I'll earlier have two monitors up and I'll earlier have two monitors up and I'll have cloud code going over here and I'll have cloud code going over here and I'll have cloud code going over here and I'll be working on other things here. And it be working on other things here. And it be working on other things here. And it is kind of nice to be able to look over is kind of nice to be able to look over is kind of nice to be able to look over and just see like how many agents are up and just see like how many agents are up and just see like how many agents are up or you know do I need to load them up or you know do I need to load them up or you know do I need to load them up more tasks. But the other piece of it is more tasks. But the other piece of it is more tasks. But the other piece of it is I think that it's visual and that might I think that it's visual and that might I think that it's visual and that might lure some people in who aren't super lure some people in who aren't super lure some people in who aren't super technical or who are intimidated by technical or who are intimidated by technical or who are intimidated by looking at a terminal. I think it's very looking at a terminal. I think it's very looking at a terminal. I think it's very similar to how nitn started to blow up similar to how nitn started to blow up similar to how nitn started to blow up is because they visually had some good is because they visually had some good is because they visually had some good elements that people felt like they elements that people felt like they elements that people felt like they could actually understand just by could actually understand just by could actually understand just by looking at and that kind of leads into looking at and that kind of leads into looking at and that kind of leads into my second point which is about that is my second point which is about that is my second point which is about that is exactly what AI coding is lacking is exactly what AI coding is lacking is exactly what AI coding is lacking is visual elements because kind of like I visual elements because kind of like I visual elements because kind of like I said earlier what we're looking at is a said earlier what we're looking at is a said earlier what we're looking at is a terminal or you know basically a chat terminal or you know basically a chat terminal or you know basically a chat window when in n or something like that window when in n or something like that window when in n or something like that you're seeing visual workflows you're you're seeing visual workflows you're you're seeing visual workflows you're seeing the process of the data and seeing the process of the data and seeing the process of the data and you're seeing things be built or you you're seeing things be built or you you're seeing things be built or you know changed now obviously pixel agents know changed now obviously pixel agents know changed now obviously pixel agents isn't that it's not a representation of isn't that it's not a representation of isn't that it's not a representation of what's they're actually doing. It's just what's they're actually doing. It's just what's they're actually doing. It's just like showing you how many are working. like showing you how many are working. like showing you how many are working. But I definitely think it's a step in But I definitely think it's a step in But I definitely think it's a step in the right direction cuz I think the right direction cuz I think the right direction cuz I think ultimately where I'd love to go is to a ultimately where I'd love to go is to a ultimately where I'd love to go is to a place where claude code builds me, you place where claude code builds me, you place where claude code builds me, you know, workflows and automations and it's know, workflows and automations and it's know, workflows and automations and it's showing me it building them in an NAD showing me it building them in an NAD showing me it building them in an NAD and then we can talk about multi- aent and then we can talk about multi- aent and then we can talk about multi- aent monitoring. There's a lot that can go on monitoring. There's a lot that can go on monitoring. There's a lot that can go on with different agents whether you run with different agents whether you run with different agents whether you run them in parallel and different terminals them in parallel and different terminals them in parallel and different terminals or you've got sub agents or you've got or you've got sub agents or you've got or you've got sub agents or you've got agent teams. And it was kind of cool in agent teams. And it was kind of cool in agent teams. And it was kind of cool in here that you know each of these people here that you know each of these people here that you know each of these people are their own terminal. And so if I see are their own terminal. And so if I see are their own terminal. And so if I see four of this girl, I know that that is four of this girl, I know that that is four of this girl, I know that that is one main and then four sub agents. one main and then four sub agents. one main and then four sub agents. Whereas all of these are just different Whereas all of these are just different Whereas all of these are just different agents running in terminals because they agents running in terminals because they agents running in terminals because they are different things. Parallel agents, are different things. Parallel agents, are different things. Parallel agents, you know, four different terminal you know, four different terminal you know, four different terminal agents. Sub agents are a parent agents. Sub agents are a parent agents. Sub agents are a parent delegating tasks to different sub aents. delegating tasks to different sub aents. delegating tasks to different sub aents. Those sub aents can use different models Those sub aents can use different models Those sub aents can use different models and they have, you know, their own and they have, you know, their own and they have, you know, their own independent context. And then you have independent context. And then you have independent context. And then you have agent teams which pixel agent doesn't agent teams which pixel agent doesn't agent teams which pixel agent doesn't yet actually show but agent teams work yet actually show but agent teams work yet actually show but agent teams work together a little bit better. They don't together a little bit better. They don't together a little bit better. They don't share context necessarily but they share share context necessarily but they share share context necessarily but they share a task list. They can talk to each other a task list. They can talk to each other a task list. They can talk to each other and they understand when the other and they understand when the other and they understand when the other person is done or the other agent is person is done or the other agent is person is done or the other agent is done. And even Boris the genius who is done. And even Boris the genius who is done. And even Boris the genius who is kind of like behind claude code said kind of like behind claude code said kind of like behind claude code said that he's using you know five agents in that he's using you know five agents in that he's using you know five agents in his terminal at all times and then maybe his terminal at all times and then maybe his terminal at all times and then maybe another 10 on the web or something like another 10 on the web or something like another 10 on the web or something like that. So he's always working with tons that. So he's always working with tons that. So he's always working with tons of different agents. So, I am really of different agents. So, I am really of different agents. So, I am really interested to see what Cloud Code does interested to see what Cloud Code does interested to see what Cloud Code does around sort of like more native around sort of like more native around sort of like more native visualization. So, real quick, let's hit visualization. So, real quick, let's hit visualization. So, real quick, let's hit on the security of this plugin because on the security of this plugin because on the security of this plugin because you should really only be installing you should really only be installing you should really only be installing extensions that are verified or that you extensions that are verified or that you extensions that are verified or that you know are safe. So, before I installed know are safe. So, before I installed know are safe. So, before I installed it, I just looked into it a little bit. it, I just looked into it a little bit. it, I just looked into it a little bit. The publisher is named Pablo Deuca. He The publisher is named Pablo Deuca. He The publisher is named Pablo Deuca. He is a verified publisher on the VS Code is a verified publisher on the VS Code is a verified publisher on the VS Code marketplace. I looked into his marketplace. I looked into his marketplace. I looked into his background and he is a real person. He background and he is a real person. He background and he is a real person. He is a co-founder of a company and he has is a co-founder of a company and he has is a co-founder of a company and he has a GitHub repo with 1300 stars and over a GitHub repo with 1300 stars and over a GitHub repo with 1300 stars and over 100 forks. So I think that that means 100 forks. So I think that that means 100 forks. So I think that that means that he's got a little bit of that he's got a little bit of that he's got a little bit of credibility to him. He didn't make some credibility to him. He didn't make some credibility to him. He didn't make some sort of fake profile to put something up sort of fake profile to put something up sort of fake profile to put something up there to steal your data. So we looked there to steal your data. So we looked there to steal your data. So we looked at some key things like outbound network at some key things like outbound network at some key things like outbound network calls, data xfiltration, shell command calls, data xfiltration, shell command calls, data xfiltration, shell command injection, suspicious dependencies, injection, suspicious dependencies, injection, suspicious dependencies, credentials, secret handling, file credentials, secret handling, file credentials, secret handling, file system access, and remote script system access, and remote script system access, and remote script loading. And we didn't see anything. So loading. And we didn't see anything. So loading. And we didn't see anything. So it doesn't look like it sends data it doesn't look like it sends data it doesn't look like it sends data anywhere. It doesn't collect anything. anywhere. It doesn't collect anything. anywhere. It doesn't collect anything. It doesn't run any commands and It doesn't run any commands and It doesn't run any commands and everything is staying on your machine. everything is staying on your machine. everything is staying on your machine. So that is why I felt confident to So that is why I felt confident to So that is why I felt confident to actually install this and test it out. actually install this and test it out. actually install this and test it out. So, I just wanted to share my experience So, I just wanted to share my experience So, I just wanted to share my experience from a security perspective. So, from a security perspective. So, from a security perspective. So, overall, the way I feel about this is overall, the way I feel about this is overall, the way I feel about this is that Pixel Agent just tells me that an that Pixel Agent just tells me that an that Pixel Agent just tells me that an agent or agents are working. What I agent or agents are working. What I agent or agents are working. What I actually want to know is what they're actually want to know is what they're actually want to know is what they're building, what decisions they're making, building, what decisions they're making, building, what decisions they're making, and whether it's about to do something and whether it's about to do something and whether it's about to do something that I'd agree with or disagree with. that I'd agree with or disagree with. that I'd agree with or disagree with. That's the real product that I think we That's the real product that I think we That's the real product that I think we need when it comes to visualization. need when it comes to visualization. need when it comes to visualization. Because us as humans, we're moving into Because us as humans, we're moving into Because us as humans, we're moving into this world where we really just have to this world where we really just have to this world where we really just have to be really good managers and keep our be really good managers and keep our be really good managers and keep our agents and our sub agents on the right agents and our sub agents on the right agents and our sub agents on the right path. And the best way to do that is be path. And the best way to do that is be path. And the best way to do that is be able to just see all the time what's able to just see all the time what's able to just see all the time what's going on. Stop things before they go going on. Stop things before they go going on. Stop things before they go wrong and proactively keep giving them wrong and proactively keep giving them wrong and proactively keep giving them more work so that they're never just more work so that they're never just more work so that they're never just sitting there idle. But anyways, that is sitting there idle. But anyways, that is sitting there idle. But anyways, that is going to do it for today. If you guys going to do it for today. If you guys going to do it for today. If you guys want to dive deeper into all this kind want to dive deeper into all this kind want to dive deeper into all this kind of stuff and nerd out, then definitely of stuff and nerd out, then definitely of stuff and nerd out, then definitely check out my paid group, AI Automation check out my paid group, AI Automation check out my paid group, AI Automation Society Plus. We've got over 3,000 Society Plus. We've got over 3,000 Society Plus. We've got over 3,000 members who are building with AI every members who are building with AI every members who are building with AI every day and building businesses with AI. So, day and building businesses with AI. So, day and building businesses with AI. So, it's a great place to be if you have it's a great place to be if you have it's a great place to be if you have similar goals. But if you guys enjoyed similar goals. But if you guys enjoyed similar goals. But if you guys enjoyed the video or you learned something new, the video or you learned something new, the video or you learned something new, please give it a like. It definitely please give it a like. It definitely please give it a like. It definitely helps me out a ton. And as always, I helps me out a ton. And as always, I helps me out a ton. And as always, I appreciate you guys making it to the end appreciate you guys making it to the end appreciate you guys making it to the end of the video. I'll see you on the next of the video. I'll see you on the next of the video. I'll see you on the next one. Thanks, everyone. So, we are just absolutely cruising So, we are just absolutely cruising So, we are just absolutely cruising through this course. I'm having a lot of through this course. I'm having a lot of through this course. I'm having a lot of fun. Hope you guys are, too. Now, since fun. Hope you guys are, too. Now, since fun. Hope you guys are, too. Now, since we have all these new skills and all we have all these new skills and all we have all these new skills and all this new knowledge, we're going to get this new knowledge, we're going to get this new knowledge, we're going to get into how can we actually like make money into how can we actually like make money into how can we actually like make money off of this or kind of start a business off of this or kind of start a business off of this or kind of start a business off of this. So, we've got a couple off of this. So, we've got a couple off of this. So, we've got a couple things to talk about. We're going to things to talk about. We're going to things to talk about. We're going to talk about the mindset of actually being talk about the mindset of actually being talk about the mindset of actually being kind of like an AI consultant or an AI kind of like an AI consultant or an AI kind of like an AI consultant or an AI service provider. I'm going to talk service provider. I'm going to talk service provider. I'm going to talk about how you can think about getting about how you can think about getting about how you can think about getting some clients even if you don't have a some clients even if you don't have a some clients even if you don't have a big YouTube channel or a big audience. big YouTube channel or a big audience. big YouTube channel or a big audience. And then we're going to talk about And then we're going to talk about And then we're going to talk about actually sort of like deploying and actually sort of like deploying and actually sort of like deploying and handing over these solutions. If you want to make money with AI, you If you want to make money with AI, you If you want to make money with AI, you need to stop selling AI agents and need to stop selling AI agents and need to stop selling AI agents and workflows and start selling AI workflows and start selling AI workflows and start selling AI solutions. And I'm not talking about AI solutions. And I'm not talking about AI solutions. And I'm not talking about AI operating systems or regular operating systems or regular operating systems or regular automations. I'm talking about automations. I'm talking about automations. I'm talking about diagnosing problems that businesses face diagnosing problems that businesses face diagnosing problems that businesses face and then using AI to solve those and then using AI to solve those and then using AI to solve those problems. So, in this video, I'm going problems. So, in this video, I'm going problems. So, in this video, I'm going to break down why selling agents isn't to break down why selling agents isn't to break down why selling agents isn't enough. what to sell instead that will enough. what to sell instead that will enough. what to sell instead that will actually make you money and how to do it actually make you money and how to do it actually make you money and how to do it yourself step by step. So, why are you yourself step by step. So, why are you yourself step by step. So, why are you guys all here watching this video? guys all here watching this video? guys all here watching this video? Because AI has exploded. And with that Because AI has exploded. And with that Because AI has exploded. And with that explosion comes hype. Tons of people explosion comes hype. Tons of people explosion comes hype. Tons of people throwing around buzzwords like agents throwing around buzzwords like agents throwing around buzzwords like agents and workflows. And what's funny is and workflows. And what's funny is and workflows. And what's funny is automation has been around forever. It's automation has been around forever. It's automation has been around forever. It's nothing new. When I was working nothing new. When I was working nothing new. When I was working full-time at Goldman Sachs in business full-time at Goldman Sachs in business full-time at Goldman Sachs in business intelligence, [music] intelligence, [music] intelligence, [music] automation was my entire role. And that automation was my entire role. And that automation was my entire role. And that job had existed for years. But the job had existed for years. But the job had existed for years. But the majority of small and mid-size majority of small and mid-size majority of small and mid-size businesses, hardly any automations in businesses, hardly any automations in businesses, hardly any automations in place. The difference now is that place. The difference now is that place. The difference now is that because you slap the word AI in front of because you slap the word AI in front of because you slap the word AI in front of it, suddenly business owners are paying it, suddenly business owners are paying it, suddenly business owners are paying attention. It's like putting a neon sign attention. It's like putting a neon sign attention. It's like putting a neon sign on an old restaurant, the food hasn't on an old restaurant, the food hasn't on an old restaurant, the food hasn't changed. It's nothing new, but suddenly changed. It's nothing new, but suddenly changed. It's nothing new, but suddenly people are noticing it. And here's the people are noticing it. And here's the people are noticing it. And here's the thing, most beginners get this part thing, most beginners get this part thing, most beginners get this part wrong. They get caught up in the tech, wrong. They get caught up in the tech, wrong. They get caught up in the tech, the nodes, the HTTP requests, the multi- the nodes, the HTTP requests, the multi- the nodes, the HTTP requests, the multi- aent architectures. They're so focused aent architectures. They're so focused aent architectures. They're so focused on the shiny parts that it causes them on the shiny parts that it causes them on the shiny parts that it causes them to forget what actually matters to to forget what actually matters to to forget what actually matters to businesses. [music] And I've definitely businesses. [music] And I've definitely businesses. [music] And I've definitely got carried away with this, too. In got carried away with this, too. In got carried away with this, too. In fact, my best performing YouTube videos fact, my best performing YouTube videos fact, my best performing YouTube videos are the ones that are really flashy and are the ones that are really flashy and are the ones that are really flashy and have multiple agents [music] because it have multiple agents [music] because it have multiple agents [music] because it was trendy and cooler. But if you were was trendy and cooler. But if you were was trendy and cooler. But if you were to ask me which YouTube builds have to ask me which YouTube builds have to ask me which YouTube builds have actually been the most practical and actually been the most practical and actually been the most practical and highest ROI, it would be some of my highest ROI, it would be some of my highest ROI, it would be some of my lowest performing videos. When I sold my lowest performing videos. When I sold my lowest performing videos. When I sold my very first $1,200 workflow, I didn't very first $1,200 workflow, I didn't very first $1,200 workflow, I didn't walk in saying, "Hey, I got this build walk in saying, "Hey, I got this build walk in saying, "Hey, I got this build with 15 nodes and an API call to blah with 15 nodes and an API call to blah with 15 nodes and an API call to blah blah blah." I said, "This will save you blah blah." I said, "This will save you blah blah." I said, "This will save you hours every single week on content hours every single week on content hours every single week on content creation." And that's what made it a creation." And that's what made it a creation." And that's what made it a no-brainer. And here's the truth. no-brainer. And here's the truth. no-brainer. And here's the truth. Businesses really only care about three Businesses really only care about three Businesses really only care about three things: time, money, focus. That's it. things: time, money, focus. That's it. things: time, money, focus. That's it. They don't care if you deliver it with They don't care if you deliver it with They don't care if you deliver it with AI or a VA or duct tape and chewing gum. AI or a VA or duct tape and chewing gum. AI or a VA or duct tape and chewing gum. Think of it like a taxi ride. If you Think of it like a taxi ride. If you Think of it like a taxi ride. If you need to get across town, you don't care need to get across town, you don't care need to get across town, you don't care if you ride in a Prius, a Tesla, or a if you ride in a Prius, a Tesla, or a if you ride in a Prius, a Tesla, or a horsedrawn carriage. Well, I suppose horsedrawn carriage. Well, I suppose horsedrawn carriage. Well, I suppose some of us may, but that's beside the some of us may, but that's beside the some of us may, but that's beside the point. You just care that it gets you to point. You just care that it gets you to point. You just care that it gets you to your destination fast, cheap, and your destination fast, cheap, and your destination fast, cheap, and without stress. Businesses feel the same without stress. Businesses feel the same without stress. Businesses feel the same way. They don't fanboy over AI itself. way. They don't fanboy over AI itself. way. They don't fanboy over AI itself. They fanboy over the outcomes. That's They fanboy over the outcomes. That's They fanboy over the outcomes. That's why AIcentric selling doesn't work. why AIcentric selling doesn't work. why AIcentric selling doesn't work. Selling agents or workflows as products Selling agents or workflows as products Selling agents or workflows as products is already a crowded commoditized is already a crowded commoditized is already a crowded commoditized market. You've probably seen people market. You've probably seen people market. You've probably seen people offering entire libraries of end offering entire libraries of end offering entire libraries of end templates, claiming that you can resell templates, claiming that you can resell templates, claiming that you can resell them all for $5,000 a month. yet they're them all for $5,000 a month. yet they're them all for $5,000 a month. yet they're only charging you $200 to access that only charging you $200 to access that only charging you $200 to access that bundle of templates. Why? Because it's a bundle of templates. Why? Because it's a bundle of templates. Why? Because it's a race to the bottom on price. Take race to the bottom on price. Take race to the bottom on price. Take LinkedIn outreach bots as an example. LinkedIn outreach bots as an example. LinkedIn outreach bots as an example. You could build the flashiest, most You could build the flashiest, most You could build the flashiest, most complex bot out there, but if you just complex bot out there, but if you just complex bot out there, but if you just pitch it as a LinkedIn outreach agent, pitch it as a LinkedIn outreach agent, pitch it as a LinkedIn outreach agent, nobody's going to care that much. But nobody's going to care that much. But nobody's going to care that much. But when it is framed as a system that helps when it is framed as a system that helps when it is framed as a system that helps you generate qualified leads without you generate qualified leads without you generate qualified leads without spending on ads, suddenly people see the spending on ads, suddenly people see the spending on ads, suddenly people see the value and they want it. The shift is value and they want it. The shift is value and they want it. The shift is simple. Stop selling AI tools and start simple. Stop selling AI tools and start simple. Stop selling AI tools and start selling the outcomes of those tools. selling the outcomes of those tools. selling the outcomes of those tools. Spotlight the pain. Frame the solution Spotlight the pain. Frame the solution Spotlight the pain. Frame the solution around time, money, and focus. And around time, money, and focus. And around time, money, and focus. And that's how you win. And that leads us that's how you win. And that leads us that's how you win. And that leads us right into the next section. What should right into the next section. What should right into the next section. What should you actually be selling? AI solutions. you actually be selling? AI solutions. you actually be selling? AI solutions. The difference is an AI workflow is just The difference is an AI workflow is just The difference is an AI workflow is just a tool. But an AI solution is a tool a tool. But an AI solution is a tool a tool. But an AI solution is a tool that's directly tied to solving an that's directly tied to solving an that's directly tied to solving an actual business painoint. When you pitch actual business painoint. When you pitch actual business painoint. When you pitch a solution, you're not saying, "I'll a solution, you're not saying, "I'll a solution, you're not saying, "I'll build you a chatbot." You're saying, build you a chatbot." You're saying, build you a chatbot." You're saying, "I'll cut down your customer support "I'll cut down your customer support "I'll cut down your customer support workload by 60%. I'll automate your workload by 60%. I'll automate your workload by 60%. I'll automate your client onboarding so you save 10 hours a client onboarding so you save 10 hours a client onboarding so you save 10 hours a week." Or, "I'll help you create AI week." Or, "I'll help you create AI week." Or, "I'll help you create AI assisted content so you can slash assisted content so you can slash assisted content so you can slash marketing spend by 30%." [music] And marketing spend by 30%." [music] And marketing spend by 30%." [music] And just to get it to stick, I'll throw one just to get it to stick, I'll throw one just to get it to stick, I'll throw one more terrible analogy at you guys. Think more terrible analogy at you guys. Think more terrible analogy at you guys. Think of it like medicine. If you have a of it like medicine. If you have a of it like medicine. If you have a headache, most people don't care whether headache, most people don't care whether headache, most people don't care whether you prescribe Advil, Tylenol, or an you prescribe Advil, Tylenol, or an you prescribe Advil, Tylenol, or an herbal remedy. They just care that their herbal remedy. They just care that their herbal remedy. They just care that their headache goes away. The pill is the headache goes away. The pill is the headache goes away. The pill is the tool. The outcome is pain relief. That's tool. The outcome is pain relief. That's tool. The outcome is pain relief. That's exactly how businesses see AI. So, the exactly how businesses see AI. So, the exactly how businesses see AI. So, the framework we're going to be talking framework we're going to be talking framework we're going to be talking about today is to diagnose, then solve, about today is to diagnose, then solve, about today is to diagnose, then solve, then value, then price. And it's a then value, then price. And it's a then value, then price. And it's a simple process that I use every time. simple process that I use every time. simple process that I use every time. Diagnose means find the pain point. Diagnose means find the pain point. Diagnose means find the pain point. Where is the business leaking time, Where is the business leaking time, Where is the business leaking time, money, or focus? Solve means build the money, or focus? Solve means build the money, or focus? Solve means build the system that fixes that exact pain. system that fixes that exact pain. system that fixes that exact pain. value. Translate that fix into numbers. value. Translate that fix into numbers. value. Translate that fix into numbers. Hours [music] saved, dollars saved, Hours [music] saved, dollars saved, Hours [music] saved, dollars saved, revenue gained. And finally, price. revenue gained. And finally, price. revenue gained. And finally, price. Anchor your offer around that value. And Anchor your offer around that value. And Anchor your offer around that value. And when you think about that framework and when you think about that framework and when you think about that framework and you think about the core problem that you think about the core problem that you think about the core problem that you're trying to solve, you can see how you're trying to solve, you can see how you're trying to solve, you can see how reselling a bundle of 20 end templates reselling a bundle of 20 end templates reselling a bundle of 20 end templates doesn't really do that. So, let's take a doesn't really do that. So, let's take a doesn't really do that. So, let's take a look at an example. Automating client look at an example. Automating client look at an example. Automating client onboarding. First, we diagnose. Right onboarding. First, we diagnose. Right onboarding. First, we diagnose. Right now, your team spends 5 hours a week now, your team spends 5 hours a week now, your team spends 5 hours a week onboarding new clients. Then, we solve. onboarding new clients. Then, we solve. onboarding new clients. Then, we solve. I'll build a system that can automate I'll build a system that can automate I'll build a system that can automate 80% of that. Then, we turn that into 80% of that. Then, we turn that into 80% of that. Then, we turn that into value, which is 200 plus hours saved a value, which is 200 plus hours saved a value, which is 200 plus hours saved a year at $50 an hour. That's $10,000 back year at $50 an hour. That's $10,000 back year at $50 an hour. That's $10,000 back in your pocket annually. And [music] in your pocket annually. And [music] in your pocket annually. And [music] then you price, I'm saving you 10K a then you price, I'm saving you 10K a then you price, I'm saving you 10K a year. I'm only going to charge you 3K year. I'm only going to charge you 3K year. I'm only going to charge you 3K right now. Suddenly, the price isn't a right now. Suddenly, the price isn't a right now. Suddenly, the price isn't a cost. It's now just a fraction of the cost. It's now just a fraction of the cost. It's now just a fraction of the value that they're gaining. Here comes value that they're gaining. Here comes value that they're gaining. Here comes another analogy. Think of it like a home another analogy. Think of it like a home another analogy. Think of it like a home renovation. If you're a contractor and renovation. If you're a contractor and renovation. If you're a contractor and you walk into someone's house and you you walk into someone's house and you you walk into someone's house and you say, "I've got the best hammer. I've got say, "I've got the best hammer. I've got say, "I've got the best hammer. I've got the strongest nails, the fanciest saws, the strongest nails, the fanciest saws, the strongest nails, the fanciest saws, blah blah blah. Nobody cares." [music] blah blah blah. Nobody cares." [music] blah blah blah. Nobody cares." [music] But if you say, "This remodel will But if you say, "This remodel will But if you say, "This remodel will increase your home's value by $50,000 increase your home's value by $50,000 increase your home's value by $50,000 and we can do it in half the time of and we can do it in half the time of and we can do it in half the time of other contractors." Now you've got their other contractors." Now you've got their other contractors." Now you've got their attention. The hammer doesn't matter, attention. The hammer doesn't matter, attention. The hammer doesn't matter, the results do. This is why when I'm on the results do. This is why when I'm on the results do. This is why when I'm on calls, I don't lead with, "Let me show calls, I don't lead with, "Let me show calls, I don't lead with, "Let me show you my workflow." I lead with questions. you my workflow." I lead with questions. you my workflow." I lead with questions. Where are you losing the most time in Where are you losing the most time in Where are you losing the most time in your business? What processes do you your business? What processes do you your business? What processes do you wish could run themselves? Because the wish could run themselves? Because the wish could run themselves? Because the diagnosis always points me to the diagnosis always points me to the diagnosis always points me to the solution. [music] And the solution solution. [music] And the solution solution. [music] And the solution always ties back to measurable business always ties back to measurable business always ties back to measurable business value. And when you get good at this, value. And when you get good at this, value. And when you get good at this, you stop being just another automation you stop being just another automation you stop being just another automation freelancer. You become the person who freelancer. You become the person who freelancer. You become the person who can look at a business, spot can look at a business, spot can look at a business, spot inefficiencies, and design solutions inefficiencies, and design solutions inefficiencies, and design solutions that save them time, money, and focus. that save them time, money, and focus. that save them time, money, and focus. That's the shift from becoming an agent That's the shift from becoming an agent That's the shift from becoming an agent seller to a solution seller and being seller to a solution seller and being seller to a solution seller and being seen as an AI expert or an AI partner. seen as an AI expert or an AI partner. seen as an AI expert or an AI partner. So, you know why selling AI doesn't work So, you know why selling AI doesn't work So, you know why selling AI doesn't work and that you need to sell AI solutions, and that you need to sell AI solutions, and that you need to sell AI solutions, but how do you actually do this for but how do you actually do this for but how do you actually do this for yourself? Step by step. That's what yourself? Step by step. That's what yourself? Step by step. That's what we're going to cover now in a few simple we're going to cover now in a few simple we're going to cover now in a few simple steps. And remember, we're going to tie steps. And remember, we're going to tie steps. And remember, we're going to tie everything back to that same framework everything back to that same framework everything back to that same framework that we just talked about. Diagnose, that we just talked about. Diagnose, that we just talked about. Diagnose, [music] solve, value, price. Okay, so [music] solve, value, price. Okay, so [music] solve, value, price. Okay, so step one, pick a niche and diagnose the step one, pick a niche and diagnose the step one, pick a niche and diagnose the landscape. The goal here is simple. landscape. The goal here is simple. landscape. The goal here is simple. Choose one group so that problems repeat Choose one group so that problems repeat Choose one group so that problems repeat and your wins compound. Spend 10 minutes and your wins compound. Spend 10 minutes and your wins compound. Spend 10 minutes deciding whether you'll serve agencies, deciding whether you'll serve agencies, deciding whether you'll serve agencies, real estate, e-commerce, coaches, local real estate, e-commerce, coaches, local real estate, e-commerce, coaches, local services like dental or HVAC, SAS services like dental or HVAC, SAS services like dental or HVAC, SAS startups, whatever you want it to be. startups, whatever you want it to be. startups, whatever you want it to be. Run your pick through these quick Run your pick through these quick Run your pick through these quick filters. Do they repeat processes filters. Do they repeat processes filters. Do they repeat processes weekly? Can they say yes and pay fast? weekly? Can they say yes and pay fast? weekly? Can they say yes and pay fast? And do you already speak their language And do you already speak their language And do you already speak their language through content you've made or past work through content you've made or past work through content you've made or past work or interests? [music] When you think or interests? [music] When you think or interests? [music] When you think about repeatable pains, picture agencies about repeatable pains, picture agencies about repeatable pains, picture agencies struggling with lead qualification, struggling with lead qualification, struggling with lead qualification, client onboarding, reporting, and client onboarding, reporting, and client onboarding, reporting, and content ops. Real estate teams juggling content ops. Real estate teams juggling content ops. Real estate teams juggling inbound lead triage, showing inbound lead triage, showing inbound lead triage, showing coordination and document collection. coordination and document collection. coordination and document collection. E-commerce brands needing CX ticket E-commerce brands needing CX ticket E-commerce brands needing CX ticket deflection, returns automation, product deflection, returns automation, product deflection, returns automation, product content, and ops reporting, or coaches content, and ops reporting, or coaches content, and ops reporting, or coaches begging for application filtering, begging for application filtering, begging for application filtering, calendar triage, and content calendar triage, and content calendar triage, and content repurposing. The outcome of this step is repurposing. The outcome of this step is repurposing. The outcome of this step is just to have a short list of niches that just to have a short list of niches that just to have a short list of niches that you're confident enough to carry into you're confident enough to carry into you're confident enough to carry into this next step. Step two, talk to five this next step. Step two, talk to five this next step. Step two, talk to five to 10 businesses and diagnose pain. to 10 businesses and diagnose pain. to 10 businesses and diagnose pain. Treat these as informational interviews Treat these as informational interviews Treat these as informational interviews that could often turn into discovery that could often turn into discovery that could often turn into discovery calls and paid work. I like opening with calls and paid work. I like opening with calls and paid work. I like opening with a simple message. Hey name, I'm mapping a simple message. Hey name, I'm mapping a simple message. Hey name, I'm mapping the top drains in X niche. In 15 the top drains in X niche. In 15 the top drains in X niche. In 15 minutes, I'll try to quantify your minutes, I'll try to quantify your minutes, I'll try to quantify your biggest bottleneck and share where AI biggest bottleneck and share where AI biggest bottleneck and share where AI actually helps and where it doesn't. No actually helps and where it doesn't. No actually helps and where it doesn't. No pitch unless you ask. I'm genuinely just pitch unless you ask. I'm genuinely just pitch unless you ask. I'm genuinely just trying to learn how I can provide value trying to learn how I can provide value trying to learn how I can provide value to businesses. On a call, I would then to businesses. On a call, I would then to businesses. On a call, I would then use the LRP framework, the listen, use the LRP framework, the listen, use the LRP framework, the listen, repeat, poke. This basically means that repeat, poke. This basically means that repeat, poke. This basically means that I listen while they describe their week I listen while they describe their week I listen while they describe their week or their processes. I repeat back the or their processes. I repeat back the or their processes. I repeat back the pattern to confirm alignment and then I pattern to confirm alignment and then I pattern to confirm alignment and then I poke to quantify it. So, let's say the poke to quantify it. So, let's say the poke to quantify it. So, let's say the business owner is talking to me about business owner is talking to me about business owner is talking to me about some onboarding and reporting flows and some onboarding and reporting flows and some onboarding and reporting flows and I find out that it eats about 6 to 8 I find out that it eats about 6 to 8 I find out that it eats about 6 to 8 hours a week. I would then poke back hours a week. I would then poke back hours a week. I would then poke back with a question like, "Whose hours are with a question like, "Whose hours are with a question like, "Whose hours are those? What's their hourly value? How those? What's their hourly value? How those? What's their hourly value? How often does this process result in an often does this process result in an often does this process result in an error?" You could also talk about money. error?" You could also talk about money. error?" You could also talk about money. Where are you paying people to copy and Where are you paying people to copy and Where are you paying people to copy and paste or chase info? You could talk paste or chase info? You could talk paste or chase info? You could talk about focus. What interrupts you the about focus. What interrupts you the about focus. What interrupts you the most between 9 and noon? You can talk most between 9 and noon? You can talk most between 9 and noon? You can talk about errors. Where do mistakes cause about errors. Where do mistakes cause about errors. Where do mistakes cause rework, refunds, or churn? And finally, rework, refunds, or churn? And finally, rework, refunds, or churn? And finally, you could talk about a trigger. If I you could talk about a trigger. If I you could talk about a trigger. If I could remove one weekly fire, which one could remove one weekly fire, which one could remove one weekly fire, which one changes your week? The outcome of this changes your week? The outcome of this changes your week? The outcome of this step is to have a ranked list of actual step is to have a ranked list of actual step is to have a ranked list of actual business pain points with rough numbers business pain points with rough numbers business pain points with rough numbers associated with them. Those numbers associated with them. Those numbers associated with them. Those numbers being hours, cost, [music] being hours, cost, [music] being hours, cost, [music] frequency, mistake rate, stuff like frequency, mistake rate, stuff like frequency, mistake rate, stuff like that. We can then take that list and that. We can then take that list and that. We can then take that list and move into step three, which is building move into step three, which is building move into step three, which is building one simple solution and solve. Once one simple solution and solve. Once one simple solution and solve. Once you've diagnosed a clear problem, you've diagnosed a clear problem, you've diagnosed a clear problem, prototype the fix. And notice how I just prototype the fix. And notice how I just prototype the fix. And notice how I just said prototype. This doesn't have to be said prototype. This doesn't have to be said prototype. This doesn't have to be a perfect production ready system. It's a perfect production ready system. It's a perfect production ready system. It's a P or a proof of concept that shows a P or a proof of concept that shows a P or a proof of concept that shows that you understand their world and it that you understand their world and it that you understand their world and it proves your technical expertise. This proves your technical expertise. This proves your technical expertise. This doesn't mean you have to dedicate an doesn't mean you have to dedicate an doesn't mean you have to dedicate an entire week to it. Here's how you can entire week to it. Here's how you can entire week to it. Here's how you can spin one up in an hour and a half. Spend spin one up in an hour and a half. Spend spin one up in an hour and a half. Spend about 15 minutes drawing the flow. Now about 15 minutes drawing the flow. Now about 15 minutes drawing the flow. Now that you understand the process, just that you understand the process, just that you understand the process, just map out the trigger, the steps, the data map out the trigger, the steps, the data map out the trigger, the steps, the data sources, the outputs, and a clear sources, the outputs, and a clear sources, the outputs, and a clear definition of done. Spend the next hour definition of done. Spend the next hour definition of done. Spend the next hour doing a rough build on one platform like doing a rough build on one platform like doing a rough build on one platform like Niten in so you have something real to Niten in so you have something real to Niten in so you have something real to click through and demo. And then click through and demo. And then click through and demo. And then finally, use the last 15 minutes to finally, use the last 15 minutes to finally, use the last 15 minutes to record a quick 3minute loom that walks record a quick 3minute loom that walks record a quick 3minute loom that walks through the before, the actual solution through the before, the actual solution through the before, the actual solution itself, and then the result. And make itself, and then the result. And make itself, and then the result. And make sure you have your camera on because sure you have your camera on because sure you have your camera on because people want to hire people, not faceless people want to hire people, not faceless people want to hire people, not faceless screens. [music] This is exactly why my screens. [music] This is exactly why my screens. [music] This is exactly why my not so fancy LinkedIn workflow felt like not so fancy LinkedIn workflow felt like not so fancy LinkedIn workflow felt like magic to that first client because it magic to that first client because it magic to that first client because it removed the pain of ideiation research removed the pain of ideiation research removed the pain of ideiation research and writing. And it didn't need to be and writing. And it didn't need to be and writing. And it didn't need to be super fancy to do that. So avoid the super fancy to do that. So avoid the super fancy to do that. So avoid the classic traps. Don't drift into multi- classic traps. Don't drift into multi- classic traps. Don't drift into multi- aent fantasies. Don't stitch together aent fantasies. Don't stitch together aent fantasies. Don't stitch together five vendors just to try them. And don't five vendors just to try them. And don't five vendors just to try them. And don't start building a platform when the job start building a platform when the job start building a platform when the job is just to fix Tuesday's bottleneck. is just to fix Tuesday's bottleneck. is just to fix Tuesday's bottleneck. Just try to take a step back and think Just try to take a step back and think Just try to take a step back and think about the actual problem you're trying about the actual problem you're trying about the actual problem you're trying to solve. Because a lot of times you may to solve. Because a lot of times you may to solve. Because a lot of times you may not even need like a very custom nit not even need like a very custom nit not even need like a very custom nit agent. Sometimes there's already a agent. Sometimes there's already a agent. Sometimes there's already a platform out there or sometimes [music] platform out there or sometimes [music] platform out there or sometimes [music] you can do it already naturally in you can do it already naturally in you can do it already naturally in someone's CRM. Don't overengineer. Just someone's CRM. Don't overengineer. Just someone's CRM. Don't overengineer. Just be resourceful and solve problems. The be resourceful and solve problems. The be resourceful and solve problems. The outcome of this step is that you now outcome of this step is that you now outcome of this step is that you now have a demo video that you can send to have a demo video that you can send to have a demo video that you can send to some of your other nurtured leads to some of your other nurtured leads to some of your other nurtured leads to show them how you can solve their show them how you can solve their show them how you can solve their [music] specific pain points. Next is [music] specific pain points. Next is [music] specific pain points. Next is step four, which can trip up a lot of step four, which can trip up a lot of step four, which can trip up a lot of beginners. This is turning your solution beginners. This is turning your solution beginners. This is turning your solution into a price. And the easiest way to do into a price. And the easiest way to do into a price. And the easiest way to do that is to translate what you built into that is to translate what you built into that is to translate what you built into plain math that a business owner can plain math that a business owner can plain math that a business owner can understand and relate to. Here's how I understand and relate to. Here's how I understand and relate to. Here's how I explain it on calls. First, you have to explain it on calls. First, you have to explain it on calls. First, you have to figure out how much time the process figure out how much time the process figure out how much time the process takes today. Hopefully, you already did takes today. Hopefully, you already did takes today. Hopefully, you already did that earlier in step two. Let's say a that earlier in step two. Let's say a that earlier in step two. Let's say a team spends 10 hours a week on client team spends 10 hours a week on client team spends 10 hours a week on client onboarding. Then ask what those hours onboarding. Then ask what those hours onboarding. Then ask what those hours are worth. If the average employee is are worth. If the average employee is are worth. If the average employee is paid $25 an hour, that's $250 a week. paid $25 an hour, that's $250 a week. paid $25 an hour, that's $250 a week. Multiply that by 4 weeks to get a month Multiply that by 4 weeks to get a month Multiply that by 4 weeks to get a month and suddenly the process is costing the and suddenly the process is costing the and suddenly the process is costing the business around $1,000 a month or business around $1,000 a month or business around $1,000 a month or $12,000 annually. Now, let's say you're $12,000 annually. Now, let's say you're $12,000 annually. Now, let's say you're only able to automate 60% of that only able to automate 60% of that only able to automate 60% of that workload. That's still $600 saved every workload. That's still $600 saved every workload. That's still $600 saved every single month. Over the course of a year, single month. Over the course of a year, single month. Over the course of a year, that's more than $7,000 back in that that's more than $7,000 back in that that's more than $7,000 back in that business owner's pocket. So, when you business owner's pocket. So, when you business owner's pocket. So, when you turn around and say, "Hey, I'm only turn around and say, "Hey, I'm only turn around and say, "Hey, I'm only going to charge you $3,000 for the going to charge you $3,000 for the going to charge you $3,000 for the solution." It's not an expense anymore. solution." It's not an expense anymore. solution." It's not an expense anymore. It's an investment that has a very It's an investment that has a very It's an investment that has a very clear, measurable return that already clear, measurable return that already clear, measurable return that already pays for itself in 5 months, and it pays for itself in 5 months, and it pays for itself in 5 months, and it keeps saving more money every single keeps saving more money every single keeps saving more money every single month after that. And that's how you month after that. And that's how you month after that. And that's how you make it a no-brainer. And of course, you make it a no-brainer. And of course, you make it a no-brainer. And of course, you have to remember that value doesn't have to remember that value doesn't have to remember that value doesn't equal time. The client's not paying you equal time. The client's not paying you equal time. The client's not paying you for how long it took. When I built my for how long it took. When I built my for how long it took. When I built my very first workflow for $1,200, it only very first workflow for $1,200, it only very first workflow for $1,200, it only took me about 2 hours, which is $600 an took me about 2 hours, which is $600 an took me about 2 hours, which is $600 an hour, which is a crazy rate. But once hour, which is a crazy rate. But once hour, which is a crazy rate. But once again, the client wasn't paying me for again, the client wasn't paying me for again, the client wasn't paying me for the hours. they were paying for the the hours. they were paying for the the hours. they were paying for the outcome, which was saving [music] them outcome, which was saving [music] them outcome, which was saving [music] them hours of content creation every week. hours of content creation every week. hours of content creation every week. Finally, make sure to keep your scope Finally, make sure to keep your scope Finally, make sure to keep your scope clear and simple. Write down the clear and simple. Write down the clear and simple. Write down the objective, what's included, what's not objective, what's included, what's not objective, what's included, what's not included, the timeline, [music] what's included, the timeline, [music] what's included, the timeline, [music] what's expected from the client, the payment expected from the client, the payment expected from the client, the payment terms, stuff like that. This avoids terms, stuff like that. This avoids terms, stuff like that. This avoids confusion, ambiguity. It protects you confusion, ambiguity. It protects you confusion, ambiguity. It protects you from scope creep, and it makes you look from scope creep, and it makes you look from scope creep, and it makes you look professional. The number one biggest professional. The number one biggest professional. The number one biggest mistake that I made when I was starting mistake that I made when I was starting mistake that I made when I was starting off was underscoping and then having to off was underscoping and then having to off was underscoping and then having to deal with all of this ambiguity. So if deal with all of this ambiguity. So if deal with all of this ambiguity. So if you can make your proposals as specific you can make your proposals as specific you can make your proposals as specific as possible and saying these 10 things as possible and saying these 10 things as possible and saying these 10 things are the exact functionality of the are the exact functionality of the are the exact functionality of the system, this is exactly the definition system, this is exactly the definition system, this is exactly the definition of done. Then you're really going to be of done. Then you're really going to be of done. Then you're really going to be protecting yourself and thanking protecting yourself and thanking protecting yourself and thanking yourself later. So to recap, the formula yourself later. So to recap, the formula yourself later. So to recap, the formula is dead simple. Figure out how much time is dead simple. Figure out how much time is dead simple. Figure out how much time and money the process is costing now. and money the process is costing now. and money the process is costing now. Build a PC and show how your solution Build a PC and show how your solution Build a PC and show how your solution cuts down that time and money. And then cuts down that time and money. And then cuts down that time and money. And then price your project at a fraction of price your project at a fraction of price your project at a fraction of those yearly savings. Businesses will those yearly savings. Businesses will those yearly savings. Businesses will pay happily when that math makes sense. pay happily when that math makes sense. pay happily when that math makes sense. All right, moving on to step five, which All right, moving on to step five, which All right, moving on to step five, which is to stack proof, build confidence, and is to stack proof, build confidence, and is to stack proof, build confidence, and then scale. I'm going to be honest real then scale. I'm going to be honest real then scale. I'm going to be honest real quick. When you're starting, imposter quick. When you're starting, imposter quick. When you're starting, imposter syndrome is normal. You're going to syndrome is normal. You're going to syndrome is normal. You're going to wonder if you can deliver and whether wonder if you can deliver and whether wonder if you can deliver and whether the client will be happy. I felt the the client will be happy. I felt the the client will be happy. I felt the exact same way. When I started working exact same way. When I started working exact same way. When I started working with clients, I wasn't even calling with clients, I wasn't even calling with clients, I wasn't even calling myself an expert. I was just curious, myself an expert. I was just curious, myself an expert. I was just curious, building for fun, sharing things online, building for fun, sharing things online, building for fun, sharing things online, and clients started reaching out. At and clients started reaching out. At and clients started reaching out. At this stage, I would have been happy to this stage, I would have been happy to this stage, I would have been happy to do work for free just to get experience. do work for free just to get experience. do work for free just to get experience. And the fact that I was getting paid was And the fact that I was getting paid was And the fact that I was getting paid was a big bonus. And if you're stuck with a big bonus. And if you're stuck with a big bonus. And if you're stuck with that worry, you have two great options. that worry, you have two great options. that worry, you have two great options. The first one is to do free or very The first one is to do free or very The first one is to do free or very cheap work in exchange for proof. Say, cheap work in exchange for proof. Say, cheap work in exchange for proof. Say, "Hey, I'll try this build out for you "Hey, I'll try this build out for you "Hey, I'll try this build out for you for free. Either way, the system will be for free. Either way, the system will be for free. Either way, the system will be yours. I just want to see if I can help yours. I just want to see if I can help yours. I just want to see if I can help create something valuable for you and create something valuable for you and create something valuable for you and your business. This removes pressure and your business. This removes pressure and your business. This removes pressure and lets you optimize for reps, not money, lets you optimize for reps, not money, lets you optimize for reps, not money, which is exactly what you should be which is exactly what you should be which is exactly what you should be doing when you're starting off because doing when you're starting off because doing when you're starting off because the testimonials and case studies and the testimonials and case studies and the testimonials and case studies and confidence that you're going to gain are confidence that you're going to gain are confidence that you're going to gain are worth far more downstream than a quick worth far more downstream than a quick worth far more downstream than a quick $1,200 today. And those first three to $1,200 today. And those first three to $1,200 today. And those first three to five projects really should be just five projects really should be just five projects really should be just thought of as paid practice. They exist thought of as paid practice. They exist thought of as paid practice. They exist [music] to teach you the process, give [music] to teach you the process, give [music] to teach you the process, give you those case studies, and provide you those case studies, and provide you those case studies, and provide proof. Your other option is if you'd proof. Your other option is if you'd proof. Your other option is if you'd rather not do it for free, just offer a rather not do it for free, just offer a rather not do it for free, just offer a money back guarantee. say, "Hey, if money back guarantee. say, "Hey, if money back guarantee. say, "Hey, if you're not happy with it when I deliver you're not happy with it when I deliver you're not happy with it when I deliver it or it doesn't deliver the value that it or it doesn't deliver the value that it or it doesn't deliver the value that we discussed, you'll get all your money we discussed, you'll get all your money we discussed, you'll get all your money back." That flips the risk, creates a back." That flips the risk, creates a back." That flips the risk, creates a stress-free environment for you to learn stress-free environment for you to learn stress-free environment for you to learn and experiment and still gives the and experiment and still gives the and experiment and still gives the client a fair outcome. This matters client a fair outcome. This matters client a fair outcome. This matters because in the early days, once again, because in the early days, once again, because in the early days, once again, you're optimizing for experience, proof, you're optimizing for experience, proof, you're optimizing for experience, proof, reps, not money. [music] And once you reps, not money. [music] And once you reps, not money. [music] And once you have all that confidence, you can have all that confidence, you can have all that confidence, you can actually move from being a freelancer to actually move from being a freelancer to actually move from being a freelancer to a consultant and eventually get larger a consultant and eventually get larger a consultant and eventually get larger and larger builds and larger and larger and larger builds and larger and larger and larger builds and larger and larger contracts. Over [music] the past year, contracts. Over [music] the past year, contracts. Over [music] the past year, we've been working on projects that have we've been working on projects that have we've been working on projects that have ranged anywhere from $1 to $2,000 all ranged anywhere from $1 to $2,000 all ranged anywhere from $1 to $2,000 all the way up to $30,000 plus. [music] And the way up to $30,000 plus. [music] And the way up to $30,000 plus. [music] And none of that would have happened without none of that would have happened without none of that would have happened without the low stakes project that built up my the low stakes project that built up my the low stakes project that built up my confidence and portfolio, which let me confidence and portfolio, which let me confidence and portfolio, which let me comfortably charge more and more every comfortably charge more and more every comfortably charge more and more every time we sculpted out builds. And time we sculpted out builds. And time we sculpted out builds. And honestly, I still think a lot of our honestly, I still think a lot of our honestly, I still think a lot of our projects we've undercharged, but that's projects we've undercharged, but that's projects we've undercharged, but that's a conversation for another time. a conversation for another time. a conversation for another time. Anyways, once you have those first wins Anyways, once you have those first wins Anyways, once you have those first wins under your belt, make sure you're under your belt, make sure you're under your belt, make sure you're collecting that baseline and after data. collecting that baseline and after data. collecting that baseline and after data. So, your hours saved, your errors So, your hours saved, your errors So, your hours saved, your errors reduced, your money saved, [music] and reduced, your money saved, [music] and reduced, your money saved, [music] and then turn them into simple case studies. then turn them into simple case studies. then turn them into simple case studies. Of course, you want to ask for Of course, you want to ask for Of course, you want to ask for testimonials and referrals and then testimonials and referrals and then testimonials and referrals and then rerun the framework with new prospects. rerun the framework with new prospects. rerun the framework with new prospects. But now that you have proof in hand, But now that you have proof in hand, But now that you have proof in hand, it's going to be a lot easier because at it's going to be a lot easier because at it's going to be a lot easier because at that point, you're no longer saying, "I that point, you're no longer saying, "I that point, you're no longer saying, "I think I can help you." You're saying, think I can help you." You're saying, think I can help you." You're saying, "I've already helped three businesses "I've already helped three businesses "I've already helped three businesses just like yours. Here's the proof. just like yours. Here's the proof. just like yours. Here's the proof. Here's the results. You want me to do Here's the results. You want me to do Here's the results. You want me to do the same for you?" And that's when the the same for you?" And that's when the the same for you?" And that's when the imposttor syndrome fades because the imposttor syndrome fades because the imposttor syndrome fades because the market is actually validating that what market is actually validating that what market is actually validating that what you're doing is working. And that's you're doing is working. And that's you're doing is working. And that's pretty much the full loop. Diagnose the pretty much the full loop. Diagnose the pretty much the full loop. Diagnose the problem, solve it with a simple system, problem, solve it with a simple system, problem, solve it with a simple system, tie it back to business value, and then tie it back to business value, and then tie it back to business value, and then price accordingly. From there, you stack price accordingly. From there, you stack price accordingly. From there, you stack up your proof until you can scale with up your proof until you can scale with up your proof until you can scale with confidence. If you want to succeed at confidence. If you want to succeed at confidence. If you want to succeed at selling AI, you've got to leave your selling AI, you've got to leave your selling AI, you've got to leave your obsession for technology behind and obsession for technology behind and obsession for technology behind and think purely about the customer, aka the think purely about the customer, aka the think purely about the customer, aka the business that you're selling to. So, I business that you're selling to. So, I business that you're selling to. So, I know that was a lot of information. know that was a lot of information. know that was a lot of information. Tried to make this one as valuable as Tried to make this one as valuable as Tried to make this one as valuable as possible. What I'm going to do is have possible. What I'm going to do is have possible. What I'm going to do is have all of this condensed into a resource all of this condensed into a resource all of this condensed into a resource that you guys can access and look at that you guys can access and look at that you guys can access and look at later. I will put that in my free school later. I will put that in my free school later. I will put that in my free school community. Once again, completely free. community. Once again, completely free. community. Once again, completely free. The link for that will be down in the The link for that will be down in the The link for that will be down in the description. And if you found this video description. And if you found this video description. And if you found this video helpful and you're looking for a full helpful and you're looking for a full helpful and you're looking for a full course pretty much just like this, then course pretty much just like this, then course pretty much just like this, then check out my plus community. The link check out my plus community. The link check out my plus community. The link for that's also down in the description. for that's also down in the description. for that's also down in the description. We just dropped a full course in there We just dropped a full course in there We just dropped a full course in there called oneperson AI agency. So you'll be called oneperson AI agency. So you'll be called oneperson AI agency. So you'll be able to get a formal course material able to get a formal course material able to get a formal course material that goes over starting your oneperson that goes over starting your oneperson that goes over starting your oneperson AI agency from scratch. And the great AI agency from scratch. And the great AI agency from scratch. And the great thing about that community is we have thing about that community is we have thing about that community is we have over 2,000 other people who are also over 2,000 other people who are also over 2,000 other people who are also trying to do that exact same thing. So trying to do that exact same thing. So trying to do that exact same thing. So it's a great space to meet people it's a great space to meet people it's a great space to meet people potentially a business partner and maybe potentially a business partner and maybe potentially a business partner and maybe even make a few hires in there or pick even make a few hires in there or pick even make a few hires in there or pick up your first couple gigs. People keep telling me they can't land People keep telling me they can't land People keep telling me they can't land AI clients because they don't have a AI clients because they don't have a AI clients because they don't have a YouTube channel since I got my first YouTube channel since I got my first YouTube channel since I got my first clients through content. But you don't clients through content. But you don't clients through content. But you don't actually need content at all. If I lost actually need content at all. If I lost actually need content at all. If I lost my YouTube channel tomorrow and I had to my YouTube channel tomorrow and I had to my YouTube channel tomorrow and I had to start from zero, there are three simple start from zero, there are three simple start from zero, there are three simple ways that I'd get clients fast. And I ways that I'd get clients fast. And I ways that I'd get clients fast. And I hardly see anyone talking about the hardly see anyone talking about the hardly see anyone talking about the third method. So in this video, I'll third method. So in this video, I'll third method. So in this video, I'll show you real proof that you can land show you real proof that you can land show you real proof that you can land clients without a YouTube channel and clients without a YouTube channel and clients without a YouTube channel and the exact [music] three steps you can the exact [music] three steps you can the exact [music] three steps you can follow to sign your first few clients follow to sign your first few clients follow to sign your first few clients this month. So let's get into it. So this month. So let's get into it. So this month. So let's get into it. So just to start off, I'm not going to just to start off, I'm not going to just to start off, I'm not going to pretend that YouTube or content doesn't pretend that YouTube or content doesn't pretend that YouTube or content doesn't help. It absolutely does because when help. It absolutely does because when help. It absolutely does because when someone watches a ton of your videos someone watches a ton of your videos someone watches a ton of your videos before reaching out, they already have before reaching out, they already have before reaching out, they already have trust and they've heard your voice. trust and they've heard your voice. trust and they've heard your voice. They've seen how you think. And by the They've seen how you think. And by the They've seen how you think. And by the time they book that call, they're time they book that call, they're time they book that call, they're basically sold. And that's the power of basically sold. And that's the power of basically sold. And that's the power of content. But what most people don't content. But what most people don't content. But what most people don't realize, the agency that I founded and realize, the agency that I founded and realize, the agency that I founded and exited, True Horizon, scaled past 100K a exited, True Horizon, scaled past 100K a exited, True Horizon, scaled past 100K a month. And even though the majority of month. And even though the majority of month. And even though the majority of our leads were coming from YouTube, our leads were coming from YouTube, our leads were coming from YouTube, that's not where our best clients were that's not where our best clients were that's not where our best clients were coming from. The clients we ended up coming from. The clients we ended up coming from. The clients we ended up actually working with were the ones who actually working with were the ones who actually working with were the ones who paid well, stuck around, and were a paid well, stuck around, and were a paid well, stuck around, and were a dream to work with, came from two dream to work with, came from two dream to work with, came from two things: referrals and partnerships. So, things: referrals and partnerships. So, things: referrals and partnerships. So, we'd make one client happy and then we'd make one client happy and then we'd make one client happy and then they'd tell their network or we'd they'd tell their network or we'd they'd tell their network or we'd partner with tools or other businesses partner with tools or other businesses partner with tools or other businesses that already had demand that they that already had demand that they that already had demand that they couldn't service themselves. And that's couldn't service themselves. And that's couldn't service themselves. And that's where the real growth came from. So, where the real growth came from. So, where the real growth came from. So, yes, content is one path and it's a yes, content is one path and it's a yes, content is one path and it's a really great way to build momentum, but really great way to build momentum, but really great way to build momentum, but it's not the only path. And I get it it's not the only path. And I get it it's not the only path. And I get it because I know a lot of you guys don't because I know a lot of you guys don't because I know a lot of you guys don't want to start a YouTube channel or don't want to start a YouTube channel or don't want to start a YouTube channel or don't want to be consistently posting on want to be consistently posting on want to be consistently posting on LinkedIn every day. You don't want to be LinkedIn every day. You don't want to be LinkedIn every day. You don't want to be on camera. You don't want to wait 12 on camera. You don't want to wait 12 on camera. You don't want to wait 12 months to see results. And that's months to see results. And that's months to see results. And that's totally fair. So, we're going to talk totally fair. So, we're going to talk totally fair. So, we're going to talk about three ways that you can land about three ways that you can land about three ways that you can land clients without posting a single piece clients without posting a single piece clients without posting a single piece of content. Starting with number one, of content. Starting with number one, of content. Starting with number one, which is cold outreach. Now, before I which is cold outreach. Now, before I which is cold outreach. Now, before I get into this, I need to be real with get into this, I need to be real with get into this, I need to be real with you. Cold outreach is brutal when you you. Cold outreach is brutal when you you. Cold outreach is brutal when you have zero proof. The first thing that have zero proof. The first thing that have zero proof. The first thing that any prospect is going to ask you is, any prospect is going to ask you is, any prospect is going to ask you is, "Who have you done this for?" And if "Who have you done this for?" And if "Who have you done this for?" And if your answer is nobody, you're fighting your answer is nobody, you're fighting your answer is nobody, you're fighting uphill the entire conversation. So uphill the entire conversation. So uphill the entire conversation. So before you go off and send a bunch of before you go off and send a bunch of before you go off and send a bunch of cold messages, go get some proof. Even cold messages, go get some proof. Even cold messages, go get some proof. Even if it's small, even if it's free, even if it's small, even if it's free, even if it's small, even if it's free, even if it's for your cousin's salon, the if it's for your cousin's salon, the if it's for your cousin's salon, the product doesn't need to match what you product doesn't need to match what you product doesn't need to match what you eventually want to sell. All that eventually want to sell. All that eventually want to sell. All that matters is that you can say, "Yeah, I matters is that you can say, "Yeah, I matters is that you can say, "Yeah, I have done this before. I've helped X have done this before. I've helped X have done this before. I've helped X business get Y result." That alone business get Y result." That alone business get Y result." That alone separates you from everyone who's purely separates you from everyone who's purely separates you from everyone who's purely theoretical. So there are four theoretical. So there are four theoretical. So there are four components to cold outreach: platforms, components to cold outreach: platforms, components to cold outreach: platforms, finding leads, reaching out, and then finding leads, reaching out, and then finding leads, reaching out, and then volume. So let's start with platforms. volume. So let's start with platforms. volume. So let's start with platforms. For B2B, here's where you should be For B2B, here's where you should be For B2B, here's where you should be looking. LinkedIn, Facebook groups, looking. LinkedIn, Facebook groups, looking. LinkedIn, Facebook groups, email, school communities, YouTube email, school communities, YouTube email, school communities, YouTube channels, Instagram, Reddit. Cold email channels, Instagram, Reddit. Cold email channels, Instagram, Reddit. Cold email has an average response rate of 1 to 5%, has an average response rate of 1 to 5%, has an average response rate of 1 to 5%, but personalized emails see up to 17% but personalized emails see up to 17% but personalized emails see up to 17% higher rates. LinkedIn inmail DMs have a higher rates. LinkedIn inmail DMs have a higher rates. LinkedIn inmail DMs have a 10 to 25% response rate compared to 10 to 25% response rate compared to 10 to 25% response rate compared to email, which is much lower. But the email, which is much lower. But the email, which is much lower. But the LinkedIn DMs require more time per LinkedIn DMs require more time per LinkedIn DMs require more time per message. So, I wanted to just throw message. So, I wanted to just throw message. So, I wanted to just throw those stats at you, but pick one or two those stats at you, but pick one or two those stats at you, but pick one or two to start. Don't try to do outreach on to start. Don't try to do outreach on to start. Don't try to do outreach on all of those platforms. You're going to all of those platforms. You're going to all of those platforms. You're going to spread yourself too thin because they spread yourself too thin because they spread yourself too thin because they all have different methods of what works all have different methods of what works all have different methods of what works best. So, once you've picked your best. So, once you've picked your best. So, once you've picked your platform, here's where to actually find platform, here's where to actually find platform, here's where to actually find people worth reaching out to. people worth reaching out to. people worth reaching out to. communities in your niche, followers of communities in your niche, followers of communities in your niche, followers of relevant pages or creators, business relevant pages or creators, business relevant pages or creators, business owners already complaining about wasting owners already complaining about wasting owners already complaining about wasting time or making mistakes, job boards and time or making mistakes, job boards and time or making mistakes, job boards and comment sections because if someone's comment sections because if someone's comment sections because if someone's hiring for a role you could automate, hiring for a role you could automate, hiring for a role you could automate, that's a signal. You could also look at that's a signal. You could also look at that's a signal. You could also look at local businesses in your area. Pro tip local businesses in your area. Pro tip local businesses in your area. Pro tip though, before you jump into something though, before you jump into something though, before you jump into something like Apollo or LinkedIn Sales Navigator like Apollo or LinkedIn Sales Navigator like Apollo or LinkedIn Sales Navigator to find a lead list, spend 10 minutes to find a lead list, spend 10 minutes to find a lead list, spend 10 minutes asking CatchBT or Perplexity where asking CatchBT or Perplexity where asking CatchBT or Perplexity where industry specific directories exist. So industry specific directories exist. So industry specific directories exist. So like architects have the American like architects have the American like architects have the American Institute of Architects, coaches have Institute of Architects, coaches have Institute of Architects, coaches have coaching directories. Every industry coaching directories. Every industry coaching directories. Every industry probably has something and these probably has something and these probably has something and these databases have already been filtered for databases have already been filtered for databases have already been filtered for you. Now when it comes to reaching out, you. Now when it comes to reaching out, you. Now when it comes to reaching out, keep it simple. Focus on of course the keep it simple. Focus on of course the keep it simple. Focus on of course the problem, the outcome, not the actual problem, the outcome, not the actual problem, the outcome, not the actual tech solution. Nobody really cares if tech solution. Nobody really cares if tech solution. Nobody really cares if you built an 18 node automation with an you built an 18 node automation with an you built an 18 node automation with an end and Slack and notion MCP. They care end and Slack and notion MCP. They care end and Slack and notion MCP. They care about the results, which is, you know, about the results, which is, you know, about the results, which is, you know, more leads, less manual work, fewer more leads, less manual work, fewer more leads, less manual work, fewer errors, faster turnaround. Short value errors, faster turnaround. Short value errors, faster turnaround. Short value focused messages work better than long focused messages work better than long focused messages work better than long pitches. Your goal is not to close them pitches. Your goal is not to close them pitches. Your goal is not to close them in one message. That's just not in one message. That's just not in one message. That's just not realistic. Your goal is to get them realistic. Your goal is to get them realistic. Your goal is to get them curious, to start a conversation, get curious, to start a conversation, get curious, to start a conversation, get them wanting more. That's why the them wanting more. That's why the them wanting more. That's why the subject line is so important because if subject line is so important because if subject line is so important because if they're not curious at all, they're not they're not curious at all, they're not they're not curious at all, they're not going to click to open the email. Now, going to click to open the email. Now, going to click to open the email. Now, here's something, and I know it sounds a here's something, and I know it sounds a here's something, and I know it sounds a little bit counterintuitive, but just be little bit counterintuitive, but just be little bit counterintuitive, but just be completely honest about where you're at. completely honest about where you're at. completely honest about where you're at. That's my approach at least. So, saying That's my approach at least. So, saying That's my approach at least. So, saying something like, "Yeah, I'm just getting something like, "Yeah, I'm just getting something like, "Yeah, I'm just getting started. I'm trying to start up a started. I'm trying to start up a started. I'm trying to start up a business." And that doesn't undercut business." And that doesn't undercut business." And that doesn't undercut you. It actually creates like a pattern you. It actually creates like a pattern you. It actually creates like a pattern interrupt and it builds trust because interrupt and it builds trust because interrupt and it builds trust because the prospect thinks, "Okay, this is the prospect thinks, "Okay, this is the prospect thinks, "Okay, this is actually a real human." Instead of, actually a real human." Instead of, actually a real human." Instead of, "Wow, great." You know, another faces "Wow, great." You know, another faces "Wow, great." You know, another faces pitch of someone trying to sell me. And pitch of someone trying to sell me. And pitch of someone trying to sell me. And of course, because you're unknown and of course, because you're unknown and of course, because you're unknown and unproven, you want to remove all the unproven, you want to remove all the unproven, you want to remove all the risk from your offer. So, no payment risk from your offer. So, no payment risk from your offer. So, no payment until results, no contract. The only until results, no contract. The only until results, no contract. The only thing that you ask for is permission to thing that you ask for is permission to thing that you ask for is permission to use them as a case study if the solution use them as a case study if the solution use them as a case study if the solution works. You're not asking them to trust works. You're not asking them to trust works. You're not asking them to trust you and give you a ton of money. You're you and give you a ton of money. You're you and give you a ton of money. You're making it a no-brainer for them to say making it a no-brainer for them to say making it a no-brainer for them to say yes. And then one more thing, asking a yes. And then one more thing, asking a yes. And then one more thing, asking a stranger for 30 minutes on their stranger for 30 minutes on their stranger for 30 minutes on their calendar is a big ask. People are busy. calendar is a big ask. People are busy. calendar is a big ask. People are busy. People don't want to hop on calls with People don't want to hop on calls with People don't want to hop on calls with random people just to be sold. So, random people just to be sold. So, random people just to be sold. So, instead, get them curious. Again, ask instead, get them curious. Again, ask instead, get them curious. Again, ask them if you can send them a 2-minute them if you can send them a 2-minute them if you can send them a 2-minute Loom video explaining the offer. and Loom video explaining the offer. and Loom video explaining the offer. and then you can record a quick video then you can record a quick video then you can record a quick video walking through how you'd help their walking through how you'd help their walking through how you'd help their specific business and let them do the specific business and let them do the specific business and let them do the heavy lifting before they ever get on a heavy lifting before they ever get on a heavy lifting before they ever get on a call with you. All right, the numbers call with you. All right, the numbers call with you. All right, the numbers game. So, in the wise words of Alex game. So, in the wise words of Alex game. So, in the wise words of Alex Ramosi, someone I've actually had the Ramosi, someone I've actually had the Ramosi, someone I've actually had the pleasure of meeting multiple times, pleasure of meeting multiple times, pleasure of meeting multiple times, volume negates luck. So, if you want to volume negates luck. So, if you want to volume negates luck. So, if you want to guarantee clients, you just need to guarantee clients, you just need to guarantee clients, you just need to increase the volume. At the very least, increase the volume. At the very least, increase the volume. At the very least, you should be sending 100 messages a you should be sending 100 messages a you should be sending 100 messages a day. I know that sounds like a lot, but day. I know that sounds like a lot, but day. I know that sounds like a lot, but understand this. A small percentage of understand this. A small percentage of understand this. A small percentage of replies is actually a really good replies is actually a really good replies is actually a really good metric. So, we talked about the 1 to 5% metric. So, we talked about the 1 to 5% metric. So, we talked about the 1 to 5% average with cold email. If you're doing average with cold email. If you're doing average with cold email. If you're doing anything above 5%, you're crushing it. anything above 5%, you're crushing it. anything above 5%, you're crushing it. Which means if you send 100 emails and Which means if you send 100 emails and Which means if you send 100 emails and you only get five people to respond, not you only get five people to respond, not you only get five people to respond, not book in a call or pay you, just respond, book in a call or pay you, just respond, book in a call or pay you, just respond, that's actually really good. But you do that's actually really good. But you do that's actually really good. But you do need to track everything. Your reply need to track everything. Your reply need to track everything. Your reply rate, your positive responses, your rate, your positive responses, your rate, your positive responses, your meetings booked, your deals closed. Each meetings booked, your deals closed. Each meetings booked, your deals closed. Each metric tells you what area you need to metric tells you what area you need to metric tells you what area you need to improve. And you don't just track the improve. And you don't just track the improve. And you don't just track the wins, you also have to track all of the wins, you also have to track all of the wins, you also have to track all of the negative responses because that tells negative responses because that tells negative responses because that tells you what not to do. So when you get you what not to do. So when you get you what not to do. So when you get positive replies, you write down the positive replies, you write down the positive replies, you write down the company size, the industry, the job company size, the industry, the job company size, the industry, the job title, anything else that's relevant. title, anything else that's relevant. title, anything else that's relevant. And then you can start to build your And then you can start to build your And then you can start to build your future lead lists around those patterns. future lead lists around those patterns. future lead lists around those patterns. And this is how you actually And this is how you actually And this is how you actually systematically improve instead of just systematically improve instead of just systematically improve instead of just guessing. Now, here are the two things guessing. Now, here are the two things guessing. Now, here are the two things that most people do get wrong with cold that most people do get wrong with cold that most people do get wrong with cold outreach. The first one is maybe just outreach. The first one is maybe just outreach. The first one is maybe just don't build before you sell. If you're don't build before you sell. If you're don't build before you sell. If you're spending weeks perfecting an automation spending weeks perfecting an automation spending weeks perfecting an automation before you've talked to a single before you've talked to a single before you've talked to a single customer, you don't have a business, you customer, you don't have a business, you customer, you don't have a business, you just have a hobby, you need to use cold just have a hobby, you need to use cold just have a hobby, you need to use cold outreach as market research. Create an outreach as market research. Create an outreach as market research. Create an offer around something that you could offer around something that you could offer around something that you could build that you know it's feasible and build that you know it's feasible and build that you know it's feasible and then send messages about it. See if then send messages about it. See if then send messages about it. See if anyone bites. If they do, and you see anyone bites. If they do, and you see anyone bites. If they do, and you see market validation, then go build it. But market validation, then go build it. But market validation, then go build it. But don't build before you sell. Once again, don't build before you sell. Once again, don't build before you sell. Once again, if you're spending all your time if you're spending all your time if you're spending all your time building something that no one's going building something that no one's going building something that no one's going to buy, there's just no point. So the to buy, there's just no point. So the to buy, there's just no point. So the second one is to start small and then second one is to start small and then second one is to start small and then reinvest. You don't need massive email reinvest. You don't need massive email reinvest. You don't need massive email infrastructure with thousands of infrastructure with thousands of infrastructure with thousands of domains. You just need a few and each domains. You just need a few and each domains. You just need a few and each domain can send about 30 messages a day domain can send about 30 messages a day domain can send about 30 messages a day and that's enough to generate real data. and that's enough to generate real data. and that's enough to generate real data. Once you close your first deal, you Once you close your first deal, you Once you close your first deal, you reinvest that money into scaling up your reinvest that money into scaling up your reinvest that money into scaling up your outreach. And look, the thing is people outreach. And look, the thing is people outreach. And look, the thing is people will ignore you. People will tell you to will ignore you. People will tell you to will ignore you. People will tell you to screw off and that's normal. Most people screw off and that's normal. Most people screw off and that's normal. Most people quit because of that emotional weight quit because of that emotional weight quit because of that emotional weight and how tough it is to do cold outreach. and how tough it is to do cold outreach. and how tough it is to do cold outreach. So just understand that and don't take So just understand that and don't take So just understand that and don't take it personally. Use it as data and then it personally. Use it as data and then it personally. Use it as data and then if you can push through, you're already if you can push through, you're already if you can push through, you're already ahead. If you guys are interested in ahead. If you guys are interested in ahead. If you guys are interested in diving deeper specifically on cold diving deeper specifically on cold diving deeper specifically on cold email, then I just did a podcast with email, then I just did a podcast with email, then I just did a podcast with Savon, who was able to generate over Savon, who was able to generate over Savon, who was able to generate over half a million dollars in sales half a million dollars in sales half a million dollars in sales opportunities with cold email in 6 opportunities with cold email in 6 opportunities with cold email in 6 months as a beginner. So, I'll go ahead months as a beginner. So, I'll go ahead months as a beginner. So, I'll go ahead and link that right up here. But and link that right up here. But and link that right up here. But anyways, that is cold outreach. So, anyways, that is cold outreach. So, anyways, that is cold outreach. So, let's talk about method number two, let's talk about method number two, let's talk about method number two, which is referrals. So, why do referrals which is referrals. So, why do referrals which is referrals. So, why do referrals work so well? Simple, because business work so well? Simple, because business work so well? Simple, because business owners trust recommendations way more owners trust recommendations way more owners trust recommendations way more than strangers. And that's not even than strangers. And that's not even than strangers. And that's not even about business owners. That's just about business owners. That's just about business owners. That's just people in general. Think about how many people in general. Think about how many people in general. Think about how many times your friend has told you about a times your friend has told you about a times your friend has told you about a great restaurant or a TV show. You're great restaurant or a TV show. You're great restaurant or a TV show. You're way more likely to go check it out than way more likely to go check it out than way more likely to go check it out than if you saw an ad or a review for it if you saw an ad or a review for it if you saw an ad or a review for it because you trust your friend. In fact, because you trust your friend. In fact, because you trust your friend. In fact, 92% of B2B buyers trust referrals from 92% of B2B buyers trust referrals from 92% of B2B buyers trust referrals from people that they know. And being in the people that they know. And being in the people that they know. And being in the AI space, it's really good to lead on AI space, it's really good to lead on AI space, it's really good to lead on referrals because it's very new right referrals because it's very new right referrals because it's very new right now and a lot of people are thinking, now and a lot of people are thinking, now and a lot of people are thinking, you know, I don't even know where I you know, I don't even know where I you know, I don't even know where I could go find a vendor to help me out could go find a vendor to help me out could go find a vendor to help me out with this problem. Business owners want with this problem. Business owners want with this problem. Business owners want to know that someone that they trust has to know that someone that they trust has to know that someone that they trust has already taken the risk and it worked out already taken the risk and it worked out already taken the risk and it worked out well for them. When I first started well for them. When I first started well for them. When I first started freelancing, I'd make it a priority to freelancing, I'd make it a priority to freelancing, I'd make it a priority to overd deliver for the client. So maybe overd deliver for the client. So maybe overd deliver for the client. So maybe that looks like adding a simple that looks like adding a simple that looks like adding a simple dashboard that they didn't ask for or dashboard that they didn't ask for or dashboard that they didn't ask for or creating full documentation so that they creating full documentation so that they creating full documentation so that they could understand how everything works could understand how everything works could understand how everything works and they can maintain it if they choose and they can maintain it if they choose and they can maintain it if they choose to. Then, and only then, I knew they to. Then, and only then, I knew they to. Then, and only then, I knew they were happy. Usually after we'd been were happy. Usually after we'd been were happy. Usually after we'd been working together for a while, I'd whip working together for a while, I'd whip working together for a while, I'd whip out the golden question. Hey, do you out the golden question. Hey, do you out the golden question. Hey, do you have any friends or know any other have any friends or know any other have any friends or know any other business owners who might need AI business owners who might need AI business owners who might need AI automation or might just be interested automation or might just be interested automation or might just be interested in talking to me about this kind of in talking to me about this kind of in talking to me about this kind of stuff? You don't need a fancy script or stuff? You don't need a fancy script or stuff? You don't need a fancy script or a formal incentive program. Just a a formal incentive program. Just a a formal incentive program. Just a simple question after you've earned the simple question after you've earned the simple question after you've earned the right to ask. Happy clients want to right to ask. Happy clients want to right to ask. Happy clients want to share. Think about how many times that share. Think about how many times that share. Think about how many times that you've wanted to put on a friend to a you've wanted to put on a friend to a you've wanted to put on a friend to a new restaurant, a new song, or a new new restaurant, a new song, or a new new restaurant, a new song, or a new product. People typically enjoy telling product. People typically enjoy telling product. People typically enjoy telling other people about things that worked other people about things that worked other people about things that worked for them. So, if you've done great work, for them. So, if you've done great work, for them. So, if you've done great work, they'll probably want to brag about it. they'll probably want to brag about it. they'll probably want to brag about it. But the timing really matters because But the timing really matters because But the timing really matters because obviously you can't ask for referrals obviously you can't ask for referrals obviously you can't ask for referrals until you know that they're happy and until you know that they're happy and until you know that they're happy and that they have to truly believe you did that they have to truly believe you did that they have to truly believe you did provide them value. So typically I'd provide them value. So typically I'd provide them value. So typically I'd wait about a month or two after wait about a month or two after wait about a month or two after something's been like pushed live. And something's been like pushed live. And something's been like pushed live. And ideally you'd want to tie that into a ideally you'd want to tie that into a ideally you'd want to tie that into a moment where you can show them results. moment where you can show them results. moment where you can show them results. So maybe you're doing a month one So maybe you're doing a month one So maybe you're doing a month one performance review. So you would performance review. So you would performance review. So you would obviously say you know like hey when we obviously say you know like hey when we obviously say you know like hey when we started here are all the KPIs and the started here are all the KPIs and the started here are all the KPIs and the metrics that we had documented and metrics that we had documented and metrics that we had documented and here's what we were going to track and here's what we were going to track and here's what we were going to track and now after 1 month of the solution being now after 1 month of the solution being now after 1 month of the solution being in production we've hit all of these in production we've hit all of these in production we've hit all of these KPIs and your business has grown you KPIs and your business has grown you KPIs and your business has grown you know x amount. The project has been a know x amount. The project has been a know x amount. The project has been a success. And then once they actually see success. And then once they actually see success. And then once they actually see that data, you can ask about, you know, that data, you can ask about, you know, that data, you can ask about, you know, the golden question. The conversation the golden question. The conversation the golden question. The conversation then feels a lot more natural because then feels a lot more natural because then feels a lot more natural because you've just reminded them of the value you've just reminded them of the value you've just reminded them of the value you delivered. It's not awkward. It's you delivered. It's not awkward. It's you delivered. It's not awkward. It's not like you're trying to sell them not like you're trying to sell them not like you're trying to sell them again. It's earned. Now, you could again. It's earned. Now, you could again. It's earned. Now, you could absolutely set up like a formal referral absolutely set up like a formal referral absolutely set up like a formal referral structure if you want, but honestly, a structure if you want, but honestly, a structure if you want, but honestly, a lot of times you don't need anything lot of times you don't need anything lot of times you don't need anything formal. Just do great work and then ask. formal. Just do great work and then ask. formal. Just do great work and then ask. Now, here are the common mistakes I see Now, here are the common mistakes I see Now, here are the common mistakes I see when people are trying to get into like when people are trying to get into like when people are trying to get into like the referral game. The first one is the referral game. The first one is the referral game. The first one is asking too early before you've actually asking too early before you've actually asking too early before you've actually proven yourself. And then the second one proven yourself. And then the second one proven yourself. And then the second one is not asking at all and just leaving is not asking at all and just leaving is not asking at all and just leaving that money on the table because you were that money on the table because you were that money on the table because you were too scared to ask. According to Dale too scared to ask. According to Dale too scared to ask. According to Dale Carnegie research, only 11% of Carnegie research, only 11% of Carnegie research, only 11% of salespeople are actually asking for salespeople are actually asking for salespeople are actually asking for referrals. Yet, 91% of customers said referrals. Yet, 91% of customers said referrals. Yet, 91% of customers said that they'd gladly give one if they were that they'd gladly give one if they were that they'd gladly give one if they were asked. So, make sure you are asking for asked. So, make sure you are asking for asked. So, make sure you are asking for referrals. They will lead to bigger referrals. They will lead to bigger referrals. They will lead to bigger projects. They'll lead to longerterm projects. They'll lead to longerterm projects. They'll lead to longerterm clients, and they'll be way less clients, and they'll be way less clients, and they'll be way less friction than doing cold outreach. And friction than doing cold outreach. And friction than doing cold outreach. And once you've got clients that you're once you've got clients that you're once you've got clients that you're working with for longer term, it opens working with for longer term, it opens working with for longer term, it opens up method number three. And honestly, up method number three. And honestly, up method number three. And honestly, this is the one that I'd be going allin this is the one that I'd be going allin this is the one that I'd be going allin on if I was starting from zero. I call on if I was starting from zero. I call on if I was starting from zero. I call it the Trojan horse method. The big idea it the Trojan horse method. The big idea it the Trojan horse method. The big idea here is that instead of trying to build here is that instead of trying to build here is that instead of trying to build trust from scratch with cold prospects trust from scratch with cold prospects trust from scratch with cold prospects and build up all of your own authority, and build up all of your own authority, and build up all of your own authority, you borrow someone else's. You borrow you borrow someone else's. You borrow you borrow someone else's. You borrow their trust, you borrow their authority, their trust, you borrow their authority, their trust, you borrow their authority, and you borrow their existing client and you borrow their existing client and you borrow their existing client relationships. Partner source deals relationships. Partner source deals relationships. Partner source deals close 46% faster than other deal types. close 46% faster than other deal types. close 46% faster than other deal types. So, think about it like this. Marketing So, think about it like this. Marketing So, think about it like this. Marketing agencies, consultants, coaches, law agencies, consultants, coaches, law agencies, consultants, coaches, law firms, they already have clients who firms, they already have clients who firms, they already have clients who trust them and have maybe been working trust them and have maybe been working trust them and have maybe been working with them for years. They've already with them for years. They've already with them for years. They've already built those relationships. And right built those relationships. And right built those relationships. And right now, a lot of those clients are now, a lot of those clients are now, a lot of those clients are thinking, I need AI. And the agency thinking, I need AI. And the agency thinking, I need AI. And the agency itself is probably thinking, I need to itself is probably thinking, I need to itself is probably thinking, I need to be able to offer AI to my clients. So be able to offer AI to my clients. So be able to offer AI to my clients. So instead of competing for their instead of competing for their instead of competing for their attention, you partner with people who attention, you partner with people who attention, you partner with people who already have it. So here's what you already have it. So here's what you already have it. So here's what you could say. Hey, I help businesses could say. Hey, I help businesses could say. Hey, I help businesses implement AI automation. I'd love to implement AI automation. I'd love to implement AI automation. I'd love to offer free AI discovery calls to your offer free AI discovery calls to your offer free AI discovery calls to your clients. No cost to you, no cost to clients. No cost to you, no cost to clients. No cost to you, no cost to them. You get to look like a hero them. You get to look like a hero them. You get to look like a hero because you brought in an AI expert and because you brought in an AI expert and because you brought in an AI expert and you gave them free value. And if any of you gave them free value. And if any of you gave them free value. And if any of them end up wanting to work with me, them end up wanting to work with me, them end up wanting to work with me, I'll give you 20% of that project I'll give you 20% of that project I'll give you 20% of that project revenue. There's essentially no risk for revenue. There's essentially no risk for revenue. There's essentially no risk for them. They're not paying you. You're not them. They're not paying you. You're not them. They're not paying you. You're not asking for anything from them upfront as asking for anything from them upfront as asking for anything from them upfront as far as money. You're just saying, "Let far as money. You're just saying, "Let far as money. You're just saying, "Let me make you look good to your clients." me make you look good to your clients." me make you look good to your clients." So, this works well because when the So, this works well because when the So, this works well because when the agency owner says to their client, "Hey, agency owner says to their client, "Hey, agency owner says to their client, "Hey, you know, I'm going to bring in this you know, I'm going to bring in this you know, I'm going to bring in this expert to give you a free audit." You expert to give you a free audit." You expert to give you a free audit." You instantly have more authority. You're instantly have more authority. You're instantly have more authority. You're being called in like a consultant. being called in like a consultant. being called in like a consultant. You're the specialist that they are You're the specialist that they are You're the specialist that they are introducing. Compare that to cold introducing. Compare that to cold introducing. Compare that to cold outreach when you're a complete stranger outreach when you're a complete stranger outreach when you're a complete stranger in an inbox trying to prove yourself. in an inbox trying to prove yourself. in an inbox trying to prove yourself. So, with the Trojan horse method, you So, with the Trojan horse method, you So, with the Trojan horse method, you borrow credibility from day one and borrow credibility from day one and borrow credibility from day one and you're getting access into probably a you're getting access into probably a you're getting access into probably a bunch of clients who already trust and bunch of clients who already trust and bunch of clients who already trust and already pay and are already warm to already pay and are already warm to already pay and are already warm to spending money on services. So, they're spending money on services. So, they're spending money on services. So, they're not tire kickers. They're real not tire kickers. They're real not tire kickers. They're real businesses with hopefully real budgets. businesses with hopefully real budgets. businesses with hopefully real budgets. Now, when you are able to secure a few Now, when you are able to secure a few Now, when you are able to secure a few yeses, just keep it simple. hop on the yeses, just keep it simple. hop on the yeses, just keep it simple. hop on the discovery call, learn about their discovery call, learn about their discovery call, learn about their business, understand their processes, business, understand their processes, business, understand their processes, and tell them where AI could help them. and tell them where AI could help them. and tell them where AI could help them. Now, if they hop in the call and say, Now, if they hop in the call and say, Now, if they hop in the call and say, you know, like, "No, I need to use AI, you know, like, "No, I need to use AI, you know, like, "No, I need to use AI, and I'm glad that we're having the and I'm glad that we're having the and I'm glad that we're having the session, but I have no clue where to session, but I have no clue where to session, but I have no clue where to even start. Tell me what I don't know." even start. Tell me what I don't know." even start. Tell me what I don't know." What you want to do is help them What you want to do is help them What you want to do is help them identify their current constraints. So, identify their current constraints. So, identify their current constraints. So, a really good question you could ask is, a really good question you could ask is, a really good question you could ask is, if tomorrow you've got 300 people that if tomorrow you've got 300 people that if tomorrow you've got 300 people that wanted your services, what process would wanted your services, what process would wanted your services, what process would break first in [music] that, you know, break first in [music] that, you know, break first in [music] that, you know, customer life cycle? And then they'll customer life cycle? And then they'll customer life cycle? And then they'll think about it. They'll run it through think about it. They'll run it through think about it. They'll run it through in their head, and then they'll say in their head, and then they'll say in their head, and then they'll say something, and you just dive in on that something, and you just dive in on that something, and you just dive in on that process. And here's the best part about process. And here's the best part about process. And here's the best part about the Trojan horse method. Even if they the Trojan horse method. Even if they the Trojan horse method. Even if they don't end up becoming a client, I think don't end up becoming a client, I think don't end up becoming a client, I think it's still a win-win. You got experience it's still a win-win. You got experience it's still a win-win. You got experience doing a discovery call. The business doing a discovery call. The business doing a discovery call. The business owner got free insights about AI, and owner got free insights about AI, and owner got free insights about AI, and the agency looked like a hero for the agency looked like a hero for the agency looked like a hero for bringing you in. Win-winwin. And some bringing you in. Win-winwin. And some bringing you in. Win-winwin. And some percentages of those calls will turn percentages of those calls will turn percentages of those calls will turn into paid projects. Remember, it's a into paid projects. Remember, it's a into paid projects. Remember, it's a numbers game. You need to do 10 times numbers game. You need to do 10 times numbers game. You need to do 10 times more than you think. Finding partners is more than you think. Finding partners is more than you think. Finding partners is the same process as cold outreach. the same process as cold outreach. the same process as cold outreach. Building a lead list of agencies, Building a lead list of agencies, Building a lead list of agencies, consultants, and service providers, and consultants, and service providers, and consultants, and service providers, and niches that you want to work with reach niches that you want to work with reach niches that you want to work with reach out with an offer that's hard to say no out with an offer that's hard to say no out with an offer that's hard to say no to. And luckily, that's kind of what to. And luckily, that's kind of what to. And luckily, that's kind of what this method is. It's an offer with like this method is. It's an offer with like this method is. It's an offer with like zero downside for them unless you mess zero downside for them unless you mess zero downside for them unless you mess up the discovery call big time. And up the discovery call big time. And up the discovery call big time. And that's basically the risk that they that's basically the risk that they that's basically the risk that they have. But of course, the upside is have. But of course, the upside is have. But of course, the upside is they're providing tons of extra value to they're providing tons of extra value to they're providing tons of extra value to their clients and they might get 20% of their clients and they might get 20% of their clients and they might get 20% of a big project. So if you construct that a big project. So if you construct that a big project. So if you construct that offer and you hit their inbox or their offer and you hit their inbox or their offer and you hit their inbox or their LinkedIn DMs, most agency owners will LinkedIn DMs, most agency owners will LinkedIn DMs, most agency owners will actually at least hear you out. So actually at least hear you out. So actually at least hear you out. So that's the Trojan horse method. Borrow that's the Trojan horse method. Borrow that's the Trojan horse method. Borrow trust, make partners look like heroes, trust, make partners look like heroes, trust, make partners look like heroes, get in front of warm clients without get in front of warm clients without get in front of warm clients without building your own audience. So now that building your own audience. So now that building your own audience. So now that we've talked about those three methods, we've talked about those three methods, we've talked about those three methods, let me give you a road map. But first, I let me give you a road map. But first, I let me give you a road map. But first, I need to do one thing. I need to flip how need to do one thing. I need to flip how need to do one thing. I need to flip how you're thinking about this. A lot of you're thinking about this. A lot of you're thinking about this. A lot of people think about this backwards. They people think about this backwards. They people think about this backwards. They spend weeks, maybe even months, building spend weeks, maybe even months, building spend weeks, maybe even months, building out elaborate systems, perfecting every out elaborate systems, perfecting every out elaborate systems, perfecting every deal, and then they try to sell it. By deal, and then they try to sell it. By deal, and then they try to sell it. By that point, they've invested all this that point, they've invested all this that point, they've invested all this time into something that they have no time into something that they have no time into something that they have no idea anyone actually wants. There's no idea anyone actually wants. There's no idea anyone actually wants. There's no market validation. So, the smarter thing market validation. So, the smarter thing market validation. So, the smarter thing is to actually flip that order and is to actually flip that order and is to actually flip that order and create an offer around something that create an offer around something that create an offer around something that you know you could build. Maybe you see you know you could build. Maybe you see you know you could build. Maybe you see other people building it, so you know other people building it, so you know other people building it, so you know it's possible. And then start sending it's possible. And then start sending it's possible. And then start sending outreach as if you have the thing built. outreach as if you have the thing built. outreach as if you have the thing built. See if there's anyone interested. See if See if there's anyone interested. See if See if there's anyone interested. See if people respond. If they do, then build people respond. If they do, then build people respond. If they do, then build it out. But if nobody bites, then you it out. But if nobody bites, then you it out. But if nobody bites, then you should pivot to something else and test should pivot to something else and test should pivot to something else and test that offer again before you build it all that offer again before you build it all that offer again before you build it all out. In that case, the only thing you've out. In that case, the only thing you've out. In that case, the only thing you've lost is a little bit of time that it lost is a little bit of time that it lost is a little bit of time that it took to write some of those messages. took to write some of those messages. took to write some of those messages. But the lesson is stark. You can have But the lesson is stark. You can have But the lesson is stark. You can have the most technically impressive system the most technically impressive system the most technically impressive system in the world. But if you built it in in the world. But if you built it in in the world. But if you built it in isolation without talking to customers isolation without talking to customers isolation without talking to customers first, you just have an expensive first, you just have an expensive first, you just have an expensive portfolio piece that nobody actually portfolio piece that nobody actually portfolio piece that nobody actually wants. Cold outreach gives you direct wants. Cold outreach gives you direct wants. Cold outreach gives you direct primary research from the market before primary research from the market before primary research from the market before you commit to building anything. People you commit to building anything. People you commit to building anything. People either respond or they don't, and that either respond or they don't, and that either respond or they don't, and that signal is worth more than any amount of signal is worth more than any amount of signal is worth more than any amount of guessing. So, now that we've covered guessing. So, now that we've covered guessing. So, now that we've covered that, let's talk about the four-step that, let's talk about the four-step that, let's talk about the four-step framework. Step one is offer first. So, framework. Step one is offer first. So, framework. Step one is offer first. So, pick a niche, pick a problem, do some pick a niche, pick a problem, do some pick a niche, pick a problem, do some research, create an offer around an research, create an offer around an research, create an offer around an outcome that you're confident you could outcome that you're confident you could outcome that you're confident you could deliver. Now, I do think that building deliver. Now, I do think that building deliver. Now, I do think that building simple PC's and demos is fine and simple PC's and demos is fine and simple PC's and demos is fine and probably a good idea just in case on probably a good idea just in case on probably a good idea just in case on that Loom video you can show them how it that Loom video you can show them how it that Loom video you can show them how it works or on a call, but don't pour weeks works or on a call, but don't pour weeks works or on a call, but don't pour weeks and weeks into building something once and weeks into building something once and weeks into building something once again if you don't know the market wants again if you don't know the market wants again if you don't know the market wants it. Step two is validate with volume. it. Step two is validate with volume. it. Step two is validate with volume. So, test it with outreach. Aim to get So, test it with outreach. Aim to get So, test it with outreach. Aim to get five clients so that you can start five clients so that you can start five clients so that you can start getting referrals and case studies. If getting referrals and case studies. If getting referrals and case studies. If you're doing manual DMs on LinkedIn or you're doing manual DMs on LinkedIn or you're doing manual DMs on LinkedIn or Instagram, maybe aim for at least 100 a Instagram, maybe aim for at least 100 a Instagram, maybe aim for at least 100 a day. I know it's aggressive, but that's day. I know it's aggressive, but that's day. I know it's aggressive, but that's what it takes to get real data fast. And what it takes to get real data fast. And what it takes to get real data fast. And if you want to take the cold email if you want to take the cold email if you want to take the cold email route, then definitely just invest in route, then definitely just invest in route, then definitely just invest in some domains. Maybe you could buy some domains. Maybe you could buy some domains. Maybe you could buy domains that are already warmed up and domains that are already warmed up and domains that are already warmed up and get some inboxes that you can scale up get some inboxes that you can scale up get some inboxes that you can scale up to like 500 emails a day. Cuz keep in to like 500 emails a day. Cuz keep in to like 500 emails a day. Cuz keep in mind, even if you're getting a 3% reply mind, even if you're getting a 3% reply mind, even if you're getting a 3% reply rate, that's still pretty good. But rate, that's still pretty good. But rate, that's still pretty good. But here's what separates winners from here's what separates winners from here's what separates winners from losers. Because both winners and losers losers. Because both winners and losers losers. Because both winners and losers will fail. Everyone hits roadblocks. The will fail. Everyone hits roadblocks. The will fail. Everyone hits roadblocks. The difference is that winners understand difference is that winners understand difference is that winners understand why they failed and they changed why they failed and they changed why they failed and they changed something. Losers keep throwing time and something. Losers keep throwing time and something. Losers keep throwing time and resources into a broken system. So resources into a broken system. So resources into a broken system. So monitor your data every single day. monitor your data every single day. monitor your data every single day. Track your open rate, track your reply Track your open rate, track your reply Track your open rate, track your reply rate, track your positive response rate. rate, track your positive response rate. rate, track your positive response rate. If something's not working, then figure If something's not working, then figure If something's not working, then figure out why and actually adjust it. Step out why and actually adjust it. Step out why and actually adjust it. Step three is to deliver and then document. three is to deliver and then document. three is to deliver and then document. So once you do land a client, your job So once you do land a client, your job So once you do land a client, your job is to overd deliver and then track is to overd deliver and then track is to overd deliver and then track everything. So before you start, you everything. So before you start, you everything. So before you start, you have to get those baseline metrics. How have to get those baseline metrics. How have to get those baseline metrics. How long does the process take manually? long does the process take manually? long does the process take manually? What's the error rate? What are the What's the error rate? What are the What's the error rate? What are the current KPIs? And then after your system current KPIs? And then after your system current KPIs? And then after your system is live, you measure those same numbers is live, you measure those same numbers is live, you measure those same numbers again. You show them the before, you again. You show them the before, you again. You show them the before, you show them the after. And that does two show them the after. And that does two show them the after. And that does two things. It first of all proves ROI so things. It first of all proves ROI so things. It first of all proves ROI so they know it was actually a good they know it was actually a good they know it was actually a good investment. And the second thing is that investment. And the second thing is that investment. And the second thing is that it gives you a rockolid case study to it gives you a rockolid case study to it gives you a rockolid case study to use for future clients. And then of use for future clients. And then of use for future clients. And then of course, once you've shown them all that course, once you've shown them all that course, once you've shown them all that data, ask for the referral. And then data, ask for the referral. And then data, ask for the referral. And then step four is to scale with borrowed step four is to scale with borrowed step four is to scale with borrowed authority. Now that you've got some authority. Now that you've got some authority. Now that you've got some results under your belt, start using the results under your belt, start using the results under your belt, start using the Trojan horse method. Reach out to Trojan horse method. Reach out to Trojan horse method. Reach out to agencies, consultants, and service agencies, consultants, and service agencies, consultants, and service providers. Offer to do free audits for providers. Offer to do free audits for providers. Offer to do free audits for their clients. Make them look like the their clients. Make them look like the their clients. Make them look like the hero. Take 20% rev share on any deals hero. Take 20% rev share on any deals hero. Take 20% rev share on any deals that you close. This gets you in front that you close. This gets you in front that you close. This gets you in front of warm leads without building your own of warm leads without building your own of warm leads without building your own audience. And because you're introduced audience. And because you're introduced audience. And because you're introduced by someone that they already trust, you by someone that they already trust, you by someone that they already trust, you have instant credibility. So, I know we have instant credibility. So, I know we have instant credibility. So, I know we covered a ton of information in this covered a ton of information in this covered a ton of information in this video. So, what I did is I threw all of video. So, what I did is I threw all of video. So, what I did is I threw all of this into a resource guide, which you this into a resource guide, which you this into a resource guide, which you can access for completely free in my can access for completely free in my can access for completely free in my free school community. Link for that is free school community. Link for that is free school community. Link for that is down in the description. And if you want down in the description. And if you want down in the description. And if you want to dive deeper into all this kind of to dive deeper into all this kind of to dive deeper into all this kind of stuff and connect with over 3,000 stuff and connect with over 3,000 stuff and connect with over 3,000 members who are building their own AI members who are building their own AI members who are building their own AI automation businesses, then check out my automation businesses, then check out my automation businesses, then check out my plus community. The link for that is plus community. The link for that is plus community. The link for that is also down in the description. also down in the description. also down in the description. If you can build AI workflows, but you If you can build AI workflows, but you If you can build AI workflows, but you still can't sign a client, then this still can't sign a client, then this still can't sign a client, then this video is for you because I'm going to video is for you because I'm going to video is for you because I'm going to show you how to land your first AI show you how to land your first AI show you how to land your first AI workflow client in just 7 days. [music] workflow client in just 7 days. [music] workflow client in just 7 days. [music] And this isn't theory. Christian used And this isn't theory. Christian used And this isn't theory. Christian used this exact process and signed his first this exact process and signed his first this exact process and signed his first client in just 5 days. So, in this client in just 5 days. So, in this client in just 5 days. So, in this video, he'll break down what he did and video, he'll break down what he did and video, he'll break down what he did and then I'll show you the exact same method then I'll show you the exact same method then I'll show you the exact same method step by step so that you can copy it. step by step so that you can copy it. step by step so that you can copy it. So, let's get into it. All right, guys. So, let's get into it. All right, guys. So, let's get into it. All right, guys. Today I'm here with Christian. He's a Today I'm here with Christian. He's a Today I'm here with Christian. He's a member of the community and he's had member of the community and he's had member of the community and he's had some huge wins inside the community. He some huge wins inside the community. He some huge wins inside the community. He actually got a client in the first 5 actually got a client in the first 5 actually got a client in the first 5 days of joining and going through the days of joining and going through the days of joining and going through the program. So I wanted to bring him in program. So I wanted to bring him in program. So I wanted to bring him in today and just kind of highlight his today and just kind of highlight his today and just kind of highlight his story a little bit and talk about, you story a little bit and talk about, you story a little bit and talk about, you know, some of his big breakthroughs and know, some of his big breakthroughs and know, some of his big breakthroughs and how he was able to achieve these wins. how he was able to achieve these wins. how he was able to achieve these wins. So Christian, if you want to give So Christian, if you want to give So Christian, if you want to give everyone a real quick intro, a little everyone a real quick intro, a little everyone a real quick intro, a little bit of your background and, you know, bit of your background and, you know, bit of your background and, you know, how technical were you before hopping how technical were you before hopping how technical were you before hopping into this AI space? into this AI space? into this AI space? &gt;&gt; Yeah, so uh my name is uh Christian. I'm &gt;&gt; Yeah, so uh my name is uh Christian. I'm &gt;&gt; Yeah, so uh my name is uh Christian. I'm uh 21 years old out here in Arizona. And uh 21 years old out here in Arizona. And uh 21 years old out here in Arizona. And for me as a background, I've always been for me as a background, I've always been for me as a background, I've always been kind of techsavvy, always liked doing kind of techsavvy, always liked doing kind of techsavvy, always liked doing like using the tools. But as far as AI like using the tools. But as far as AI like using the tools. But as far as AI itself, I was barely introduced this itself, I was barely introduced this itself, I was barely introduced this year. Like it was back in March when I year. Like it was back in March when I year. Like it was back in March when I was introduced. So still fairly new. was introduced. So still fairly new. was introduced. So still fairly new. Once I got introduced, I just got Once I got introduced, I just got Once I got introduced, I just got obsessed and just started rolling with obsessed and just started rolling with obsessed and just started rolling with it. But started this about a couple it. But started this about a couple it. But started this about a couple months ago. Loving the community, loving months ago. Loving the community, loving months ago. Loving the community, loving all the support and all the guidance all the support and all the guidance all the support and all the guidance with it. And it's just it's just been with it. And it's just it's just been with it. And it's just it's just been great ever since I joined. great ever since I joined. great ever since I joined. &gt;&gt; Awesome, man. Well, yeah. I'm super &gt;&gt; Awesome, man. Well, yeah. I'm super &gt;&gt; Awesome, man. Well, yeah. I'm super excited to have you here today and just excited to have you here today and just excited to have you here today and just get to talk about, you know, what got get to talk about, you know, what got get to talk about, you know, what got you into this space and how you were you into this space and how you were you into this space and how you were able to achieve, you know, these client able to achieve, you know, these client able to achieve, you know, these client wins. So, I guess that's the first one wins. So, I guess that's the first one wins. So, I guess that's the first one to start off with, like what actually to start off with, like what actually to start off with, like what actually was it to you that made you realize was it to you that made you realize was it to you that made you realize like, I want to take advantage of this like, I want to take advantage of this like, I want to take advantage of this AI opportunity? AI opportunity? AI opportunity? &gt;&gt; Once I started getting introduced to it, &gt;&gt; Once I started getting introduced to it, &gt;&gt; Once I started getting introduced to it, getting more acquainted with it, I just getting more acquainted with it, I just getting more acquainted with it, I just I love the possibilities and all the I love the possibilities and all the I love the possibilities and all the different things that you can do with different things that you can do with different things that you can do with AI. And for me, about it was about 3 AI. And for me, about it was about 3 AI. And for me, about it was about 3 months ago, I had that light bulb months ago, I had that light bulb months ago, I had that light bulb moment. It was like what if I can moment. It was like what if I can moment. It was like what if I can somehow use this in businesses and help somehow use this in businesses and help somehow use this in businesses and help them do that and I can charge them a them do that and I can charge them a them do that and I can charge them a whatever price but ultimately it'd be whatever price but ultimately it'd be whatever price but ultimately it'd be solving a rich person problem. It was a solving a rich person problem. It was a solving a rich person problem. It was a really cool moment really when I found really cool moment really when I found really cool moment really when I found it. So it. So it. So &gt;&gt; 100%. Yeah. So once you kind of found &gt;&gt; 100%. Yeah. So once you kind of found &gt;&gt; 100%. Yeah. So once you kind of found out you wanted to go down the AI out you wanted to go down the AI out you wanted to go down the AI automation space and I think n was was automation space and I think n was was automation space and I think n was was your big tool as well. What were you your big tool as well. What were you your big tool as well. What were you doing and like how were you trying to doing and like how were you trying to doing and like how were you trying to find clients before joining the find clients before joining the find clients before joining the community? Funny enough, um I actually community? Funny enough, um I actually community? Funny enough, um I actually didn't start using NAN about up till didn't start using NAN about up till didn't start using NAN about up till about a couple weeks ago. But before about a couple weeks ago. But before about a couple weeks ago. But before that, my other community that taught me that, my other community that taught me that, my other community that taught me a way to where we can scrape leads off a way to where we can scrape leads off a way to where we can scrape leads off of LinkedIn, find their emails, generate of LinkedIn, find their emails, generate of LinkedIn, find their emails, generate email bodies for them using AI and then email bodies for them using AI and then email bodies for them using AI and then loading it into a website called loading it into a website called loading it into a website called instantly AI where you can just in uh instantly AI where you can just in uh instantly AI where you can just in uh emails like cold emails. It was a great emails like cold emails. It was a great emails like cold emails. It was a great thought to begin with, right? It was a thought to begin with, right? It was a thought to begin with, right? It was a great idea. I was doing a bunch of great idea. I was doing a bunch of great idea. I was doing a bunch of emails, like 450 a day, but uh it was emails, like 450 a day, but uh it was emails, like 450 a day, but uh it was like a crazy open rate, but nobody was like a crazy open rate, but nobody was like a crazy open rate, but nobody was buying. Uh just a lot of shots in the buying. Uh just a lot of shots in the buying. Uh just a lot of shots in the dark. Didn't really know how to dark. Didn't really know how to dark. Didn't really know how to structure the emails. I I didn't know structure the emails. I I didn't know structure the emails. I I didn't know how to write copy or anything. So, well, how to write copy or anything. So, well, how to write copy or anything. So, well, I was basically just trying anything and I was basically just trying anything and I was basically just trying anything and everything I could. Joining Facebook everything I could. Joining Facebook everything I could. Joining Facebook group, talking to my contacts that I group, talking to my contacts that I group, talking to my contacts that I have, other business owners, uh see if have, other business owners, uh see if have, other business owners, uh see if they can I can do it for them or if I they can I can do it for them or if I they can I can do it for them or if I can just if they have anybody that I can can just if they have anybody that I can can just if they have anybody that I can do it for. Just really no proper do it for. Just really no proper do it for. Just really no proper guidance or no, uh set direction. just guidance or no, uh set direction. just guidance or no, uh set direction. just kind of shooting off different lanes kind of shooting off different lanes kind of shooting off different lanes hoping that one of them was going to hoping that one of them was going to hoping that one of them was going to hit. hit. hit. &gt;&gt; I think the reason what like cold email &gt;&gt; I think the reason what like cold email &gt;&gt; I think the reason what like cold email is really successful and cold outreach is really successful and cold outreach is really successful and cold outreach in general I think once you're ready to in general I think once you're ready to in general I think once you're ready to scale but like to get your first client scale but like to get your first client scale but like to get your first client it's really tough to do that because it's really tough to do that because it's really tough to do that because people are just like I don't know who people are just like I don't know who people are just like I don't know who this guy is and it's like he has nothing this guy is and it's like he has nothing this guy is and it's like he has nothing really to show me yet. Why would I kind really to show me yet. Why would I kind really to show me yet. Why would I kind of give him or her my business? So how of give him or her my business? So how of give him or her my business? So how did then your approach kind of change did then your approach kind of change did then your approach kind of change once you were in the community and once you were in the community and once you were in the community and started to you know interact with the started to you know interact with the started to you know interact with the people in there in the course material? people in there in the course material? people in there in the course material? &gt;&gt; Biggest one by far was how to position &gt;&gt; Biggest one by far was how to position &gt;&gt; Biggest one by far was how to position myself. Right. We're not selling myself. Right. We're not selling myself. Right. We're not selling workflows. It's the brand behind it. workflows. It's the brand behind it. workflows. It's the brand behind it. Scale or get your time back, whatever Scale or get your time back, whatever Scale or get your time back, whatever the goal is for your business. the goal is for your business. the goal is for your business. Positioning myself as a proper guide, Positioning myself as a proper guide, Positioning myself as a proper guide, not a template salesman. That was a not a template salesman. That was a not a template salesman. That was a really key thing for my for me in my really key thing for my for me in my really key thing for my for me in my process. And it's it's just it was black process. And it's it's just it was black process. And it's it's just it was black and white difference and it helped me and white difference and it helped me and white difference and it helped me out a ton. Within days of me doing that, out a ton. Within days of me doing that, out a ton. Within days of me doing that, I posed my first client, which was I posed my first client, which was I posed my first client, which was insane. insane. insane. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Know, I was just looking at our &gt;&gt; Yeah. Know, I was just looking at our &gt;&gt; Yeah. Know, I was just looking at our our DM on school right before we hopped our DM on school right before we hopped our DM on school right before we hopped on and I remember, you know, you joined on and I remember, you know, you joined on and I remember, you know, you joined the community. We we had a quick chat, the community. We we had a quick chat, the community. We we had a quick chat, got you access to the course, and then 5 got you access to the course, and then 5 got you access to the course, and then 5 days later, you messaged me. It's like, days later, you messaged me. It's like, days later, you messaged me. It's like, I just closed my client for like what I just closed my client for like what I just closed my client for like what was it? Was it 1,500 or something like was it? Was it 1,500 or something like was it? Was it 1,500 or something like that? that? that? &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, 1500, 1500. And we actually we &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, 1500, 1500. And we actually we &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, 1500, 1500. And we actually we upped it recently. So, we're doing uh upped it recently. So, we're doing uh upped it recently. So, we're doing uh 2,000 now. And then I think it's going 2,000 now. And then I think it's going 2,000 now. And then I think it's going to over time build and build and build to over time build and build and build to over time build and build and build from there as I get better, too. Yeah, from there as I get better, too. Yeah, from there as I get better, too. Yeah, it was it was 1500 starting out. So, it it was it was 1500 starting out. So, it it was it was 1500 starting out. So, it was it was pretty cool. was it was pretty cool. was it was pretty cool. &gt;&gt; So, you made a post about that win, &gt;&gt; So, you made a post about that win, &gt;&gt; So, you made a post about that win, right? And then I pinned it in the right? And then I pinned it in the right? And then I pinned it in the community and then did you say someone community and then did you say someone community and then did you say someone reached out to you from that post and reached out to you from that post and reached out to you from that post and you got another client off that? So off you got another client off that? So off you got another client off that? So off that first one, I was getting a lot of that first one, I was getting a lot of that first one, I was getting a lot of praise or a lot of traction. I was like, praise or a lot of traction. I was like, praise or a lot of traction. I was like, "Oh, this is cool." And then you know "Oh, this is cool." And then you know "Oh, this is cool." And then you know the the gem as well. So that was that the the gem as well. So that was that the the gem as well. So that was that was even better. Literally three days was even better. Literally three days was even better. Literally three days later on that was that Friday I posted later on that was that Friday I posted later on that was that Friday I posted that Sunday. Another member in the that Sunday. Another member in the that Sunday. Another member in the community reached out. He was a newer community reached out. He was a newer community reached out. He was a newer member and said, "Hey, I'm looking for member and said, "Hey, I'm looking for member and said, "Hey, I'm looking for to hire uh he called it an AI automator. to hire uh he called it an AI automator. to hire uh he called it an AI automator. Um and then it went from getting, you Um and then it went from getting, you Um and then it went from getting, you know, got the first client, engaged with know, got the first client, engaged with know, got the first client, engaged with the community, got the second client, the community, got the second client, the community, got the second client, and now I'm able to actually do this and now I'm able to actually do this and now I'm able to actually do this full-time and not even have to worry full-time and not even have to worry full-time and not even have to worry about work." So, which is great. about work." So, which is great. about work." So, which is great. &gt;&gt; Um, and it sounds like your kind of &gt;&gt; Um, and it sounds like your kind of &gt;&gt; Um, and it sounds like your kind of biggest light bulb moment so far from biggest light bulb moment so far from biggest light bulb moment so far from the community has been just the idea of the community has been just the idea of the community has been just the idea of the way you position yourself and um, the way you position yourself and um, the way you position yourself and um, probably how you conduct yourself on probably how you conduct yourself on probably how you conduct yourself on those initial discovery and sales calls. those initial discovery and sales calls. those initial discovery and sales calls. So, is there anything specifically you So, is there anything specifically you So, is there anything specifically you can think about where you know hopping can think about where you know hopping can think about where you know hopping on discovery calls or trying to talk to on discovery calls or trying to talk to on discovery calls or trying to talk to business owners before having that kind business owners before having that kind business owners before having that kind of like light bulb moment, the way that of like light bulb moment, the way that of like light bulb moment, the way that you would like speak about AI or speak you would like speak about AI or speak you would like speak about AI or speak about automations has shifted? about automations has shifted? about automations has shifted? &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. Uh, before I would I &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. Uh, before I would I &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. Uh, before I would I didn't really I didn't have a process. I didn't really I didn't have a process. I didn't really I didn't have a process. I would walk in there and say, "Hey, this would walk in there and say, "Hey, this would walk in there and say, "Hey, this is what I do. I can build template for is what I do. I can build template for is what I do. I can build template for you if you need and it can solve this. you if you need and it can solve this. you if you need and it can solve this. Do you want it? And that was that was Do you want it? And that was that was Do you want it? And that was that was kind of it. But going through the uh kind of it. But going through the uh kind of it. But going through the uh lessons and actually showing all right lessons and actually showing all right lessons and actually showing all right this is how you should ask the this is how you should ask the this is how you should ask the questions. This is how you find the pain questions. This is how you find the pain questions. This is how you find the pain and find ways that we can actually and find ways that we can actually and find ways that we can actually leverage AI to actually help their leverage AI to actually help their leverage AI to actually help their business and and again I'm an actual business and and again I'm an actual business and and again I'm an actual guide in their process in a in the guide in their process in a in the guide in their process in a in the journey of AI cuz it's it can be very journey of AI cuz it's it can be very journey of AI cuz it's it can be very overwhelming. So once I started overwhelming. So once I started overwhelming. So once I started positioning myself there it was a positioning myself there it was a positioning myself there it was a complete 180. Yeah. It was just it was complete 180. Yeah. It was just it was complete 180. Yeah. It was just it was yeah complete night and day difference. yeah complete night and day difference. yeah complete night and day difference. I'm going to do that with all my I'm going to do that with all my I'm going to do that with all my processes moving forward. But that one processes moving forward. But that one processes moving forward. But that one specifically really helped me out a lot. specifically really helped me out a lot. specifically really helped me out a lot. &gt;&gt; So besides the the way that you shifted &gt;&gt; So besides the the way that you shifted &gt;&gt; So besides the the way that you shifted your perspective as far as like you know your perspective as far as like you know your perspective as far as like you know let's think about your business and let let's think about your business and let let's think about your business and let me help you diagnose problems rather me help you diagnose problems rather me help you diagnose problems rather than just here's a template. What else than just here's a template. What else than just here's a template. What else do you think it made them say yes? do you think it made them say yes? do you think it made them say yes? Because at this point there's there's Because at this point there's there's Because at this point there's there's this mental battle of like how much this mental battle of like how much this mental battle of like how much should I charge or should I do it for should I charge or should I do it for should I charge or should I do it for free or like what what proof do I free or like what what proof do I free or like what what proof do I actually have? How do I get someone to actually have? How do I get someone to actually have? How do I get someone to say yes? So, what else do you think it say yes? So, what else do you think it say yes? So, what else do you think it was about you and about the way that you was about you and about the way that you was about you and about the way that you spoke to this this person that got them spoke to this this person that got them spoke to this this person that got them to ultimately give you their business? to ultimately give you their business? to ultimately give you their business? &gt;&gt; Well, for the second client, I mean, he &gt;&gt; Well, for the second client, I mean, he &gt;&gt; Well, for the second client, I mean, he kind of knew my situation a little bit kind of knew my situation a little bit kind of knew my situation a little bit cuz he saw the post, he read it, and cuz he saw the post, he read it, and cuz he saw the post, he read it, and then that's when he reached out. I was then that's when he reached out. I was then that's when he reached out. I was just very very honest with them and just very very honest with them and just very very honest with them and upfront about like, listen, this is um upfront about like, listen, this is um upfront about like, listen, this is um obviously you know the value of the obviously you know the value of the obviously you know the value of the product. So, uh, I went in there, I was product. So, uh, I went in there, I was product. So, uh, I went in there, I was very, very open. I was very honest and very, very open. I was very honest and very, very open. I was very honest and transparent about me, where I'm at on my transparent about me, where I'm at on my transparent about me, where I'm at on my journey and my goals for him and was journey and my goals for him and was journey and my goals for him and was mainly just trying to focus on building mainly just trying to focus on building mainly just trying to focus on building that relationship. that relationship. that relationship. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And now, I mean, the rest is &gt;&gt; Yeah. And now, I mean, the rest is &gt;&gt; Yeah. And now, I mean, the rest is history. So, history. So, history. So, &gt;&gt; yeah, it's awesome because now that your &gt;&gt; yeah, it's awesome because now that your &gt;&gt; yeah, it's awesome because now that your foot's in the door, there's so much foot's in the door, there's so much foot's in the door, there's so much opportunity for for more growth and and opportunity for for more growth and and opportunity for for more growth and and for bigger projects. And I've always for bigger projects. And I've always for bigger projects. And I've always said, you know, you'd rather have one, said, you know, you'd rather have one, said, you know, you'd rather have one, let's just say 10K a month client rather let's just say 10K a month client rather let's just say 10K a month client rather than having five 2K a month clients. You than having five 2K a month clients. You than having five 2K a month clients. You just have an opportunity to go way just have an opportunity to go way just have an opportunity to go way deeper. And that just leads into better deeper. And that just leads into better deeper. And that just leads into better referrals, better case studies, more referrals, better case studies, more referrals, better case studies, more opportunities to win more business, opportunities to win more business, opportunities to win more business, things like that. Do you want to walk us things like that. Do you want to walk us things like that. Do you want to walk us through the actual solution that you've through the actual solution that you've through the actual solution that you've provided to this first business or that provided to this first business or that provided to this first business or that you're working on and and also how you you're working on and and also how you you're working on and and also how you got to that price point and what sort of got to that price point and what sort of got to that price point and what sort of like that conversation looks like? like that conversation looks like? like that conversation looks like? &gt;&gt; The one that I built, so I was trying to &gt;&gt; The one that I built, so I was trying to &gt;&gt; The one that I built, so I was trying to build a system for updating clients. A build a system for updating clients. A build a system for updating clients. A huge pain point that we were having huge pain point that we were having huge pain point that we were having simply just communication. Like a lot of simply just communication. Like a lot of simply just communication. Like a lot of clients would call up like, "Hey, uh, clients would call up like, "Hey, uh, clients would call up like, "Hey, uh, what's this? I don't know what they mean what's this? I don't know what they mean what's this? I don't know what they mean by this. when is this going to get by this. when is this going to get by this. when is this going to get scheduled? Or nobody's talked to me. scheduled? Or nobody's talked to me. scheduled? Or nobody's talked to me. Nobody's reached out. I don't know Nobody's reached out. I don't know Nobody's reached out. I don't know what's going on with my project or what's going on with my project or what's going on with my project or sometimes they're just simple FAQs. They sometimes they're just simple FAQs. They sometimes they're just simple FAQs. They just want to know, hey, what what is just want to know, hey, what what is just want to know, hey, what what is shot create? And they can simply Google shot create? And they can simply Google shot create? And they can simply Google it, but they're going to call us first. it, but they're going to call us first. it, but they're going to call us first. I focus on building a workflow for that. I focus on building a workflow for that. I focus on building a workflow for that. And it actually I got inspiration for it And it actually I got inspiration for it And it actually I got inspiration for it from one of your YouTube videos. from one of your YouTube videos. from one of your YouTube videos. Actually, it was your AI assistant. So, Actually, it was your AI assistant. So, Actually, it was your AI assistant. So, I took that kind of blueprint and used I took that kind of blueprint and used I took that kind of blueprint and used it to build out a I called it like a PM it to build out a I called it like a PM it to build out a I called it like a PM assistant. So when the project manager assistant. So when the project manager assistant. So when the project manager is out on site, he can just simply talk is out on site, he can just simply talk is out on site, he can just simply talk to the bots, it'll, you know, engage to the bots, it'll, you know, engage to the bots, it'll, you know, engage with him, do what and execute whatever with him, do what and execute whatever with him, do what and execute whatever tasks are needed, whether it's sending tasks are needed, whether it's sending tasks are needed, whether it's sending clients an update email, logging an clients an update email, logging an clients an update email, logging an update into the CRM, little things like update into the CRM, little things like update into the CRM, little things like that. He loved it. He completely bought that. He loved it. He completely bought that. He loved it. He completely bought in. Uh I'm still improving it to this in. Uh I'm still improving it to this in. Uh I'm still improving it to this day. It's not perfect yet, but it's um day. It's not perfect yet, but it's um day. It's not perfect yet, but it's um it's constant refining. We're meeting it's constant refining. We're meeting it's constant refining. We're meeting every week to get it better and better every week to get it better and better every week to get it better and better and better, but that's the one I started and better, but that's the one I started and better, but that's the one I started with. with. with. &gt;&gt; I want to ask you now compared to let's &gt;&gt; I want to ask you now compared to let's &gt;&gt; I want to ask you now compared to let's just say 3 weeks ago, how much more just say 3 weeks ago, how much more just say 3 weeks ago, how much more confident do you feel? and just your confident do you feel? and just your confident do you feel? and just your ability to talk to people, show them the ability to talk to people, show them the ability to talk to people, show them the value, deliver on solutions, price your value, deliver on solutions, price your value, deliver on solutions, price your work, all that kind of stuff. work, all that kind of stuff. work, all that kind of stuff. &gt;&gt; A lot more confident. Before I had no &gt;&gt; A lot more confident. Before I had no &gt;&gt; A lot more confident. Before I had no idea how to do any of that. I was just idea how to do any of that. I was just idea how to do any of that. I was just kind of got to go kind of go in and just kind of got to go kind of go in and just kind of got to go kind of go in and just give like a set base price point for give like a set base price point for give like a set base price point for whatever workflow that I build. Um, and whatever workflow that I build. Um, and whatever workflow that I build. Um, and again, before I was just trying to sell again, before I was just trying to sell again, before I was just trying to sell templates basically. Now I feel a ton templates basically. Now I feel a ton templates basically. Now I feel a ton more confl confident knowing what my more confl confident knowing what my more confl confident knowing what my offer is. um having a clear offer for offer is. um having a clear offer for offer is. um having a clear offer for them that they can understand and being them that they can understand and being them that they can understand and being able to properly communicate what it is able to properly communicate what it is able to properly communicate what it is that I do and how it can benefit their that I do and how it can benefit their that I do and how it can benefit their business. business. business. &gt;&gt; That's awesome to hear, man. I mean, &gt;&gt; That's awesome to hear, man. I mean, &gt;&gt; That's awesome to hear, man. I mean, it's a cliche, but it's so true. Just it's a cliche, but it's so true. Just it's a cliche, but it's so true. Just the idea of like surrounding yourself the idea of like surrounding yourself the idea of like surrounding yourself with like-minded people, like what that with like-minded people, like what that with like-minded people, like what that really does to you, because I know like really does to you, because I know like really does to you, because I know like right before we started recording, we right before we started recording, we right before we started recording, we were just talking about how there's just were just talking about how there's just were just talking about how there's just so much noise and there's so much great so much noise and there's so much great so much noise and there's so much great education everywhere. But when you get education everywhere. But when you get education everywhere. But when you get stuck in that world where you're just stuck in that world where you're just stuck in that world where you're just watching, watching, watching, and you're watching, watching, watching, and you're watching, watching, watching, and you're getting like a scattered bit of getting like a scattered bit of getting like a scattered bit of information, and you don't have like a information, and you don't have like a information, and you don't have like a structured path, it just makes it very structured path, it just makes it very structured path, it just makes it very overwhelming, of course, but also overwhelming, of course, but also overwhelming, of course, but also confusing. confusing. confusing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, man. I wanted to kind of close off &gt;&gt; Yeah, man. I wanted to kind of close off &gt;&gt; Yeah, man. I wanted to kind of close off here if you've got any any final here if you've got any any final here if you've got any any final thoughts or where could people find you thoughts or where could people find you thoughts or where could people find you if they want to get in touch with you? if they want to get in touch with you? if they want to get in touch with you? &gt;&gt; Um, yeah. Yeah. I mean, it would just be &gt;&gt; Um, yeah. Yeah. I mean, it would just be &gt;&gt; Um, yeah. Yeah. I mean, it would just be uh my LinkedIn mainly cuz I don't really uh my LinkedIn mainly cuz I don't really uh my LinkedIn mainly cuz I don't really have a website right now or through the have a website right now or through the have a website right now or through the community. I think that's the the best community. I think that's the the best community. I think that's the the best way possible. I'm in both of the way possible. I'm in both of the way possible. I'm in both of the communities, regular one and then the communities, regular one and then the communities, regular one and then the plus community as well. I'm mainly in plus community as well. I'm mainly in plus community as well. I'm mainly in there more than anything [laughter] I there more than anything [laughter] I there more than anything [laughter] I would say. Just doing the same thing, would say. Just doing the same thing, would say. Just doing the same thing, just connecting with people, trying to just connecting with people, trying to just connecting with people, trying to provide value, and then seeing what else provide value, and then seeing what else provide value, and then seeing what else that I can learn. So, that I can learn. So, that I can learn. So, &gt;&gt; it's really inspiring to hear your &gt;&gt; it's really inspiring to hear your &gt;&gt; it's really inspiring to hear your story, man. 21 years old, started less story, man. 21 years old, started less story, man. 21 years old, started less than a year ago in this space. And and than a year ago in this space. And and than a year ago in this space. And and you guys also just heard him say you guys also just heard him say you guys also just heard him say basically doesn't have a website yet. basically doesn't have a website yet. basically doesn't have a website yet. He's new. He he told clients, "Hey, I'm He's new. He he told clients, "Hey, I'm He's new. He he told clients, "Hey, I'm new. I'm learning, but I want to help new. I'm learning, but I want to help new. I'm learning, but I want to help you." And he's been able to secure some you." And he's been able to secure some you." And he's been able to secure some pretty crazy wins. So, hopefully that's pretty crazy wins. So, hopefully that's pretty crazy wins. So, hopefully that's all very motivating to all of you guys all very motivating to all of you guys all very motivating to all of you guys that are watching this that are trying that are watching this that are trying that are watching this that are trying to get to a spot where where Christian to get to a spot where where Christian to get to a spot where where Christian now is. So, thanks so much for coming on now is. So, thanks so much for coming on now is. So, thanks so much for coming on today, Christian. I really enjoyed today, Christian. I really enjoyed today, Christian. I really enjoyed getting to know you and and getting to getting to know you and and getting to getting to know you and and getting to hear a little bit about your journey. hear a little bit about your journey. hear a little bit about your journey. Yeah, just keep crushing it. Best of Yeah, just keep crushing it. Best of Yeah, just keep crushing it. Best of luck, man. luck, man. luck, man. &gt;&gt; Thank you, man. I appreciate it. I'm &gt;&gt; Thank you, man. I appreciate it. I'm &gt;&gt; Thank you, man. I appreciate it. I'm going to try my best. going to try my best. going to try my best. &gt;&gt; So, now let's look at the exact method &gt;&gt; So, now let's look at the exact method &gt;&gt; So, now let's look at the exact method that I gave Christian that landed him that I gave Christian that landed him that I gave Christian that landed him his first client in just 5 days. By the his first client in just 5 days. By the his first client in just 5 days. By the end, you'll have everything that you end, you'll have everything that you end, you'll have everything that you need to go sign your first AI client. need to go sign your first AI client. need to go sign your first AI client. All right. So, before I walk through All right. So, before I walk through All right. So, before I walk through that actual 7-day plan, I just want to that actual 7-day plan, I just want to that actual 7-day plan, I just want to slow this down and ground it in what slow this down and ground it in what slow this down and ground it in what actually happened with Christian because actually happened with Christian because actually happened with Christian because this is where most beginners go wrong. this is where most beginners go wrong. this is where most beginners go wrong. If you think back to what Christian was If you think back to what Christian was If you think back to what Christian was doing before he joined the community, doing before he joined the community, doing before he joined the community, it's exactly what I see almost everyone it's exactly what I see almost everyone it's exactly what I see almost everyone doing when they get started, which is doing when they get started, which is doing when they get started, which is high volume, tons of cold outreach with high volume, tons of cold outreach with high volume, tons of cold outreach with no soul and no positioning, using tools no soul and no positioning, using tools no soul and no positioning, using tools or automations to scrape LinkedIn, or automations to scrape LinkedIn, or automations to scrape LinkedIn, pulling emails, using AI to write pulling emails, using AI to write pulling emails, using AI to write generic copy, loading it all into generic copy, loading it all into generic copy, loading it all into instantly, and then blasting out like 4 instantly, and then blasting out like 4 instantly, and then blasting out like 4 or 500 emails a day. Now, on paper, this or 500 emails a day. Now, on paper, this or 500 emails a day. Now, on paper, this feels really productive because you're feels really productive because you're feels really productive because you're sending out so many messages. But in sending out so many messages. But in sending out so many messages. But in reality, you're just another random reality, you're just another random reality, you're just another random person who's selling AI templates with person who's selling AI templates with person who's selling AI templates with no proof, no trust, and no real no proof, no trust, and no real no proof, no trust, and no real connection. And at that point, you're a connection. And at that point, you're a connection. And at that point, you're a commodity. And when you're a commodity, commodity. And when you're a commodity, commodity. And when you're a commodity, it turns into a race to the bottom on it turns into a race to the bottom on it turns into a race to the bottom on price, and you'll almost always lose. price, and you'll almost always lose. price, and you'll almost always lose. Because there's always going to be Because there's always going to be Because there's always going to be someone out there who will offer your someone out there who will offer your someone out there who will offer your service for a cheaper price. So, what service for a cheaper price. So, what service for a cheaper price. So, what changed everything for Christian was not changed everything for Christian was not changed everything for Christian was not better tools or more automation. It was better tools or more automation. It was better tools or more automation. It was the mindset shift. He stopped thinking the mindset shift. He stopped thinking the mindset shift. He stopped thinking like someone who was trying to sell like someone who was trying to sell like someone who was trying to sell workflows and started thinking like workflows and started thinking like workflows and started thinking like someone who was leading with outcomes. someone who was leading with outcomes. someone who was leading with outcomes. He positioned himself as a partner, not He positioned himself as a partner, not He positioned himself as a partner, not a template salesman. So, instead of a template salesman. So, instead of a template salesman. So, instead of saying things like, "Here's what I saying things like, "Here's what I saying things like, "Here's what I built. Here's this automation. Here's built. Here's this automation. Here's built. Here's this automation. Here's this template I can, you know, customize this template I can, you know, customize this template I can, you know, customize for you," he was saying, "Here's how I for you," he was saying, "Here's how I for you," he was saying, "Here's how I can help your business do X." And he was can help your business do X." And he was can help your business do X." And he was targeting a specific painoint. So, that targeting a specific painoint. So, that targeting a specific painoint. So, that one shift is the entire reason that this one shift is the entire reason that this one shift is the entire reason that this worked in 5 days instead of never worked in 5 days instead of never worked in 5 days instead of never working at all. Now, before we get into working at all. Now, before we get into working at all. Now, before we get into the 7-day plan, I want to talk about the 7-day plan, I want to talk about the 7-day plan, I want to talk about three psychological hurdles that three psychological hurdles that three psychological hurdles that everyone goes through. I went through everyone goes through. I went through everyone goes through. I went through them. Christian went through them. them. Christian went through them. them. Christian went through them. You're probably going through them right You're probably going through them right You're probably going through them right now. And the first one is imposttor now. And the first one is imposttor now. And the first one is imposttor syndrome. Everyone will feel this at the syndrome. Everyone will feel this at the syndrome. Everyone will feel this at the beginning. And honestly, I still feel beginning. And honestly, I still feel beginning. And honestly, I still feel this sometimes right now. Thoughts like, this sometimes right now. Thoughts like, this sometimes right now. Thoughts like, "Do I even have the right to charge for "Do I even have the right to charge for "Do I even have the right to charge for this?" Or, "I don't want to feel this?" Or, "I don't want to feel this?" Or, "I don't want to feel scammy." Or, "What if I'm not ready scammy." Or, "What if I'm not ready scammy." Or, "What if I'm not ready yet?" And that feeling will never fully yet?" And that feeling will never fully yet?" And that feeling will never fully go away. But you do learn how to work go away. But you do learn how to work go away. But you do learn how to work through it. So, the key is just to not through it. So, the key is just to not through it. So, the key is just to not overpromise because that's when you run overpromise because that's when you run overpromise because that's when you run into trouble. Both Christian and I did into trouble. Both Christian and I did into trouble. Both Christian and I did the same thing early on when we were the same thing early on when we were the same thing early on when we were getting started. Literally saying, "Hey, getting started. Literally saying, "Hey, getting started. Literally saying, "Hey, I'm new to this. I'm obsessed with it. I'm new to this. I'm obsessed with it. I'm new to this. I'm obsessed with it. I've been learning a lot. I've been I've been learning a lot. I've been I've been learning a lot. I've been building a lot and I want to help you building a lot and I want to help you building a lot and I want to help you with this problem." And that type of with this problem." And that type of with this problem." And that type of honesty makes you sound like a real honesty makes you sound like a real honesty makes you sound like a real human. Like I said, especially early on human. Like I said, especially early on human. Like I said, especially early on when you're doing your first one or two when you're doing your first one or two when you're doing your first one or two clients for free or very cheap. That's clients for free or very cheap. That's clients for free or very cheap. That's not a weakness. It's low risk for them not a weakness. It's low risk for them not a weakness. It's low risk for them and it gets you experience, which is the and it gets you experience, which is the and it gets you experience, which is the only thing that should actually matter only thing that should actually matter only thing that should actually matter to you right now. Your goal should be to to you right now. Your goal should be to to you right now. Your goal should be to overd deliver. Prove to yourself, and overd deliver. Prove to yourself, and overd deliver. Prove to yourself, and also prove to the client that you can also prove to the client that you can also prove to the client that you can actually do this. And that imposter actually do this. And that imposter actually do this. And that imposter syndrome starts to fade because now you syndrome starts to fade because now you syndrome starts to fade because now you have actual experience to talk about and have actual experience to talk about and have actual experience to talk about and you have actual results that you've you have actual results that you've you have actual results that you've driven. Now the second hurdle is about driven. Now the second hurdle is about driven. Now the second hurdle is about pricing. People get stuck here way too pricing. People get stuck here way too pricing. People get stuck here way too early. They obsess over retainers and early. They obsess over retainers and early. They obsess over retainers and monthly pricing and they want to hit monthly pricing and they want to hit monthly pricing and they want to hit that 10K per month figure that that 10K per month figure that that 10K per month figure that everyone's going for. But if you're everyone's going for. But if you're everyone's going for. But if you're trying to maximize revenue before you trying to maximize revenue before you trying to maximize revenue before you even ever delivered value or got even ever delivered value or got even ever delivered value or got experience, then you're going to fail. experience, then you're going to fail. experience, then you're going to fail. So the thing that I want you guys to So the thing that I want you guys to So the thing that I want you guys to lock into your brain is that trust comes lock into your brain is that trust comes lock into your brain is that trust comes before retainers. Asking someone for a before retainers. Asking someone for a before retainers. Asking someone for a retainer right away would be like asking retainer right away would be like asking retainer right away would be like asking someone for a referral right away before someone for a referral right away before someone for a referral right away before you even have any sort of partnership. you even have any sort of partnership. you even have any sort of partnership. It's very hard to get someone on a It's very hard to get someone on a It's very hard to get someone on a monthly agreement if they've never monthly agreement if they've never monthly agreement if they've never worked with you before. So, what should worked with you before. So, what should worked with you before. So, what should matter to you first is just delivering matter to you first is just delivering matter to you first is just delivering value and earning trust and then you can value and earning trust and then you can value and earning trust and then you can win a retainer later. That's why I win a retainer later. That's why I win a retainer later. That's why I always talk about valuebased pricing. always talk about valuebased pricing. always talk about valuebased pricing. And I made a full video on this and I'll And I made a full video on this and I'll And I made a full video on this and I'll link it up there if you want to check it link it up there if you want to check it link it up there if you want to check it out. But anyways, you want to get your out. But anyways, you want to get your out. But anyways, you want to get your foot in the door, solve a real problem, foot in the door, solve a real problem, foot in the door, solve a real problem, and clearly show the value that you and clearly show the value that you and clearly show the value that you delivered. And once that trust is built, delivered. And once that trust is built, delivered. And once that trust is built, then talking about a retainer becomes then talking about a retainer becomes then talking about a retainer becomes super easy and much more natural. Like I super easy and much more natural. Like I super easy and much more natural. Like I said earlier, the same rule applies for said earlier, the same rule applies for said earlier, the same rule applies for testimonials and referrals. You can't testimonials and referrals. You can't testimonials and referrals. You can't ask for those until you've actually done ask for those until you've actually done ask for those until you've actually done something. So, don't think about a something. So, don't think about a something. So, don't think about a retainer as step one. Think of it like retainer as step one. Think of it like retainer as step one. Think of it like something that you've earned once you've something that you've earned once you've something that you've earned once you've built a relationship. And the third built a relationship. And the third built a relationship. And the third hurdle is just rejection. This one hurdle is just rejection. This one hurdle is just rejection. This one scares people more than it should. When scares people more than it should. When scares people more than it should. When you're new, you are going to get you're new, you are going to get you're new, you are going to get ignored. People will say no. Some won't ignored. People will say no. Some won't ignored. People will say no. Some won't respond at all. That's completely respond at all. That's completely respond at all. That's completely normal. The important part is what you normal. The important part is what you normal. The important part is what you actually do with that rejection. Every actually do with that rejection. Every actually do with that rejection. Every rejection is feedback. It's more data rejection is feedback. It's more data rejection is feedback. It's more data for you to learn from and win from for you to learn from and win from for you to learn from and win from because the reality is everyone gets because the reality is everyone gets because the reality is everyone gets rejected. So the difference between rejected. So the difference between rejected. So the difference between winners and losers is that the winners winners and losers is that the winners winners and losers is that the winners pay attention to why they were rejected pay attention to why they were rejected pay attention to why they were rejected and they actually fix something. They and they actually fix something. They and they actually fix something. They change something about it. And losers change something about it. And losers change something about it. And losers just get rejected over and over and they just get rejected over and over and they just get rejected over and over and they don't change anything. So if someone don't change anything. So if someone don't change anything. So if someone ignores you, ask why. Was my message ignores you, ask why. Was my message ignores you, ask why. Was my message unclear? Was it too long? Was it vague? unclear? Was it too long? Was it vague? unclear? Was it too long? Was it vague? Did they even have a reason to want to Did they even have a reason to want to Did they even have a reason to want to care to respond to me? And then you fix care to respond to me? And then you fix care to respond to me? And then you fix that. And then your next attempt gets that. And then your next attempt gets that. And then your next attempt gets better. Okay, so those are the three better. Okay, so those are the three better. Okay, so those are the three hurdles. Now, let's talk about actually hurdles. Now, let's talk about actually hurdles. Now, let's talk about actually breaking down the 7-day framework and breaking down the 7-day framework and breaking down the 7-day framework and connecting it back to what Christian did connecting it back to what Christian did connecting it back to what Christian did because this is where people tend to because this is where people tend to because this is where people tend to over complicate things. So, the first over complicate things. So, the first over complicate things. So, the first thing I want to make very clear is this. thing I want to make very clear is this. thing I want to make very clear is this. Christian did not start by picking some Christian did not start by picking some Christian did not start by picking some super ultra specific niche and having super ultra specific niche and having super ultra specific niche and having every problem figured out and then every problem figured out and then every problem figured out and then blasting out cold emails. He started blasting out cold emails. He started blasting out cold emails. He started warm and that matters way more than warm and that matters way more than warm and that matters way more than people think. warm outreach, referrals, people think. warm outreach, referrals, people think. warm outreach, referrals, and known contacts are just and known contacts are just and known contacts are just statistically shown to convert way statistically shown to convert way statistically shown to convert way better than cold outreach, because better than cold outreach, because better than cold outreach, because there's already trust there, even if there's already trust there, even if there's already trust there, even if you're borrowing trust from a friend of you're borrowing trust from a friend of you're borrowing trust from a friend of a friend. That's why it works so much a friend. That's why it works so much a friend. That's why it works so much faster, and it feels way less awkward, faster, and it feels way less awkward, faster, and it feels way less awkward, especially as a beginner. So, big especially as a beginner. So, big especially as a beginner. So, big picture, the flow looks like this. You picture, the flow looks like this. You picture, the flow looks like this. You start warm, you stay fairly broad, you start warm, you stay fairly broad, you start warm, you stay fairly broad, you talk to people, you notice patterns, and talk to people, you notice patterns, and talk to people, you notice patterns, and then you niche down later. Cold outreach then you niche down later. Cold outreach then you niche down later. Cold outreach comes last when you're ready to scale, comes last when you're ready to scale, comes last when you're ready to scale, not first when you want to get your not first when you want to get your not first when you want to get your first client. So day one is all about first client. So day one is all about first client. So day one is all about setting a loose direction. Not locking setting a loose direction. Not locking setting a loose direction. Not locking yourself into one super hypersp specific yourself into one super hypersp specific yourself into one super hypersp specific niche, but just think of it as like a niche, but just think of it as like a niche, but just think of it as like a working hypothesis, not a lifelong working hypothesis, not a lifelong working hypothesis, not a lifelong decision. So instead of saying, "I'm the decision. So instead of saying, "I'm the decision. So instead of saying, "I'm the AI automation guy for dental clinics in AI automation guy for dental clinics in AI automation guy for dental clinics in Georgia, losing time with onboarding," Georgia, losing time with onboarding," Georgia, losing time with onboarding," you're just going to say something much you're just going to say something much you're just going to say something much simpler like, "I help small businesses simpler like, "I help small businesses simpler like, "I help small businesses automate boring, repetitive tasks with automate boring, repetitive tasks with automate boring, repetitive tasks with AI." That's enough to get conversations AI." That's enough to get conversations AI." That's enough to get conversations started. At this stage, you should also started. At this stage, you should also started. At this stage, you should also have a short menu of example problems in have a short menu of example problems in have a short menu of example problems in your head, example use cases in your your head, example use cases in your your head, example use cases in your head, so that you're not just speaking head, so that you're not just speaking head, so that you're not just speaking in theory. So things like, you know, I in theory. So things like, you know, I in theory. So things like, you know, I know how to automate lead follow-up or know how to automate lead follow-up or know how to automate lead follow-up or intake forms or data syncing between intake forms or data syncing between intake forms or data syncing between CRM. And like I said, you're not CRM. And like I said, you're not CRM. And like I said, you're not committing to any of these yet, but committing to any of these yet, but committing to any of these yet, but you're just testing to see what you're just testing to see what you're just testing to see what resonates. On day one, you also want to resonates. On day one, you also want to resonates. On day one, you also want to build what I would call a trust map. So build what I would call a trust map. So build what I would call a trust map. So open up a simple Google sheet and list open up a simple Google sheet and list open up a simple Google sheet and list out people where trust already exists. out people where trust already exists. out people where trust already exists. Your goal for day one would be to write Your goal for day one would be to write Your goal for day one would be to write down 20 people that you can reach out down 20 people that you can reach out down 20 people that you can reach out to. Friends or family who run to. Friends or family who run to. Friends or family who run businesses, past co-workers, managers, businesses, past co-workers, managers, businesses, past co-workers, managers, clients, people who you know from clients, people who you know from clients, people who you know from communities, Slack groups, Discords, or communities, Slack groups, Discords, or communities, Slack groups, Discords, or online spaces, and the second degree online spaces, and the second degree online spaces, and the second degree connections. So, friends of friends, for connections. So, friends of friends, for connections. So, friends of friends, for each of these people, just note what each of these people, just note what each of these people, just note what kind of business they're in or what kind kind of business they're in or what kind kind of business they're in or what kind of industry they're in, how well you of industry they're in, how well you of industry they're in, how well you know them, whether they could be a know them, whether they could be a know them, whether they could be a potential client or an intro to one, or potential client or an intro to one, or potential client or an intro to one, or just someone who can give you some just someone who can give you some just someone who can give you some insight. And when you actually start to insight. And when you actually start to insight. And when you actually start to write this stuff down and think through, write this stuff down and think through, write this stuff down and think through, you know, your list of contacts, it you know, your list of contacts, it you know, your list of contacts, it makes everything feel a lot less random makes everything feel a lot less random makes everything feel a lot less random and a lot less overwhelming. Now, days and a lot less overwhelming. Now, days and a lot less overwhelming. Now, days two and three are about having 5 to 10 two and three are about having 5 to 10 two and three are about having 5 to 10 warm, low pressure conversations. These warm, low pressure conversations. These warm, low pressure conversations. These are not sales calls. You're not are not sales calls. You're not are not sales calls. You're not pitching. You genuinely just need to pitching. You genuinely just need to pitching. You genuinely just need to understand where repetitive work eats understand where repetitive work eats understand where repetitive work eats time in their business or in their daily time in their business or in their daily time in their business or in their daily workflow. So, when you're reaching out workflow. So, when you're reaching out workflow. So, when you're reaching out to them, you should just sound like a to them, you should just sound like a to them, you should just sound like a curious entrepreneur, not a salesperson. curious entrepreneur, not a salesperson. curious entrepreneur, not a salesperson. So, something as simple as saying, "Hey, So, something as simple as saying, "Hey, So, something as simple as saying, "Hey, I'm trying to start a business where I I'm trying to start a business where I I'm trying to start a business where I help other businesses automate help other businesses automate help other businesses automate repetitive work with AI. I'm not trying repetitive work with AI. I'm not trying repetitive work with AI. I'm not trying to sell you anything. Could I just ask to sell you anything. Could I just ask to sell you anything. Could I just ask you a few questions about where things you a few questions about where things you a few questions about where things feel manual or annoying in your feel manual or annoying in your feel manual or annoying in your day-to-day?" And once you start having day-to-day?" And once you start having day-to-day?" And once you start having these conversations, write down all the these conversations, write down all the these conversations, write down all the key insights from that call because key insights from that call because key insights from that call because you're going to need to look at these you're going to need to look at these you're going to need to look at these later. And if you truly cannot think of later. And if you truly cannot think of later. And if you truly cannot think of anyone in your network who might own a anyone in your network who might own a anyone in your network who might own a business or be an executive at a business or be an executive at a business or be an executive at a business or in a position to buy or business or in a position to buy or business or in a position to buy or anything like that, then you still don't anything like that, then you still don't anything like that, then you still don't have to jump straight to cold outreach. have to jump straight to cold outreach. have to jump straight to cold outreach. you just reach out and ask something you just reach out and ask something you just reach out and ask something like, "Is there anyone you know who this like, "Is there anyone you know who this like, "Is there anyone you know who this might be helpful for?" or "Is there might be helpful for?" or "Is there might be helpful for?" or "Is there anyone you know who this might benefit?" anyone you know who this might benefit?" anyone you know who this might benefit?" And so that little like wording shift is And so that little like wording shift is And so that little like wording shift is huge because no one really wants to sell huge because no one really wants to sell huge because no one really wants to sell to their friends and you're not selling to their friends and you're not selling to their friends and you're not selling to your friends. You're just asking if to your friends. You're just asking if to your friends. You're just asking if they know anyone who might benefit from, they know anyone who might benefit from, they know anyone who might benefit from, you know, the kind of stuff that you're you know, the kind of stuff that you're you know, the kind of stuff that you're talking about. It feels way more talking about. It feels way more talking about. It feels way more natural, less uncomfortable, and it natural, less uncomfortable, and it natural, less uncomfortable, and it still lets you kind of borrow some still lets you kind of borrow some still lets you kind of borrow some trust. You also could jump on a site trust. You also could jump on a site trust. You also could jump on a site like Upwork, but once again, that's like Upwork, but once again, that's like Upwork, but once again, that's pretty much going to be similar to cold pretty much going to be similar to cold pretty much going to be similar to cold outreach because you haven't yet built outreach because you haven't yet built outreach because you haven't yet built trust with those leads and you're just a trust with those leads and you're just a trust with those leads and you're just a name and a profile picture. So, after name and a profile picture. So, after name and a profile picture. So, after you've had those conversations, day four you've had those conversations, day four you've had those conversations, day four and five are where you turn those and five are where you turn those and five are where you turn those conversations into a tiny pilot. So, conversations into a tiny pilot. So, conversations into a tiny pilot. So, look back at your notes, pick the person look back at your notes, pick the person look back at your notes, pick the person with the clearest, most painful, with the clearest, most painful, with the clearest, most painful, repetitive task. You're looking for the repetitive task. You're looking for the repetitive task. You're looking for the clearest pain point here. And then you clearest pain point here. And then you clearest pain point here. And then you propose something very small and very propose something very small and very propose something very small and very low risk for that prospect, which is low risk for that prospect, which is low risk for that prospect, which is typically a free workflow. You build it. typically a free workflow. You build it. typically a free workflow. You build it. You measure one simple outcome. And then You measure one simple outcome. And then You measure one simple outcome. And then you decide together if it's worth you decide together if it's worth you decide together if it's worth expanding. So, you can reach back out to expanding. So, you can reach back out to expanding. So, you can reach back out to them after that initial conversation and them after that initial conversation and them after that initial conversation and say something like, "Hey, I'd love to say something like, "Hey, I'd love to say something like, "Hey, I'd love to build you a small automation that build you a small automation that build you a small automation that tackles X painoint as a free pilot. My tackles X painoint as a free pilot. My tackles X painoint as a free pilot. My goal here is just to prove that these goal here is just to prove that these goal here is just to prove that these workflows actually can save you time. workflows actually can save you time. workflows actually can save you time. And in return, I'd just ask for some And in return, I'd just ask for some And in return, I'd just ask for some honest feedback because that's going to honest feedback because that's going to honest feedback because that's going to help me learn and grow. Now, days five help me learn and grow. Now, days five help me learn and grow. Now, days five and six are about actually building that and six are about actually building that and six are about actually building that tiny MVP. So, this doesn't have to be tiny MVP. So, this doesn't have to be tiny MVP. So, this doesn't have to be complex. In fact, the simpler the complex. In fact, the simpler the complex. In fact, the simpler the better. Your goal isn't to impress them better. Your goal isn't to impress them better. Your goal isn't to impress them with all of these API calls and all this with all of these API calls and all this with all of these API calls and all this advanced tech. Your goal is just to show advanced tech. Your goal is just to show advanced tech. Your goal is just to show them I saved you time. I saved you, you them I saved you time. I saved you, you them I saved you time. I saved you, you know, confusion here. And while you do know, confusion here. And while you do know, confusion here. And while you do this, just pay attention to the language this, just pay attention to the language this, just pay attention to the language they use, how they describe the problem, they use, how they describe the problem, they use, how they describe the problem, how they describe that win. The language how they describe that win. The language how they describe that win. The language is gold later. Okay. Now, day seven is is gold later. Okay. Now, day seven is is gold later. Okay. Now, day seven is where you see if your hard work paid where you see if your hard work paid where you see if your hard work paid off. The goal of this day is super off. The goal of this day is super off. The goal of this day is super simple. You're not trying to hard close simple. You're not trying to hard close simple. You're not trying to hard close anyone. You're just trying to figure out anyone. You're just trying to figure out anyone. You're just trying to figure out with the potential client what the next with the potential client what the next with the potential client what the next logical step is based on how the pilot logical step is based on how the pilot logical step is based on how the pilot went. So, the first priority would be to went. So, the first priority would be to went. So, the first priority would be to see if you can keep helping that same see if you can keep helping that same see if you can keep helping that same client, either by maintaining what client, either by maintaining what client, either by maintaining what you've built, or by expanding on it you've built, or by expanding on it you've built, or by expanding on it functionality-wise. So, you can lay out functionality-wise. So, you can lay out functionality-wise. So, you can lay out clear, low pressure options. You explain clear, low pressure options. You explain clear, low pressure options. You explain that there are a couple ways that you that there are a couple ways that you that there are a couple ways that you could keep helping. The first option is could keep helping. The first option is could keep helping. The first option is maintenance. This is you sticking around maintenance. This is you sticking around maintenance. This is you sticking around to make sure that the automation keeps to make sure that the automation keeps to make sure that the automation keeps working, handling fixes if something working, handling fixes if something working, handling fixes if something breaks, and making small tweaks as their breaks, and making small tweaks as their breaks, and making small tweaks as their tools or processes change. And the other tools or processes change. And the other tools or processes change. And the other option is expansion. So, this is where option is expansion. So, this is where option is expansion. So, this is where you build on top of what's already you build on top of what's already you build on top of what's already working. Usually, by adding one or two working. Usually, by adding one or two working. Usually, by adding one or two concrete features that you notice during concrete features that you notice during concrete features that you notice during the build that would make the outcome the build that would make the outcome the build that would make the outcome even stronger. The key here though is even stronger. The key here though is even stronger. The key here though is just to communicate these two actual just to communicate these two actual just to communicate these two actual offers very, very simply. So, a offers very, very simply. So, a offers very, very simply. So, a maintenance offer could be like, hey, maintenance offer could be like, hey, maintenance offer could be like, hey, I'll maintain this for the next few I'll maintain this for the next few I'll maintain this for the next few months, so if anything breaks or if you months, so if anything breaks or if you months, so if anything breaks or if you want small changes, I can handle it. And want small changes, I can handle it. And want small changes, I can handle it. And an expansion offer might be, hey, we an expansion offer might be, hey, we an expansion offer might be, hey, we could turn this into a slightly bigger could turn this into a slightly bigger could turn this into a slightly bigger system by adding this and this so that system by adding this and this so that system by adding this and this so that the result is x more reliable. And then the result is x more reliable. And then the result is x more reliable. And then you can ask if they want to scope out you can ask if they want to scope out you can ask if they want to scope out that and then you can send over a basic that and then you can send over a basic that and then you can send over a basic proposal, nothing fancy. During this proposal, nothing fancy. During this proposal, nothing fancy. During this conversation, you could also naturally conversation, you could also naturally conversation, you could also naturally surface more work by asking thoughtful surface more work by asking thoughtful surface more work by asking thoughtful questions. For example, you could say questions. For example, you could say questions. For example, you could say something like, "Hey, while while I was something like, "Hey, while while I was something like, "Hey, while while I was building out this workflow, I noticed building out this workflow, I noticed building out this workflow, I noticed this other process that's related. Would this other process that's related. Would this other process that's related. Would have helped if that was automated, too. have helped if that was automated, too. have helped if that was automated, too. Or now that you've seen what this Or now that you've seen what this Or now that you've seen what this workflow can do, what's the next thing workflow can do, what's the next thing workflow can do, what's the next thing that you would like to get off your that you would like to get off your that you would like to get off your plate?" These types of questions show plate?" These types of questions show plate?" These types of questions show that you are a partner and that you're that you are a partner and that you're that you are a partner and that you're keeping things collaborative rather than keeping things collaborative rather than keeping things collaborative rather than being salesy. And then, if they're happy being salesy. And then, if they're happy being salesy. And then, if they're happy with the pilot, but they don't with the pilot, but they don't with the pilot, but they don't necessarily want to continue working necessarily want to continue working necessarily want to continue working with you right now, that's completely with you right now, that's completely with you right now, that's completely fine. At that point, your goal is to fine. At that point, your goal is to fine. At that point, your goal is to just lock in some proof, not push more just lock in some proof, not push more just lock in some proof, not push more work on them. So, you can ask if they'd work on them. So, you can ask if they'd work on them. So, you can ask if they'd be open to a short video testimonial be open to a short video testimonial be open to a short video testimonial explaining how the workflow helped. Only explaining how the workflow helped. Only explaining how the workflow helped. Only after that, and only if it feels after that, and only if it feels after that, and only if it feels natural, you can then mention if they natural, you can then mention if they natural, you can then mention if they ever think of someone that might also ever think of someone that might also ever think of someone that might also benefit from AI workflows like this, benefit from AI workflows like this, benefit from AI workflows like this, then an intro would be super then an intro would be super then an intro would be super appreciated. But, of course, if the appreciated. But, of course, if the appreciated. But, of course, if the pilot did not go well, you don't try to pilot did not go well, you don't try to pilot did not go well, you don't try to sell anything. You don't ask for a sell anything. You don't ask for a sell anything. You don't ask for a testimonial. You just take that testimonial. You just take that testimonial. You just take that feedback, you learn from it, and you feedback, you learn from it, and you feedback, you learn from it, and you improve next time, and you start the improve next time, and you start the improve next time, and you start the process again of warm conversations and process again of warm conversations and process again of warm conversations and offering a free pilot because of course offering a free pilot because of course offering a free pilot because of course ultimately what you're optimizing for ultimately what you're optimizing for ultimately what you're optimizing for right now is experience, proof, not right now is experience, proof, not right now is experience, proof, not money. So, that's day seven. The entire money. So, that's day seven. The entire money. So, that's day seven. The entire focus is on deepening the relationship focus is on deepening the relationship focus is on deepening the relationship first. Maintenance or expansion comes first. Maintenance or expansion comes first. Maintenance or expansion comes before testimonials. Testimonials come before testimonials. Testimonials come before testimonials. Testimonials come before referrals. And if it doesn't before referrals. And if it doesn't before referrals. And if it doesn't work, you learn and you move on without work, you learn and you move on without work, you learn and you move on without forcing anything. Now, here's the most forcing anything. Now, here's the most forcing anything. Now, here's the most important part. This 7-day cycle is not important part. This 7-day cycle is not important part. This 7-day cycle is not a onetime thing. [music] It's a loop a onetime thing. [music] It's a loop a onetime thing. [music] It's a loop that you're going to have to run through that you're going to have to run through that you're going to have to run through multiple times. But each loop gives you multiple times. But each loop gives you multiple times. But each loop gives you more data, more confidence, better more data, more confidence, better more data, more confidence, better language, clearer positioning, and only language, clearer positioning, and only language, clearer positioning, and only after you've done a few cycles of this after you've done a few cycles of this after you've done a few cycles of this does it make sense to then build lead does it make sense to then build lead does it make sense to then build lead lists and apply the same framework to lists and apply the same framework to lists and apply the same framework to colder outreach because you actually colder outreach because you actually colder outreach because you actually have some proof behind your name now. So have some proof behind your name now. So have some proof behind your name now. So then when you do it, it's no longer just then when you do it, it's no longer just then when you do it, it's no longer just feeling like guessing and feeling random feeling like guessing and feeling random feeling like guessing and feeling random and overwhelming because you have a and overwhelming because you have a and overwhelming because you have a system that works. And that's the exact system that works. And that's the exact system that works. And that's the exact path that Christian followed. Start path that Christian followed. Start path that Christian followed. Start warm, lead with outcomes, earn trust, warm, lead with outcomes, earn trust, warm, lead with outcomes, earn trust, deliver value, and then just repeat. And deliver value, and then just repeat. And deliver value, and then just repeat. And if you do this two or three times, you if you do this two or three times, you if you do this two or three times, you were no longer a beginner guessing in were no longer a beginner guessing in were no longer a beginner guessing in the dark. You can see that Christian the dark. You can see that Christian the dark. You can see that Christian actually got his second client basically actually got his second client basically actually got his second client basically just by posting his win in the community just by posting his win in the community just by posting his win in the community and then someone reached out because and then someone reached out because and then someone reached out because they needed a developer that could work they needed a developer that could work they needed a developer that could work with clients. So I know that we covered with clients. So I know that we covered with clients. So I know that we covered a lot of information in today's video. a lot of information in today's video. a lot of information in today's video. So what I did is I threw all of this So what I did is I threw all of this So what I did is I threw all of this into a practical resource guide that you into a practical resource guide that you into a practical resource guide that you can access for completely free in my can access for completely free in my can access for completely free in my free school community. The link for that free school community. The link for that free school community. The link for that is down in the description. Now, if you is down in the description. Now, if you is down in the description. Now, if you did find this video valuable, signing did find this video valuable, signing did find this video valuable, signing your first client is only one part of your first client is only one part of your first client is only one part of making money with AI. There's actually making money with AI. There's actually making money with AI. There's actually several components involved, and I cover several components involved, and I cover several components involved, and I cover all of them in detail in this video. So, all of them in detail in this video. So, all of them in detail in this video. So, if you want to make money with AI in if you want to make money with AI in if you want to make money with AI in 2026 and click there to check it out. 2026 and click there to check it out. 2026 and click there to check it out. Otherwise, if you enjoyed the video or Otherwise, if you enjoyed the video or Otherwise, if you enjoyed the video or you learned something new, then please you learned something new, then please you learned something new, then please give it a like. It definitely helps me give it a like. It definitely helps me give it a like. It definitely helps me out a ton. And as always, I appreciate out a ton. And as always, I appreciate out a ton. And as always, I appreciate you guys making it to the end of the you guys making it to the end of the you guys making it to the end of the video. I'll see you on the next one. video. I'll see you on the next one. video. I'll see you on the next one. Thanks, everyone. Everyone's been asking how to actually Everyone's been asking how to actually Everyone's been asking how to actually price AI workflows. What's too cheap? price AI workflows. What's too cheap? price AI workflows. What's too cheap? What's too expensive? and how do you What's too expensive? and how do you What's too expensive? and how do you charge enough without losing clients? charge enough without losing clients? charge enough without losing clients? So, in this video, I'll break down So, in this video, I'll break down So, in this video, I'll break down exactly how to price your workflows step exactly how to price your workflows step exactly how to price your workflows step by step. And at the end of the video, by step. And at the end of the video, by step. And at the end of the video, I'll give you guys a practical breakdown I'll give you guys a practical breakdown I'll give you guys a practical breakdown of a real example of how I priced one of of a real example of how I priced one of of a real example of how I priced one of my workflows. So, let's get [music] into my workflows. So, let's get [music] into my workflows. So, let's get [music] into it. Before we get into numbers or it. Before we get into numbers or it. Before we get into numbers or frameworks, you need the right mindset frameworks, you need the right mindset frameworks, you need the right mindset around pricing. Most beginners price around pricing. Most beginners price around pricing. Most beginners price their workflows based on the time it their workflows based on the time it their workflows based on the time it takes or the amount of effort that they takes or the amount of effort that they takes or the amount of effort that they put in. But businesses don't pay for put in. But businesses don't pay for put in. But businesses don't pay for your time. They pay for outcomes. When your time. They pay for outcomes. When your time. They pay for outcomes. When you build an AI workflow, automation you build an AI workflow, automation you build an AI workflow, automation system, infrastructure, whatever you system, infrastructure, whatever you system, infrastructure, whatever you want to call it, you're usually doing at want to call it, you're usually doing at want to call it, you're usually doing at least one of three things for a least one of three things for a least one of three things for a business. saving them money, saving them business. saving them money, saving them business. saving them money, saving them time, or reducing human error. That's time, or reducing human error. That's time, or reducing human error. That's where the real value is, and that's what where the real value is, and that's what where the real value is, and that's what your price needs to be tied to. This is your price needs to be tied to. This is your price needs to be tied to. This is called valuebased pricing. You're not called valuebased pricing. You're not called valuebased pricing. You're not charging for the inputs. You're charging charging for the inputs. You're charging charging for the inputs. You're charging for the return on their investment. And for the return on their investment. And for the return on their investment. And when you start thinking this way, when you start thinking this way, when you start thinking this way, everything changes. Instead of asking everything changes. Instead of asking everything changes. Instead of asking yourself, how long will this build take yourself, how long will this build take yourself, how long will this build take me? You start asking, "How much time or me? You start asking, "How much time or me? You start asking, "How much time or money will this save the business every money will this save the business every money will this save the business every week? How much more can they generate week? How much more can they generate week? How much more can they generate because of this system?" Now, I know it because of this system?" Now, I know it because of this system?" Now, I know it can feel awkward when you're new. can feel awkward when you're new. can feel awkward when you're new. There's always that weird dance of like, There's always that weird dance of like, There's always that weird dance of like, who's going to throw out a number first? who's going to throw out a number first? who's going to throw out a number first? And realistically, a lot of clients And realistically, a lot of clients And realistically, a lot of clients right now genuinely have no idea what right now genuinely have no idea what right now genuinely have no idea what this kind of stuff should cost. But this kind of stuff should cost. But this kind of stuff should cost. But here's the part that you need to nail. here's the part that you need to nail. here's the part that you need to nail. Whatever number that you say, you should Whatever number that you say, you should Whatever number that you say, you should be able to show them exactly how you got be able to show them exactly how you got be able to show them exactly how you got there. You should almost assume that there. You should almost assume that there. You should almost assume that after you tell them your price that after you tell them your price that after you tell them your price that they're going to say, "Can you tell me they're going to say, "Can you tell me they're going to say, "Can you tell me exactly how you got to that number, you exactly how you got to that number, you exactly how you got to that number, you need to be able to confidently walk them need to be able to confidently walk them need to be able to confidently walk them through that math." Because when you can through that math." Because when you can through that math." Because when you can explain the ROI, not only do you build explain the ROI, not only do you build explain the ROI, not only do you build trust, but you come across as a trust, but you come across as a trust, but you come across as a long-term AI thought partner, which is long-term AI thought partner, which is long-term AI thought partner, which is what businesses desperately need right what businesses desperately need right what businesses desperately need right now. And when you explain that clearly now. And when you explain that clearly now. And when you explain that clearly and you anchor that price on real and you anchor that price on real and you anchor that price on real metrics, suddenly the price doesn't feel metrics, suddenly the price doesn't feel metrics, suddenly the price doesn't feel like an expense anymore. It feels like like an expense anymore. It feels like like an expense anymore. It feels like an investment that will pay for itself an investment that will pay for itself an investment that will pay for itself because it will. So once you've got that because it will. So once you've got that because it will. So once you've got that mindset locked in, the next step is mindset locked in, the next step is mindset locked in, the next step is learning the actual pricing models that learning the actual pricing models that learning the actual pricing models that you can use. So before we dive deeper, I you can use. So before we dive deeper, I you can use. So before we dive deeper, I want to be clear about something. I've want to be clear about something. I've want to be clear about something. I've tried almost every pricing model that tried almost every pricing model that tried almost every pricing model that you can think of. I've charged a fixed you can think of. I've charged a fixed you can think of. I've charged a fixed fee and delivered a JSON file. I've fee and delivered a JSON file. I've fee and delivered a JSON file. I've built hourly. I've sold bundles of built hourly. I've sold bundles of built hourly. I've sold bundles of hours. I've done monthly retainers with hours. I've done monthly retainers with hours. I've done monthly retainers with no set scope. I've done retainers with no set scope. I've done retainers with no set scope. I've done retainers with strict scopes. I've literally strict scopes. I've literally strict scopes. I've literally experimented with tons of different experimented with tons of different experimented with tons of different models. And the reason I'm telling you models. And the reason I'm telling you models. And the reason I'm telling you this is because I don't believe that this is because I don't believe that this is because I don't believe that there's currently an industry standard there's currently an industry standard there's currently an industry standard way to price AI automation and way to price AI automation and way to price AI automation and implementation services yet. Nobody has implementation services yet. Nobody has implementation services yet. Nobody has agreed on the right way to price agreed on the right way to price agreed on the right way to price workflows. Everyone's still trying to workflows. Everyone's still trying to workflows. Everyone's still trying to figure it out. But after trying all of figure it out. But after trying all of figure it out. But after trying all of these different models, there are these different models, there are these different models, there are definitely two that I think work the definitely two that I think work the definitely two that I think work the best and they work together. So let me best and they work together. So let me best and they work together. So let me explain what I mean by that. They're explain what I mean by that. They're explain what I mean by that. They're simple, they build trust, and they're simple, they build trust, and they're simple, they build trust, and they're the easiest to scale. So the first model the easiest to scale. So the first model the easiest to scale. So the first model is valuebased pricing. If I were is valuebased pricing. If I were is valuebased pricing. If I were starting from scratch today, this is the starting from scratch today, this is the starting from scratch today, this is the model that I would start with. model that I would start with. model that I would start with. Valuebased pricing is where you charge Valuebased pricing is where you charge Valuebased pricing is where you charge based on the business impact like we based on the business impact like we based on the business impact like we talked about, not the hours that you talked about, not the hours that you talked about, not the hours that you spend building. Anchoring your price spend building. Anchoring your price spend building. Anchoring your price around time save, money save, or around time save, money save, or around time save, money save, or efficiency gain. This is the easiest way efficiency gain. This is the easiest way efficiency gain. This is the easiest way to get your foot in the door with a new to get your foot in the door with a new to get your foot in the door with a new client because the math is simple and it client because the math is simple and it client because the math is simple and it builds trust. What's interesting about builds trust. What's interesting about builds trust. What's interesting about valuebased pricing is that you can build valuebased pricing is that you can build valuebased pricing is that you can build the exact same system for two different the exact same system for two different the exact same system for two different businesses and you can charge them businesses and you can charge them businesses and you can charge them completely different prices because completely different prices because completely different prices because value is not universal. If you tried to value is not universal. If you tried to value is not universal. If you tried to sell me a bottle of water right after sell me a bottle of water right after sell me a bottle of water right after I've run 5 miles in the desert, I would I've run 5 miles in the desert, I would I've run 5 miles in the desert, I would pay you a lot more than someone who's pay you a lot more than someone who's pay you a lot more than someone who's been sitting inside air conditioned been sitting inside air conditioned been sitting inside air conditioned office all day. It's the same product, office all day. It's the same product, office all day. It's the same product, but it's different value. And that's but it's different value. And that's but it's different value. And that's kind of the idea behind this value based kind of the idea behind this value based kind of the idea behind this value based pricing. So, you price based on what the pricing. So, you price based on what the pricing. So, you price based on what the solution is worth to that business. Now, solution is worth to that business. Now, solution is worth to that business. Now, once you deliver one or two projects, once you deliver one or two projects, once you deliver one or two projects, you build some trust, and you show that you build some trust, and you show that you build some trust, and you show that your systems work. This is where you your systems work. This is where you your systems work. This is where you start moving into longerterm start moving into longerterm start moving into longerterm engagements, which is the next model, engagements, which is the next model, engagements, which is the next model, monthly retainers. A monthly retainer is monthly retainers. A monthly retainer is monthly retainers. A monthly retainer is when a client pays you a predictable when a client pays you a predictable when a client pays you a predictable monthly fee in exchange for ongoing monthly fee in exchange for ongoing monthly fee in exchange for ongoing access to your expertise [music] and a access to your expertise [music] and a access to your expertise [music] and a defined level of service. In the defined level of service. In the defined level of service. In the consulting world, these can range consulting world, these can range consulting world, these can range anywhere from 1,500 to 15,000 or more anywhere from 1,500 to 15,000 or more anywhere from 1,500 to 15,000 or more per month. And it's usually within a 3, per month. And it's usually within a 3, per month. And it's usually within a 3, 6, or 12 month term. And here's why 6, or 12 month term. And here's why 6, or 12 month term. And here's why retainers matter. Clients get retainers matter. Clients get retainers matter. Clients get predictable costs and priority access predictable costs and priority access predictable costs and priority access [music] and consistent improvement. You [music] and consistent improvement. You [music] and consistent improvement. You get stable income and a long-term get stable income and a long-term get stable income and a long-term partnership instead of chasing one-off partnership instead of chasing one-off partnership instead of chasing one-off builds. And honestly, you'd much rather builds. And honestly, you'd much rather builds. And honestly, you'd much rather work with one $15,000 per month client work with one $15,000 per month client work with one $15,000 per month client than five $3,000 per month clients. Even than five $3,000 per month clients. Even than five $3,000 per month clients. Even though the total revenue is the same, though the total revenue is the same, though the total revenue is the same, you'll have less chaos, less stress, and you'll have less chaos, less stress, and you'll have less chaos, less stress, and you get to build a real relationship. you get to build a real relationship. you get to build a real relationship. You get to put all of your time and You get to put all of your time and You get to put all of your time and energy towards that one business. You energy towards that one business. You energy towards that one business. You get to overd deliver, drive real get to overd deliver, drive real get to overd deliver, drive real results, which is going to increase the results, which is going to increase the results, which is going to increase the chances that you're able to win more chances that you're able to win more chances that you're able to win more business in that organization. So, that business in that organization. So, that business in that organization. So, that will lead to higher CLV or LTV, customer will lead to higher CLV or LTV, customer will lead to higher CLV or LTV, customer lifetime value, and potentially more lifetime value, and potentially more lifetime value, and potentially more referrals, which is more business that referrals, which is more business that referrals, which is more business that is also warm and there's more trust, is also warm and there's more trust, is also warm and there's more trust, [music] and they're easier to close. [music] and they're easier to close. [music] and they're easier to close. Now, retainers do come in different Now, retainers do come in different Now, retainers do come in different based on deliverables, or hybrid. based on deliverables, or hybrid. based on deliverables, or hybrid. [music] Personally, I would recommend [music] Personally, I would recommend [music] Personally, I would recommend sort of a milestone-based retainer. sort of a milestone-based retainer. sort of a milestone-based retainer. Hours make you look like a freelancer. Hours make you look like a freelancer. Hours make you look like a freelancer. Milestones position you as a consultant, Milestones position you as a consultant, Milestones position you as a consultant, an AI partner. But a big question I get an AI partner. But a big question I get an AI partner. But a big question I get when I kind of talk about this is, how when I kind of talk about this is, how when I kind of talk about this is, how do [music] I keep using valuebased do [music] I keep using valuebased do [music] I keep using valuebased pricing inside a retainer? At this pricing inside a retainer? At this pricing inside a retainer? At this stage, your goal kind of shifts because stage, your goal kind of shifts because stage, your goal kind of shifts because you're not trying to squeeze maximum you're not trying to squeeze maximum you're not trying to squeeze maximum value and money out of each individual value and money out of each individual value and money out of each individual [music] project. Your priority becomes [music] project. Your priority becomes [music] project. Your priority becomes building trust, stacking wins, and building trust, stacking wins, and building trust, stacking wins, and increasing the retainer over time as increasing the retainer over time as increasing the retainer over time as your impact [music] scales, almost like your impact [music] scales, almost like your impact [music] scales, almost like you're trying to work your way into sort you're trying to work your way into sort you're trying to work your way into sort of a chief AI officer type of role. of a chief AI officer type of role. of a chief AI officer type of role. Plus, as these systems get complex, it's Plus, as these systems get complex, it's Plus, as these systems get complex, it's harder to deliver, test, and refine harder to deliver, test, and refine harder to deliver, test, and refine everything in a single month. In fact, everything in a single month. In fact, everything in a single month. In fact, that's actually just [music] really that's actually just [music] really that's actually just [music] really unrealistic, especially if you want the unrealistic, especially if you want the unrealistic, especially if you want the system to be fully QA before production system to be fully QA before production system to be fully QA before production and then in production, taking time to and then in production, taking time to and then in production, taking time to iterate and constantly refine. [music] iterate and constantly refine. [music] iterate and constantly refine. [music] So, what you'll probably find is that So, what you'll probably find is that So, what you'll probably find is that you're naturally going to be making more you're naturally going to be making more you're naturally going to be making more total revenue on this model anyways. And total revenue on this model anyways. And total revenue on this model anyways. And it's a lot more predictable. So, the it's a lot more predictable. So, the it's a lot more predictable. So, the less time and energy that you spend on less time and energy that you spend on less time and energy that you spend on worrying about where your next dollar is worrying about where your next dollar is worrying about where your next dollar is coming from, the more time you spend coming from, the more time you spend coming from, the more time you spend making a real impact. And that opens the making a real impact. And that opens the making a real impact. And that opens the door for higher retainers or even door for higher retainers or even door for higher retainers or even performance bonuses tied to key business performance bonuses tied to key business performance bonuses tied to key business metrics. [music] And don't forget, metrics. [music] And don't forget, metrics. [music] And don't forget, you'll also be maintaining the previous you'll also be maintaining the previous you'll also be maintaining the previous systems, updating things when new models systems, updating things when new models systems, updating things when new models come out, fixing bugs, making sure that come out, fixing bugs, making sure that come out, fixing bugs, making sure that you're, you know, staying on top of any you're, you know, staying on top of any you're, you know, staying on top of any updates, and just keeping everything updates, and just keeping everything updates, and just keeping everything aligned with the original scope. That aligned with the original scope. That aligned with the original scope. That alone justifies ongoing fees. So, the alone justifies ongoing fees. So, the alone justifies ongoing fees. So, the last thing I'll say is this. We're still last thing I'll say is this. We're still last thing I'll say is this. We're still early. Businesses need enablement, early. Businesses need enablement, early. Businesses need enablement, audits, education more than ever. They audits, education more than ever. They audits, education more than ever. They don't know what's possible, and they don't know what's possible, and they don't know what's possible, and they don't know where AI fits into their don't know where AI fits into their don't know where AI fits into their operations [music] even though they know operations [music] even though they know operations [music] even though they know they need to start using it. So, if they need to start using it. So, if they need to start using it. So, if you're already that person who's been you're already that person who's been you're already that person who's been wrapped up in their ecosystem, delivered wrapped up in their ecosystem, delivered wrapped up in their ecosystem, delivered real value for them, they'll happily real value for them, they'll happily real value for them, they'll happily trust you to guide them through that trust you to guide them through that trust you to guide them through that process, too. And if you guys want, I process, too. And if you guys want, I process, too. And if you guys want, I can make a full breakdown video on can make a full breakdown video on can make a full breakdown video on audits, enablement, and actually audits, enablement, and actually audits, enablement, and actually structuring sort of like educational structuring sort of like educational structuring sort of like educational offers. Just let me know in the comments offers. Just let me know in the comments offers. Just let me know in the comments down below. But anyways, after you've down below. But anyways, after you've down below. But anyways, after you've picked the right model, the question picked the right model, the question picked the right model, the question becomes how you actually figure out what becomes how you actually figure out what becomes how you actually figure out what exact number to charge. So, this part exact number to charge. So, this part exact number to charge. So, this part always goes back to your discovery phase always goes back to your discovery phase always goes back to your discovery phase because you can't really give a real because you can't really give a real because you can't really give a real price if you don't understand the price if you don't understand the price if you don't understand the current manual process in its entirety. current manual process in its entirety. current manual process in its entirety. That's your job during discovery. Before That's your job during discovery. Before That's your job during discovery. Before you think about pricing anything, you you think about pricing anything, you you think about pricing anything, you need to map out the process from start need to map out the process from start need to map out the process from start to finish. So that means you need to to finish. So that means you need to to finish. So that means you need to understand things like how often does understand things like how often does understand things like how often does the process happen, what triggers it, the process happen, what triggers it, the process happen, what triggers it, who the key stakeholders are, how long who the key stakeholders are, how long who the key stakeholders are, how long it takes each time, what each hour of it takes each time, what each hour of it takes each time, what each hour of that work is worth in dollars based on that work is worth in dollars based on that work is worth in dollars based on salary, number of employees involved, or salary, number of employees involved, or salary, number of employees involved, or even software costs, and other things of even software costs, and other things of even software costs, and other things of that nature. And then once you know all that nature. And then once you know all that nature. And then once you know all of that, you can start comparing the of that, you can start comparing the of that, you can start comparing the manual version to what the automated manual version to what the automated manual version to what the automated version of that system would look like. version of that system would look like. version of that system would look like. But the key here is you just can't But the key here is you just can't But the key here is you just can't overpromise results. You have to be overpromise results. You have to be overpromise results. You have to be realistic about it. So maybe you're realistic about it. So maybe you're realistic about it. So maybe you're building a system that only automates building a system that only automates building a system that only automates half of the process. And make sure half of the process. And make sure half of the process. And make sure you're factoring in that half, not you're factoring in that half, not you're factoring in that half, not automating that full process into your automating that full process into your automating that full process into your ROI. But the idea is the second the ROI. But the idea is the second the ROI. But the idea is the second the workflow goes live, the business workflow goes live, the business workflow goes live, the business instantly starts getting back time, instantly starts getting back time, instantly starts getting back time, money, and focus. And it's your job to money, and focus. And it's your job to money, and focus. And it's your job to translate that into numbers that the translate that into numbers that the translate that into numbers that the client can understand. So here's a client can understand. So here's a client can understand. So here's a simple example. Let's say the process simple example. Let's say the process simple example. Let's say the process you're automating is a customer support you're automating is a customer support you're automating is a customer support process, and it takes the rep one hour process, and it takes the rep one hour process, and it takes the rep one hour every single day. Let's say 1 hour of every single day. Let's say 1 hour of every single day. Let's say 1 hour of their time is worth $50. Over the course their time is worth $50. Over the course their time is worth $50. Over the course of a year, that's roughly $12,000 worth of a year, that's roughly $12,000 worth of a year, that's roughly $12,000 worth of time that they're spending on that of time that they're spending on that of time that they're spending on that task. So that means that the workflow task. So that means that the workflow task. So that means that the workflow you're building is saving the business you're building is saving the business you're building is saving the business $12,000 annually. And this is where $12,000 annually. And this is where $12,000 annually. And this is where valuebased pricing kicks in because as a valuebased pricing kicks in because as a valuebased pricing kicks in because as a good rule of thumb, you want the client good rule of thumb, you want the client good rule of thumb, you want the client to be able to see a 10 times return on to be able to see a 10 times return on to be able to see a 10 times return on what they invest in that first year. So what they invest in that first year. So what they invest in that first year. So if the workflow is going to save them if the workflow is going to save them if the workflow is going to save them $12,000, 10% of that would be $1,200. $12,000, 10% of that would be $1,200. $12,000, 10% of that would be $1,200. [music] And that's your starting point [music] And that's your starting point [music] And that's your starting point for pricing. You see how easy it was for for pricing. You see how easy it was for for pricing. You see how easy it was for me to explain that to you? That's me to explain that to you? That's me to explain that to you? That's exactly how you would just want to exactly how you would just want to exactly how you would just want to explain it to a client. When someone explain it to a client. When someone explain it to a client. When someone asks, "How did you come up with that asks, "How did you come up with that asks, "How did you come up with that number?" You walk them through the math number?" You walk them through the math number?" You walk them through the math step by step. It's going to build step by step. It's going to build step by step. It's going to build instant trust. And this doesn't even instant trust. And this doesn't even instant trust. And this doesn't even include opportunity cost. Because include opportunity cost. Because include opportunity cost. Because freeing up an hour of that employees freeing up an hour of that employees freeing up an hour of that employees time every single day doesn't just save time every single day doesn't just save time every single day doesn't just save the business money, it's also enabling the business money, it's also enabling the business money, it's also enabling that employee to shift their time into that employee to shift their time into that employee to shift their time into higher value work. Real revenue higher value work. Real revenue higher value work. Real revenue generating opportunities. Answering generating opportunities. Answering generating opportunities. Answering fewer repetitive customer support fewer repetitive customer support fewer repetitive customer support tickets might mean that they can support tickets might mean that they can support tickets might mean that they can support new hires, talk to high-v value new hires, talk to high-v value new hires, talk to high-v value customers, or help improve systems, customers, or help improve systems, customers, or help improve systems, things that actually push the business things that actually push the business things that actually push the business forward. That's why the ROI often forward. That's why the ROI often forward. That's why the ROI often compounds. [music] Maybe month one they compounds. [music] Maybe month one they compounds. [music] Maybe month one they save $1,000, but maybe month two it's save $1,000, but maybe month two it's save $1,000, but maybe month two it's 1,500. Month three it could be $2,000. 1,500. Month three it could be $2,000. 1,500. Month three it could be $2,000. So over a full year, it could end up So over a full year, it could end up So over a full year, it could end up being far more than just that $12,000 being far more than just that $12,000 being far more than just that $12,000 that you originally projected. And when that you originally projected. And when that you originally projected. And when the value grows, so does your pricing the value grows, so does your pricing the value grows, so does your pricing power. Now, once you do a couple of power. Now, once you do a couple of power. Now, once you do a couple of these projects and you've built some these projects and you've built some these projects and you've built some trust, that's when you can start to talk trust, that's when you can start to talk trust, that's when you can start to talk about retainers. And this is where the about retainers. And this is where the about retainers. And this is where the math does shift a little bit because now math does shift a little bit because now math does shift a little bit because now you're not pricing for one workflow. you're not pricing for one workflow. you're not pricing for one workflow. You're pricing your time, your team, if You're pricing your time, your team, if You're pricing your time, your team, if you have one, and your ongoing support. you have one, and your ongoing support. you have one, and your ongoing support. So with a retainer, you want to protect So with a retainer, you want to protect So with a retainer, you want to protect your margins. Think about what does it your margins. Think about what does it your margins. Think about what does it cost for you to operate and for you to cost for you to operate and for you to cost for you to operate and for you to deliver. What is your time worth? What deliver. What is your time worth? What deliver. What is your time worth? What does it cost if you bring on a does it cost if you bring on a does it cost if you bring on a developer? What does it cost if you developer? What does it cost if you developer? What does it cost if you maintain the systems that you've already maintain the systems that you've already maintain the systems that you've already built? Even if you're not selling hours, built? Even if you're not selling hours, built? Even if you're not selling hours, you still need to understand how much you still need to understand how much you still need to understand how much time things are taking because this time things are taking because this time things are taking because this helps you think about staffing for helps you think about staffing for helps you think about staffing for milestones. Here are the [music] milestones. Here are the [music] milestones. Here are the [music] questions I would ask myself. Is this questions I would ask myself. Is this questions I would ask myself. Is this just me working full-time inside the just me working full-time inside the just me working full-time inside the client's business? Does this require a client's business? Does this require a client's business? Does this require a part-time engineer? Does it require a part-time engineer? Does it require a part-time engineer? Does it require a full-time engineer? Does this also full-time engineer? Does this also full-time engineer? Does this also require an account manager or a project require an account manager or a project require an account manager or a project manager? Once you know those things, you manager? Once you know those things, you manager? Once you know those things, you can start to estimate what it costs you can start to estimate what it costs you can start to estimate what it costs you as a business to run every month. So, as a business to run every month. So, as a business to run every month. So, let's say you figure out that servicing let's say you figure out that servicing let's say you figure out that servicing this particular client properly would this particular client properly would this particular client properly would cost you $5,000 per month. In the cost you $5,000 per month. In the cost you $5,000 per month. In the consulting and agency world, the general consulting and agency world, the general consulting and agency world, the general target margin for this type of work is target margin for this type of work is target margin for this type of work is 50 to 70%. 50% is a good baseline to 50 to 70%. 50% is a good baseline to 50 to 70%. 50% is a good baseline to shoot for. 70% is great and it gives you shoot for. 70% is great and it gives you shoot for. 70% is great and it gives you room to scale. But just remember that room to scale. But just remember that room to scale. But just remember that we're in a service-based business where we're in a service-based business where we're in a service-based business where the work is very custom and bespoke. So the work is very custom and bespoke. So the work is very custom and bespoke. So you have to make sure you're protecting you have to make sure you're protecting you have to make sure you're protecting at least 50% margin. Otherwise, you may at least 50% margin. Otherwise, you may at least 50% margin. Otherwise, you may struggle to pay your employees and it struggle to pay your employees and it struggle to pay your employees and it could just get messy. So in this case, could just get messy. So in this case, could just get messy. So in this case, if it cost you $5,000 per month to if it cost you $5,000 per month to if it cost you $5,000 per month to deliver, you might want to price the deliver, you might want to price the deliver, you might want to price the retainer at $10,000 per month. That retainer at $10,000 per month. That retainer at $10,000 per month. That gives you a 50% margin and a lot of gives you a 50% margin and a lot of gives you a 50% margin and a lot of breathing room to bring on help or breathing room to bring on help or breathing room to bring on help or expand the scope later. And this is why expand the scope later. And this is why expand the scope later. And this is why I always tell people to start solo or I always tell people to start solo or I always tell people to start solo or with one developer because the second with one developer because the second with one developer because the second that you start juggling multiple clients that you start juggling multiple clients that you start juggling multiple clients and multiple engineers, your margins can and multiple engineers, your margins can and multiple engineers, your margins can shrink fast if you're not careful and shrink fast if you're not careful and shrink fast if you're not careful and doing projections like this. If you've doing projections like this. If you've doing projections like this. If you've got a developer on salary, you never got a developer on salary, you never got a developer on salary, you never want them sitting idle because you want them sitting idle because you want them sitting idle because you overestimated [music] workload or overestimated [music] workload or overestimated [music] workload or promised unrealistic timelines because promised unrealistic timelines because promised unrealistic timelines because that's how agencies burn cash. If you've that's how agencies burn cash. If you've that's how agencies burn cash. If you've got some developers kind of on the bench got some developers kind of on the bench got some developers kind of on the bench as hourly contractors, it's not as as hourly contractors, it's not as as hourly contractors, it's not as damaging to the business, but still not damaging to the business, but still not damaging to the business, but still not the ideal situation. So when you think the ideal situation. So when you think the ideal situation. So when you think it through and you protect your margins it through and you protect your margins it through and you protect your margins and you [music] build a repeatable way and you [music] build a repeatable way and you [music] build a repeatable way of delivering, that's when you get of delivering, that's when you get of delivering, that's when you get predictable profit. And predictable predictable profit. And predictable predictable profit. And predictable profit is what actually lets you scale, profit is what actually lets you scale, profit is what actually lets you scale, make more hires, bring on new team make more hires, bring on new team make more hires, bring on new team members without tons of stress. Now, members without tons of stress. Now, members without tons of stress. Now, even if your price is perfect and even if your price is perfect and even if your price is perfect and [music] you have all the ROI [music] you have all the ROI [music] you have all the ROI calculations to back it up, how you calculations to back it up, how you calculations to back it up, how you present it makes all the difference in present it makes all the difference in present it makes all the difference in whether a client says yes or no. And whether a client says yes or no. And whether a client says yes or no. And here's the key. You never start with the here's the key. You never start with the here's the key. You never start with the price. You want to start with that price. You want to start with that price. You want to start with that transformation before you ever say a transformation before you ever say a transformation before you ever say a number. You want the client imagining number. You want the client imagining number. You want the client imagining what the business looks like once that what the business looks like once that what the business looks like once that system is live, what their team's system is live, what their team's system is live, what their team's day-to-day looks like, what problems day-to-day looks like, what problems day-to-day looks like, what problems disappear, what becomes easier, and once disappear, what becomes easier, and once disappear, what becomes easier, and once they're bought into that outcome, the they're bought into that outcome, the they're bought into that outcome, the price starts to make more sense. When price starts to make more sense. When price starts to make more sense. When you walk them through the proposed you walk them through the proposed you walk them through the proposed solution, you want to explain exactly solution, you want to explain exactly solution, you want to explain exactly everything that's actually included in everything that's actually included in everything that's actually included in that total cost. So that usually looks that total cost. So that usually looks that total cost. So that usually looks like setup, hosting, testing and quality like setup, hosting, testing and quality like setup, hosting, testing and quality checks, optimization, their involvement checks, optimization, their involvement checks, optimization, their involvement in what you need from them, in what you need from them, in what you need from them, documentation, enablement, and training, documentation, enablement, and training, documentation, enablement, and training, and if the conversation goes there, and if the conversation goes there, and if the conversation goes there, maintenance. And when the client maintenance. And when the client maintenance. And when the client understands everything that's included, understands everything that's included, understands everything that's included, it will also be much easier for them to it will also be much easier for them to it will also be much easier for them to see your price as an investment instead see your price as an investment instead see your price as an investment instead of just some random expense. This is of just some random expense. This is of just some random expense. This is also where visuals help a lot. So simple also where visuals help a lot. So simple also where visuals help a lot. So simple screenshots, a small wireframe, or even screenshots, a small wireframe, or even screenshots, a small wireframe, or even a rough diagram of the workflow can make a rough diagram of the workflow can make a rough diagram of the workflow can make the process feel real and tangible. If the process feel real and tangible. If the process feel real and tangible. If you've got a working demo or past case you've got a working demo or past case you've got a working demo or past case studies, this is the perfect moment to studies, this is the perfect moment to studies, this is the perfect moment to use them as well. Even in discovery, I use them as well. Even in discovery, I use them as well. Even in discovery, I talk about how important it is to be talk about how important it is to be talk about how important it is to be writing down all the steps while you're writing down all the steps while you're writing down all the steps while you're sharing your screen so the client can sharing your screen so the client can sharing your screen so the client can see exactly, you know, what you think of see exactly, you know, what you think of see exactly, you know, what you think of the process and make sure you guys are the process and make sure you guys are the process and make sure you guys are aligned. Same thing with a wireframe. aligned. Same thing with a wireframe. aligned. Same thing with a wireframe. and then you guys are fully aligned and then you guys are fully aligned and then you guys are fully aligned before you ever talk about money. before you ever talk about money. before you ever talk about money. Because one of the biggest mistakes that Because one of the biggest mistakes that Because one of the biggest mistakes that I made early on was having scopes that I made early on was having scopes that I made early on was having scopes that were way too vague, way too ambiguous. I were way too vague, way too ambiguous. I were way too vague, way too ambiguous. I would deliver something and the client would deliver something and the client would deliver something and the client thought that it needed more. And we thought that it needed more. And we thought that it needed more. And we ended up going back and forth debating ended up going back and forth debating ended up going back and forth debating what done actually meant. When you what done actually meant. When you what done actually meant. When you present your proposal, be very clear present your proposal, be very clear present your proposal, be very clear about what the final outcome actually about what the final outcome actually about what the final outcome actually looks like. Spell it out, what's looks like. Spell it out, what's looks like. Spell it out, what's included, what isn't, what counts as included, what isn't, what counts as included, what isn't, what counts as completion. You should have a very completion. You should have a very completion. You should have a very clear, bulleted list of the exact clear, bulleted list of the exact clear, bulleted list of the exact functionality requirements of the system functionality requirements of the system functionality requirements of the system in this scope of work. This [music] will in this scope of work. This [music] will in this scope of work. This [music] will save you frustration. It protects your save you frustration. It protects your save you frustration. It protects your time. It sets the relationship off on time. It sets the relationship off on time. It sets the relationship off on the right foot and it prevents scope the right foot and it prevents scope the right foot and it prevents scope creep because naturally as you start creep because naturally as you start creep because naturally as you start building and the client starts to get building and the client starts to get building and the client starts to get updates and give you feedback, you guys updates and give you feedback, you guys updates and give you feedback, you guys are both going to realize that there's are both going to realize that there's are both going to realize that there's different features you'd want to add different features you'd want to add different features you'd want to add into the system. And in that case, you into the system. And in that case, you into the system. And in that case, you just have to say, "Hey, I'll add these just have to say, "Hey, I'll add these just have to say, "Hey, I'll add these to the backlog, all of these feature to the backlog, all of these feature to the backlog, all of these feature requests, and when we do a V2, we can requests, and when we do a V2, we can requests, and when we do a V2, we can add them all in. And also, what you're add them all in. And also, what you're add them all in. And also, what you're doing there is you're planting a seed doing there is you're planting a seed doing there is you're planting a seed that there will be future work between that there will be future work between that there will be future work between you two. Something else that you need to you two. Something else that you need to you two. Something else that you need to make clear is the QA process, the make clear is the QA process, the make clear is the QA process, the quality [music] assurance process. Even quality [music] assurance process. Even quality [music] assurance process. Even the best workflows need a real testing the best workflows need a real testing the best workflows need a real testing period before they go into full period before they go into full period before they go into full production. And even then, you want to production. And even then, you want to production. And even then, you want to consider constantly monitoring them and consider constantly monitoring them and consider constantly monitoring them and evaluating them. That means you first evaluating them. That means you first evaluating them. That means you first have internal QA, internal testing. Then have internal QA, internal testing. Then have internal QA, internal testing. Then you have the client do testing and you have the client do testing and you have the client do testing and feedback and you fix bugs and you add feedback and you fix bugs and you add feedback and you fix bugs and you add small adjustments and then you do small adjustments and then you do small adjustments and then you do another round of internal QA, client QA. another round of internal QA, client QA. another round of internal QA, client QA. Finally, you're able to evaluate it with Finally, you're able to evaluate it with Finally, you're able to evaluate it with live data and then consider pushing it live data and then consider pushing it live data and then consider pushing it into full production. And you need to into full production. And you need to into full production. And you need to make sure that they understand their make sure that they understand their make sure that they understand their role in the process because they're role in the process because they're role in the process because they're going to have to give you access to going to have to give you access to going to have to give you access to tools, provide test data, answer tools, provide test data, answer tools, provide test data, answer questions quickly, give you feedback, questions quickly, give you feedback, questions quickly, give you feedback, and if they're slow and unresponsive, and if they're slow and unresponsive, and if they're slow and unresponsive, then everything kind of slows down and then everything kind of slows down and then everything kind of slows down and that is not on you. So once again, that is not on you. So once again, that is not on you. So once again, setting these expectations up front setting these expectations up front setting these expectations up front makes the project smoother for both makes the project smoother for both makes the project smoother for both sides. Now, of course, not every client sides. Now, of course, not every client sides. Now, of course, not every client will instantly agree. So you do need to will instantly agree. So you do need to will instantly agree. So you do need to know how to handle objections without know how to handle objections without know how to handle objections without lowering your value. If they push back, lowering your value. If they push back, lowering your value. If they push back, adjust the scope, not the price. Reduce adjust the scope, not the price. Reduce adjust the scope, not the price. Reduce complexity, remove a feature, break it complexity, remove a feature, break it complexity, remove a feature, break it into phases, but [music] don't discount into phases, but [music] don't discount into phases, but [music] don't discount the value that it's actually providing. the value that it's actually providing. the value that it's actually providing. And as you talk to more clients who And as you talk to more clients who And as you talk to more clients who start to notice these patterns in their start to notice these patterns in their start to notice these patterns in their objections, and once you see those objections, and once you see those objections, and once you see those patterns, you can start to address those patterns, you can start to address those patterns, you can start to address those concerns before the client even ever concerns before the client even ever concerns before the client even ever brings them up. This is how you remove brings them up. This is how you remove brings them up. This is how you remove those hidden costs and it builds a lot those hidden costs and it builds a lot those hidden costs and it builds a lot more trust. When someone is budget more trust. When someone is budget more trust. When someone is budget sensitive, bring the conversation back sensitive, bring the conversation back sensitive, bring the conversation back to the long-term value instead of the to the long-term value instead of the to the long-term value instead of the short-term expense. You can remind them short-term expense. You can remind them short-term expense. You can remind them that the goal is to save time, money that the goal is to save time, money that the goal is to save time, money every single month, not just to have every single month, not just to have every single month, not just to have something built. It's [music] also super something built. It's [music] also super something built. It's [music] also super important to understand when to walk important to understand when to walk important to understand when to walk away. Just because someone is willing to away. Just because someone is willing to away. Just because someone is willing to pay you $10,000 upfront, that does not pay you $10,000 upfront, that does not pay you $10,000 upfront, that does not mean you want them as a client. If they mean you want them as a client. If they mean you want them as a client. If they undervalue your work, question every undervalue your work, question every undervalue your work, question every step, or they show early signs of being step, or they show early signs of being step, or they show early signs of being a difficult partner, walking away is a difficult partner, walking away is a difficult partner, walking away is often the best decision. Protects your often the best decision. Protects your often the best decision. Protects your energy and your reputation. A lot of energy and your reputation. A lot of energy and your reputation. A lot of times, it just might be a feeling that times, it just might be a feeling that times, it just might be a feeling that you get in your gut. One of the most you get in your gut. One of the most you get in your gut. One of the most common questions I get is about common questions I get is about common questions I get is about intellectual property though, so I intellectual property though, so I intellectual property though, so I thought I'd address that here for you thought I'd address that here for you thought I'd address that here for you guys real quick. Clients want to know if guys real quick. Clients want to know if guys real quick. Clients want to know if they will own what you build. Now, the they will own what you build. Now, the they will own what you build. Now, the simple answer is yes. It's just the best simple answer is yes. It's just the best simple answer is yes. It's just the best way to handle it. All IP that we build way to handle it. All IP that we build way to handle it. All IP that we build for them is [music] theirs. I usually for them is [music] theirs. I usually for them is [music] theirs. I usually handle this by saying, "Yeah, we build handle this by saying, "Yeah, we build handle this by saying, "Yeah, we build on open infrastructure. We use internal on open infrastructure. We use internal on open infrastructure. We use internal components or templates to speed up components or templates to speed up components or templates to speed up development. But the real IP in the development. But the real IP in the development. But the real IP in the system is the prompts, your data, your system is the prompts, your data, your system is the prompts, your data, your workflows, and how everything is workflows, and how everything is workflows, and how everything is combined in this ecosystem." So that's combined in this ecosystem." So that's combined in this ecosystem." So that's [music] very specific to your business [music] very specific to your business [music] very specific to your business and provides no value to anyone else. and provides no value to anyone else. and provides no value to anyone else. You're not losing anything by giving You're not losing anything by giving You're not losing anything by giving them ownership. Just make sure you're them ownership. Just make sure you're them ownership. Just make sure you're protecting your own reusable components, protecting your own reusable components, protecting your own reusable components, though. So, that's only one example of though. So, that's only one example of though. So, that's only one example of an objection. In the free resource guide an objection. In the free resource guide an objection. In the free resource guide that will come with this video, I'll add that will come with this video, I'll add that will come with this video, I'll add like six more common objections and like six more common objections and like six more common objections and exactly how you can handle them. You can exactly how you can handle them. You can exactly how you can handle them. You can download it for free inside my school download it for free inside my school download it for free inside my school community. The link for that will be community. The link for that will be community. The link for that will be down in the description. So, once you've down in the description. So, once you've down in the description. So, once you've closed a few clients, the next step is closed a few clients, the next step is closed a few clients, the next step is turning those one-time projects into turning those one-time projects into turning those one-time projects into consistent recurring income. Even if consistent recurring income. Even if consistent recurring income. Even if you're not on a full monthly retainer, you're not on a full monthly retainer, you're not on a full monthly retainer, you can still introduce simple recurring you can still introduce simple recurring you can still introduce simple recurring services that can benefit both sides. services that can benefit both sides. services that can benefit both sides. These are small add-ons that create These are small add-ons that create These are small add-ons that create stability for you [music] and peace of stability for you [music] and peace of stability for you [music] and peace of mind for the client. and they're easy mind for the client. and they're easy mind for the client. and they're easy for clients to say yes to because for clients to say yes to because for clients to say yes to because they're tied directly to maintaining the they're tied directly to maintaining the they're tied directly to maintaining the system that you already built. So, here system that you already built. So, here system that you already built. So, here are a few examples. The first one you are a few examples. The first one you are a few examples. The first one you could do is a maintenance fee. This is could do is a maintenance fee. This is could do is a maintenance fee. This is one of the simplest add-ons. You can one of the simplest add-ons. You can one of the simplest add-ons. You can charge a small monthly fee to make sure charge a small monthly fee to make sure charge a small monthly fee to make sure that their workflow stays healthy if an that their workflow stays healthy if an that their workflow stays healthy if an API changes, if a model updates, if API changes, if a model updates, if API changes, if a model updates, if something breaks, or if the client needs something breaks, or if the client needs something breaks, or if the client needs minor feature enhancements. You're there minor feature enhancements. You're there minor feature enhancements. You're there to keep everything running smoothly. to keep everything running smoothly. to keep everything running smoothly. It's a light retainer that covers It's a light retainer that covers It's a light retainer that covers reliability and support. Now, this could reliability and support. Now, this could reliability and support. Now, this could be a flat monthly fee, something like be a flat monthly fee, something like be a flat monthly fee, something like 200 to 1,500 bucks per month per system. 200 to 1,500 bucks per month per system. 200 to 1,500 bucks per month per system. Second option is kind of optimization Second option is kind of optimization Second option is kind of optimization and monitoring. This is another option and monitoring. This is another option and monitoring. This is another option that is ongoing optimization. You can that is ongoing optimization. You can that is ongoing optimization. You can check the systems weekly or monthly, check the systems weekly or monthly, check the systems weekly or monthly, review logs, look at outputs, and review logs, look at outputs, and review logs, look at outputs, and tighten things up so the workflow keeps tighten things up so the workflow keeps tighten things up so the workflow keeps improving over time. This is really good improving over time. This is really good improving over time. This is really good for AI heavy systems because the prompt for AI heavy systems because the prompt for AI heavy systems because the prompt tuning, the new models, the quality tuning, the new models, the quality tuning, the new models, the quality checks, and the retrieval steps often checks, and the retrieval steps often checks, and the retrieval steps often get better the more that you iterate and get better the more that you iterate and get better the more that you iterate and the more feedback you get from the real the more feedback you get from the real the more feedback you get from the real world. And then the third one is world. And then the third one is world. And then the third one is expansion projects. This one's big. Like expansion projects. This one's big. Like expansion projects. This one's big. Like we talked about earlier, whenever you we talked about earlier, whenever you we talked about earlier, whenever you sell a valuebased project, you and the sell a valuebased project, you and the sell a valuebased project, you and the client almost always uncover a backlog client almost always uncover a backlog client almost always uncover a backlog of improvements, new ideas, or version of improvements, new ideas, or version of improvements, new ideas, or version two upgrades. and that's completely two upgrades. and that's completely two upgrades. and that's completely normal. It's also a perfect opportunity normal. It's also a perfect opportunity normal. It's also a perfect opportunity to turn a one-off project into a to turn a one-off project into a to turn a one-off project into a longerterm partnership. Now, the beauty longerterm partnership. Now, the beauty longerterm partnership. Now, the beauty of these different retainers is that you of these different retainers is that you of these different retainers is that you could sell just one of them or all three could sell just one of them or all three could sell just one of them or all three of them as a package. You can think of them as a package. You can think of them as a package. You can think about pricing all of these different about pricing all of these different about pricing all of these different retainers as a monthly fee, maybe retainers as a monthly fee, maybe retainers as a monthly fee, maybe somewhere from 200 to upwards of 1,500 somewhere from 200 to upwards of 1,500 somewhere from 200 to upwards of 1,500 per month, but you could also do it as per month, but you could also do it as per month, but you could also do it as an hourly maintenance package where you an hourly maintenance package where you an hourly maintenance package where you would give them maybe 5 to 20 hours per would give them maybe 5 to 20 hours per would give them maybe 5 to 20 hours per month and assign a dollar amount to month and assign a dollar amount to month and assign a dollar amount to those hours. Or the last way, which is those hours. Or the last way, which is those hours. Or the last way, which is probably the best way to do it, would be probably the best way to do it, would be probably the best way to do it, would be a percentage of the original project a percentage of the original project a percentage of the original project cost, anywhere from 10 to 25% of the cost, anywhere from 10 to 25% of the cost, anywhere from 10 to 25% of the price that they paid. So, recurring price that they paid. So, recurring price that they paid. So, recurring revenue makes your income more revenue makes your income more revenue makes your income more predictable. It makes your predictable. It makes your predictable. It makes your month-to-month more stable. But the real month-to-month more stable. But the real month-to-month more stable. But the real purpose of these add-ons is relationship purpose of these add-ons is relationship purpose of these add-ons is relationship building. Because every time that you building. Because every time that you building. Because every time that you handle maintenance, optimize something, handle maintenance, optimize something, handle maintenance, optimize something, or help them launch a V2 or a V3, you're or help them launch a V2 or a V3, you're or help them launch a V2 or a V3, you're reinforcing [music] that you understand reinforcing [music] that you understand reinforcing [music] that you understand their business, their workflows, their their business, their workflows, their their business, their workflows, their processes, and their goals better than processes, and their goals better than processes, and their goals better than anyone else does. And that's how you anyone else does. And that's how you anyone else does. And that's how you become the partner that they trust, the become the partner that they trust, the become the partner that they trust, the person that they can call when something person that they can call when something person that they can call when something important needs to get built. And the important needs to get built. And the important needs to get built. And the deeper that they become integrated with deeper that they become integrated with deeper that they become integrated with you, the harder it is for them to switch you, the harder it is for them to switch you, the harder it is for them to switch vendors. You're embedded. You're the one vendors. You're embedded. You're the one vendors. You're embedded. You're the one who knows how everything works under the who knows how everything works under the who knows how everything works under the hood. And that's leverage. The more hood. And that's leverage. The more hood. And that's leverage. The more value you provide, the more expansion value you provide, the more expansion value you provide, the more expansion work you will likely unlock. And that's work you will likely unlock. And that's work you will likely unlock. And that's how you build a business that grows how you build a business that grows how you build a business that grows consistently instead of constantly consistently instead of constantly consistently instead of constantly trying to find new clients. So to make trying to find new clients. So to make trying to find new clients. So to make all of this easier to repeat, it helps all of this easier to repeat, it helps all of this easier to repeat, it helps to have a simple internal framework that to have a simple internal framework that to have a simple internal framework that you can follow every single time that you can follow every single time that you can follow every single time that you price a workflow. That's why I came you price a workflow. That's why I came you price a workflow. That's why I came up with the price framework. [music] up with the price framework. [music] up with the price framework. [music] It's a five-step process that takes all It's a five-step process that takes all It's a five-step process that takes all of the guesswork out of pricing and of the guesswork out of pricing and of the guesswork out of pricing and makes sure that you can stay strategic, makes sure that you can stay strategic, makes sure that you can stay strategic, consistent, and grounded in value. So consistent, and grounded in value. So consistent, and grounded in value. So the P is for prepare. We started off the P is for prepare. We started off the P is for prepare. We started off this video talking about the mindset. So this video talking about the mindset. So this video talking about the mindset. So before you even think about numbers, before you even think about numbers, before you even think about numbers, make sure you're grounding everything in make sure you're grounding everything in make sure you're grounding everything in value based pricing. Just remember, value based pricing. Just remember, value based pricing. Just remember, you're not charging for hours. You're you're not charging for hours. You're you're not charging for hours. You're charging for outcomes, and you're charging for outcomes, and you're charging for outcomes, and you're building systems that [music] save time, building systems that [music] save time, building systems that [music] save time, money, and reduce human error. The R is money, and reduce human error. The R is money, and reduce human error. The R is for research. So, this is your discovery for research. So, this is your discovery for research. So, this is your discovery phase. You want to fully map out the phase. You want to fully map out the phase. You want to fully map out the manual workflow from start to finish. manual workflow from start to finish. manual workflow from start to finish. How does it happen? What triggers it? How does it happen? What triggers it? How does it happen? What triggers it? Who does it? How long does it take? What Who does it? How long does it take? What Who does it? How long does it take? What tools are involved? What does the time tools are involved? What does the time tools are involved? What does the time cost the business? So many things that cost the business? So many things that cost the business? So many things that you need to figure out. And you have to you need to figure out. And you have to you need to figure out. And you have to use this to actually be able to price it use this to actually be able to price it use this to actually be able to price it properly, which leads directly into the properly, which leads directly into the properly, which leads directly into the eye, which is for identify. Identify the eye, which is for identify. Identify the eye, which is for identify. Identify the ROI. This is where you turn your ROI. This is where you turn your ROI. This is where you turn your research into actual numbers. What are research into actual numbers. What are research into actual numbers. What are the monthly savings, annual savings, the the monthly savings, annual savings, the the monthly savings, annual savings, the opportunity cost, the efficiency gains, opportunity cost, the efficiency gains, opportunity cost, the efficiency gains, and remember the 10 times investment and remember the 10 times investment and remember the 10 times investment kind of golden rule. They should roughly kind of golden rule. They should roughly kind of golden rule. They should roughly see 10 times the return on whatever they see 10 times the return on whatever they see 10 times the return on whatever they pay you within the first year. The C is pay you within the first year. The C is pay you within the first year. The C is for communicate. Now that you have that for communicate. Now that you have that for communicate. Now that you have that price, you still have to present it in a price, you still have to present it in a price, you still have to present it in a way that makes sense. You want to paint way that makes sense. You want to paint way that makes sense. You want to paint the picture of what the business will the picture of what the business will the picture of what the business will look like once the system is live. look like once the system is live. look like once the system is live. Explain what's included. Explain how QA Explain what's included. Explain how QA Explain what's included. Explain how QA works. Explain [music] what you need works. Explain [music] what you need works. Explain [music] what you need from them. If you can't communicate from them. If you can't communicate from them. If you can't communicate clearly, you'll probably lose them long clearly, you'll probably lose them long clearly, you'll probably lose them long before you even get to the price before you even get to the price before you even get to the price conversation. [music] And then the E is conversation. [music] And then the E is conversation. [music] And then the E is for expand. Once the project is for expand. Once the project is for expand. Once the project is complete, your job still is not over. complete, your job still is not over. complete, your job still is not over. You want to look for opportunities to You want to look for opportunities to You want to look for opportunities to continue building on top of that continue building on top of that continue building on top of that relationship. That could be maintenance, relationship. That could be maintenance, relationship. That could be maintenance, optimization, monitoring, additional optimization, monitoring, additional optimization, monitoring, additional workflows, V2 upgrades, retainers, or workflows, V2 upgrades, retainers, or workflows, V2 upgrades, retainers, or performance bonuses. Your goal isn't performance bonuses. Your goal isn't performance bonuses. Your goal isn't just one sale. Your goal is to become just one sale. Your goal is to become just one sale. Your goal is to become their long-term partner. So, this their long-term partner. So, this their long-term partner. So, this framework gives you a repeatable, framework gives you a repeatable, framework gives you a repeatable, reliable way to price any AI workflow, reliable way to price any AI workflow, reliable way to price any AI workflow, whether it's your first project or your whether it's your first project or your whether it's your first project or your hundth. So, to wrap this up, I wanted to hundth. So, to wrap this up, I wanted to hundth. So, to wrap this up, I wanted to show you guys a practical example of how show you guys a practical example of how show you guys a practical example of how this framework works in real life this framework works in real life this framework works in real life because once you see the numbers laid because once you see the numbers laid because once you see the numbers laid out, pricing becomes a lot less scary out, pricing becomes a lot less scary out, pricing becomes a lot less scary and a lot more logical. So, we worked and a lot more logical. So, we worked and a lot more logical. So, we worked with a client who wanted help with their with a client who wanted help with their with a client who wanted help with their inbound sales process. They were getting inbound sales process. They were getting inbound sales process. They were getting about 20 leads every single week from about 20 leads every single week from about 20 leads every single week from their form on their website. And every their form on their website. And every their form on their website. And every one of those leads took about an hour of one of those leads took about an hour of one of those leads took about an hour of an employees time to reach out, qualify an employees time to reach out, qualify an employees time to reach out, qualify them, nurture them, and ultimately have them, nurture them, and ultimately have them, nurture them, and ultimately have them book in a call with the sales team. them book in a call with the sales team. them book in a call with the sales team. These employees who set those meetings These employees who set those meetings These employees who set those meetings were valued at about $40 per hour. So, were valued at about $40 per hour. So, were valued at about $40 per hour. So, this meant that this one process was this meant that this one process was this meant that this one process was costing the business $800 per week, costing the business $800 per week, costing the business $800 per week, which is $3,200 per month. And when you which is $3,200 per month. And when you which is $3,200 per month. And when you zoom out and you annualize it, it ends zoom out and you annualize it, it ends zoom out and you annualize it, it ends up being about $38,000 per year. So, up being about $38,000 per year. So, up being about $38,000 per year. So, let's walk through that example with the let's walk through that example with the let's walk through that example with the price framework. So P prepare. Right price framework. So P prepare. Right price framework. So P prepare. Right away I grounded myself in value based away I grounded myself in value based away I grounded myself in value based pricing. My job here was not to think pricing. My job here was not to think pricing. My job here was not to think about how long the workflow would take about how long the workflow would take about how long the workflow would take me to build. It was to think about how me to build. It was to think about how me to build. It was to think about how much value it will return to the much value it will return to the much value it will return to the business. The R is for research. Then business. The R is for research. Then business. The R is for research. Then came the discovery phase. We mapped out came the discovery phase. We mapped out came the discovery phase. We mapped out the entire manual process. When leads the entire manual process. When leads the entire manual process. When leads came in, who handled them, exactly how came in, who handled them, exactly how came in, who handled them, exactly how long it took, what tools they were long it took, what tools they were long it took, what tools they were using, and where the bottlenecks were. using, and where the bottlenecks were. using, and where the bottlenecks were. That's how we arrived at the $38,400 That's how we arrived at the $38,400 That's how we arrived at the $38,400 per year in labor costs opportunity. I per year in labor costs opportunity. I per year in labor costs opportunity. I identified the ROI. Once we had these identified the ROI. Once we had these identified the ROI. Once we had these numbers, the investment became obvious. numbers, the investment became obvious. numbers, the investment became obvious. I knew automating that process was going I knew automating that process was going I knew automating that process was going to save them about $38,000 in a year to save them about $38,000 in a year to save them about $38,000 in a year alone, not even counting the opportunity alone, not even counting the opportunity alone, not even counting the opportunity cost. So, I priced the product at 15% of cost. So, I priced the product at 15% of cost. So, I priced the product at 15% of those annualized savings, and that came those annualized savings, and that came those annualized savings, and that came out to $5,500. Because the ROI was so out to $5,500. Because the ROI was so out to $5,500. Because the ROI was so clear, it made complete sense to them, clear, it made complete sense to them, clear, it made complete sense to them, and they could see exactly how the and they could see exactly how the and they could see exactly how the system would pay for itself. See, system would pay for itself. See, system would pay for itself. See, communicate. Before I ever said the communicate. Before I ever said the communicate. Before I ever said the price, I walked them through the price, I walked them through the price, I walked them through the solution, how the sales agents would solution, how the sales agents would solution, how the sales agents would work, what steps it would automate, what work, what steps it would automate, what work, what steps it would automate, what testing would look like, what I would testing would look like, what I would testing would look like, what I would need to know from them, and how it would need to know from them, and how it would need to know from them, and how it would improve both speed to lead and lead improve both speed to lead and lead improve both speed to lead and lead quality. I also showed them how we would quality. I also showed them how we would quality. I also showed them how we would track success. By the time I anchored track success. By the time I anchored track success. By the time I anchored the price, they already believed in this the price, they already believed in this the price, they already believed in this outcome and they were bought in. [music] outcome and they were bought in. [music] outcome and they were bought in. [music] And finally, the E expand. Once we moved And finally, the E expand. Once we moved And finally, the E expand. Once we moved into QA and prepared to push the into QA and prepared to push the into QA and prepared to push the workflow into production, that's when we workflow into production, that's when we workflow into production, that's when we started to talk about ongoing support. started to talk about ongoing support. started to talk about ongoing support. We agreed on a simple maintenance and We agreed on a simple maintenance and We agreed on a simple maintenance and optimization plan at $550 per month, optimization plan at $550 per month, optimization plan at $550 per month, which is about 10% of the original which is about 10% of the original which is about 10% of the original project's fee. This covered bug fixes, project's fee. This covered bug fixes, project's fee. This covered bug fixes, keeping everything aligned with the keeping everything aligned with the keeping everything aligned with the scope, making adjustments as models scope, making adjustments as models scope, making adjustments as models updated, and running monthly health updated, and running monthly health updated, and running monthly health reports. Now, this is where we actually reports. Now, this is where we actually reports. Now, this is where we actually did mess up. I should have been proving did mess up. I should have been proving did mess up. I should have been proving to the business how valuable the system to the business how valuable the system to the business how valuable the system really is once it was pushed into really is once it was pushed into really is once it was pushed into production and show them how it was production and show them how it was production and show them how it was actually growing the business. So in actually growing the business. So in actually growing the business. So in hindsight, I should have been tracking hindsight, I should have been tracking hindsight, I should have been tracking things like how fast leads were being things like how fast leads were being things like how fast leads were being contacted, which was basically [music] contacted, which was basically [music] contacted, which was basically [music] instant now, how many leads per week instant now, how many leads per week instant now, how many leads per week were coming in, how much total time was were coming in, how much total time was were coming in, how much total time was being saved and how the sales team felt being saved and how the sales team felt being saved and how the sales team felt using the system. And if we were using the system. And if we were using the system. And if we were actually tracking all of these metrics actually tracking all of these metrics actually tracking all of these metrics kind of, you know, month after month and kind of, you know, month after month and kind of, you know, month after month and we're able to show them that, it would we're able to show them that, it would we're able to show them that, it would be very clear how the system is be very clear how the system is be very clear how the system is explicitly growing the business. And explicitly growing the business. And explicitly growing the business. And this would have given the client more this would have given the client more this would have given the client more visibility into the actual impact and a visibility into the actual impact and a visibility into the actual impact and a natural entry point for us to make natural entry point for us to make natural entry point for us to make version two improvements and the version two improvements and the version two improvements and the potential of getting them on a retainer. potential of getting them on a retainer. potential of getting them on a retainer. So, I know that we covered a lot of So, I know that we covered a lot of So, I know that we covered a lot of stuff today and I want to make sure that stuff today and I want to make sure that stuff today and I want to make sure that it all sticks. So, I've thrown all of it all sticks. So, I've thrown all of it all sticks. So, I've thrown all of this into a full resource guide that you this into a full resource guide that you this into a full resource guide that you can get for free by joining my free can get for free by joining my free can get for free by joining my free school community. The link for that will school community. The link for that will school community. The link for that will be down in the description. And if you be down in the description. And if you be down in the description. And if you want to dive a little bit deeper, I've want to dive a little bit deeper, I've want to dive a little bit deeper, I've got a full course on all of this kind of got a full course on all of this kind of got a full course on all of this kind of stuff. I talk about everything that I've stuff. I talk about everything that I've stuff. I talk about everything that I've been talking about on YouTube, but in been talking about on YouTube, but in been talking about on YouTube, but in much more depth. So, if that interests much more depth. So, if that interests much more depth. So, if that interests you, then definitely check out my plus you, then definitely check out my plus you, then definitely check out my plus community. The link for that is also community. The link for that is also community. The link for that is also down in the description. Anyways, that's down in the description. Anyways, that's down in the description. Anyways, that's going to do it for today. If you guys going to do it for today. If you guys going to do it for today. If you guys enjoyed, you learned something new, enjoyed, you learned something new, enjoyed, you learned something new, please give it a like. It definitely please give it a like. It definitely please give it a like. It definitely helps me out a ton. And as always, I helps me out a ton. And as always, I helps me out a ton. And as always, I appreciate you guys making it to the end appreciate you guys making it to the end appreciate you guys making it to the end of the video. I'll see you on the next of the video. I'll see you on the next of the video. I'll see you on the next one. Thanks everyone. Okay, so before we get into this next Okay, so before we get into this next Okay, so before we get into this next one, which is talking about delivering one, which is talking about delivering one, which is talking about delivering and handing over workflows or and handing over workflows or and handing over workflows or automations, I just wanted to clear automations, I just wanted to clear automations, I just wanted to clear something up because what you'll notice something up because what you'll notice something up because what you'll notice is in the video I do make a few specific is in the video I do make a few specific is in the video I do make a few specific references to nen and obviously this references to nen and obviously this references to nen and obviously this course is about cloud code. But the course is about cloud code. But the course is about cloud code. But the reason why I wanted to still include reason why I wanted to still include reason why I wanted to still include that is because the foundational that is because the foundational that is because the foundational concepts are still the exact same. The concepts are still the exact same. The concepts are still the exact same. The conversation just moves from okay, conversation just moves from okay, conversation just moves from okay, instead of an NN JSON workflow, it's now instead of an NN JSON workflow, it's now instead of an NN JSON workflow, it's now just like a Python script or a just like a Python script or a just like a Python script or a TypeScript or whatever coding language TypeScript or whatever coding language TypeScript or whatever coding language you use. The key confusion with NN was you use. The key confusion with NN was you use. The key confusion with NN was like, okay, who owns the account and like, okay, who owns the account and like, okay, who owns the account and where is the account hosted? Now the where is the account hosted? Now the where is the account hosted? Now the question just becomes whose GitHub or is question just becomes whose GitHub or is question just becomes whose GitHub or is this in? Whose trigger.dev or you know this in? Whose trigger.dev or you know this in? Whose trigger.dev or you know similar hosting platform does this similar hosting platform does this similar hosting platform does this actually live in? Whose domain or cloud actually live in? Whose domain or cloud actually live in? Whose domain or cloud project is the automation running under? project is the automation running under? project is the automation running under? You still have the exact same three You still have the exact same three You still have the exact same three layers about account ownership, about layers about account ownership, about layers about account ownership, about infrastructure ownership, about access infrastructure ownership, about access infrastructure ownership, about access control. The only thing you want to be control. The only thing you want to be control. The only thing you want to be careful about is if there's a specific careful about is if there's a specific careful about is if there's a specific provider that has some sort of licensing provider that has some sort of licensing provider that has some sort of licensing agreement or terms of service that you agreement or terms of service that you agreement or terms of service that you have to make sure you're not violating. have to make sure you're not violating. have to make sure you're not violating. But essentially, it's the same But essentially, it's the same But essentially, it's the same conversation being upfront with your conversation being upfront with your conversation being upfront with your client and saying, "Hey, where do you client and saying, "Hey, where do you client and saying, "Hey, where do you guys feel comfortable with this living?" guys feel comfortable with this living?" guys feel comfortable with this living?" Okay, I need to either have you send me Okay, I need to either have you send me Okay, I need to either have you send me over the API keys in an encrypted way or over the API keys in an encrypted way or over the API keys in an encrypted way or you need to sign in over here and put in you need to sign in over here and put in you need to sign in over here and put in your environment variables, put in the your environment variables, put in the your environment variables, put in the API keys so that this automation can API keys so that this automation can API keys so that this automation can run. Whether that's on a trigger.dev run. Whether that's on a trigger.dev run. Whether that's on a trigger.dev account that I own and I charge you for, account that I own and I charge you for, account that I own and I charge you for, or whether that's one that you spin up or whether that's one that you spin up or whether that's one that you spin up and then I just basically put my and then I just basically put my and then I just basically put my automations in there. Just remember, at automations in there. Just remember, at automations in there. Just remember, at its core, an automation is code. So, you its core, an automation is code. So, you its core, an automation is code. So, you just have to figure out where does that just have to figure out where does that just have to figure out where does that code live and what does that code need code live and what does that code need code live and what does that code need in order to run every day. So, like I in order to run every day. So, like I in order to run every day. So, like I said, as you're watching this next said, as you're watching this next said, as you're watching this next section, just keep that in mind. So, you section, just keep that in mind. So, you section, just keep that in mind. So, you guys are always asking me, Nate, how do guys are always asking me, Nate, how do guys are always asking me, Nate, how do I host workflows? What does the handover I host workflows? What does the handover I host workflows? What does the handover process look like? Should I host a process look like? Should I host a process look like? Should I host a workflow to the client? What about workflow to the client? What about workflow to the client? What about security? These types of questions come security? These types of questions come security? These types of questions come up all the time. And since there's up all the time. And since there's up all the time. And since there's literally no good video covering all of literally no good video covering all of literally no good video covering all of it, I figured I'd make one. So, in this it, I figured I'd make one. So, in this it, I figured I'd make one. So, in this video, I'm going to walk you guys video, I'm going to walk you guys video, I'm going to walk you guys through the entire process of fulfilling through the entire process of fulfilling through the entire process of fulfilling an AI workflow or agent after a client an AI workflow or agent after a client an AI workflow or agent after a client pays you step by step. And at the end, pays you step by step. And at the end, pays you step by step. And at the end, I'll show you a real example from one of I'll show you a real example from one of I'll show you a real example from one of the first AI workflows that I ever sold. the first AI workflows that I ever sold. the first AI workflows that I ever sold. Let's get into it. So before [music] you Let's get into it. So before [music] you Let's get into it. So before [music] you build anything, the first question that build anything, the first question that build anything, the first question that you have to answer is simple. Who is you have to answer is simple. Who is you have to answer is simple. Who is going to host the workflow? I get this going to host the workflow? I get this going to host the workflow? I get this question constantly. And since most of question constantly. And since most of question constantly. And since most of you guys are using NDN, I'm going to you guys are using NDN, I'm going to you guys are using NDN, I'm going to frame this answer around how NN actually frame this answer around how NN actually frame this answer around how NN actually works because its license is actually works because its license is actually works because its license is actually kind of what decides what you can and kind of what decides what you can and kind of what decides what you can and cannot do. I've also worked with tons of cannot do. I've also worked with tons of cannot do. I've also worked with tons of different clients and I've delivered different clients and I've delivered different clients and I've delivered workflows to them in tons of different workflows to them in tons of different workflows to them in tons of different ways. So I basically just charge for the ways. So I basically just charge for the ways. So I basically just charge for the JSON file and then I would give that to JSON file and then I would give that to JSON file and then I would give that to them as well as a Loom setup guide of them as well as a Loom setup guide of them as well as a Loom setup guide of how it works. I've had them invite me to how it works. I've had them invite me to how it works. I've had them invite me to their own end account and I would just their own end account and I would just their own end account and I would just develop right there in their own develop right there in their own develop right there in their own environment. I've developed the workflow environment. I've developed the workflow environment. I've developed the workflow in my own environment and then they in my own environment and then they in my own environment and then they would give me their login credentials would give me their login credentials would give me their login credentials and I would log in and port everything and I would log in and port everything and I would log in and port everything and then I would just log out and I've and then I would just log out and I've and then I would just log out and I've also helped people spin up their own also helped people spin up their own also helped people spin up their own instance of NadN and then they would instance of NadN and then they would instance of NadN and then they would invite me once they have the account invite me once they have the account invite me once they have the account [music] as a team member. So I say all [music] as a team member. So I say all [music] as a team member. So I say all that to say that there's a lot of that to say that there's a lot of that to say that there's a lot of different ways to do it. So let me tell different ways to do it. So let me tell different ways to do it. So let me tell you about the main options and what I you about the main options and what I you about the main options and what I recommend. So the key rule that you need recommend. So the key rule that you need recommend. So the key rule that you need to know is that you can only use Nitn to know is that you can only use Nitn to know is that you can only use Nitn for your own business internally unless for your own business internally unless for your own business internally unless you have a paid commercial or enterprise you have a paid commercial or enterprise you have a paid commercial or enterprise license if you're hosting it. You are license if you're hosting it. You are license if you're hosting it. You are allowed to sell services around nitn but allowed to sell services around nitn but allowed to sell services around nitn but you are not allowed to turn nitn into you are not allowed to turn nitn into you are not allowed to turn nitn into your own product. So everything about your own product. So everything about your own product. So everything about hosting comes down to one thing. Is this hosting comes down to one thing. Is this hosting comes down to one thing. Is this nen instance being used by one business nen instance being used by one business nen instance being used by one business internally or are you exposing it as a internally or are you exposing it as a internally or are you exposing it as a platform to other people? So now that platform to other people? So now that platform to other people? So now that we've gone over that rule, we have three we've gone over that rule, we have three we've gone over that rule, we have three options for hosting workflows and options for hosting workflows and options for hosting workflows and honestly I would pretty much always go honestly I would pretty much always go honestly I would pretty much always go with the first option and that's what with the first option and that's what with the first option and that's what I'm recommending to you all, but I'll I'm recommending to you all, but I'll I'm recommending to you all, but I'll still touch on the other two because still touch on the other two because still touch on the other two because it's still important to understand the it's still important to understand the it's still important to understand the difference. All right, so option number difference. All right, so option number difference. All right, so option number one is where the client hosts NAD. This one is where the client hosts NAD. This one is where the client hosts NAD. This is the safest and cleanest model for is the safest and cleanest model for is the safest and cleanest model for almost everyone. This means that each almost everyone. This means that each almost everyone. This means that each client that you're working with would client that you're working with would client that you're working with would have their own nitin instance and you have their own nitin instance and you have their own nitin instance and you simply work inside of it. So what this simply work inside of it. So what this simply work inside of it. So what this means is that the client either buys means is that the client either buys means is that the client either buys their own anoden cloud and invites you their own anoden cloud and invites you their own anoden cloud and invites you as a user or they sign up on a as a user or they sign up on a as a user or they sign up on a self-hosted instance or locally hosted self-hosted instance or locally hosted self-hosted instance or locally hosted instance and then they give you access instance and then they give you access instance and then they give you access to it. Now I know that as a service to it. Now I know that as a service to it. Now I know that as a service provider you want to make their provider you want to make their provider you want to make their experience as frictionless as possible. experience as frictionless as possible. experience as frictionless as possible. So what you can do is you can help them So what you can do is you can help them So what you can do is you can help them set it up. You can help them configure set it up. You can help them configure set it up. You can help them configure their server or even provision an their server or even provision an their server or even provision an account for them, but then they have to account for them, but then they have to account for them, but then they have to own it and they have to pay for it own it and they have to pay for it own it and they have to pay for it because you can't mark up the hosting or because you can't mark up the hosting or because you can't mark up the hosting or essentially charge for access to NIDAN. essentially charge for access to NIDAN. essentially charge for access to NIDAN. This [music] helps you stay compliant This [music] helps you stay compliant This [music] helps you stay compliant because Naden is being used for that because Naden is being used for that because Naden is being used for that company's internal business processes. company's internal business processes. company's internal business processes. You are just providing consulting and You are just providing consulting and You are just providing consulting and workflow development which is completely workflow development which is completely workflow development which is completely allowed and you are not giving multiple allowed and you are not giving multiple allowed and you are not giving multiple clients access to the same instance. clients access to the same instance. clients access to the same instance. This is basically the Zapier model where This is basically the Zapier model where This is basically the Zapier model where every client has their own seat and every client has their own seat and every client has their own seat and you're the builder. So if you're doing you're the builder. So if you're doing you're the builder. So if you're doing client work, this is what I recommend client work, this is what I recommend client work, this is what I recommend pretty much all the time. Now option two pretty much all the time. Now option two pretty much all the time. Now option two is you host NM but only for your own is you host NM but only for your own is you host NM but only for your own agency. So in this setup, you run nitn agency. So in this setup, you run nitn agency. So in this setup, you run nitn on your own server, but nobody else sees on your own server, but nobody else sees on your own server, but nobody else sees it except for your business. And this is it except for your business. And this is it except for your business. And this is for your own internal automations like for your own internal automations like for your own internal automations like lead routing, content workflows, lead routing, content workflows, lead routing, content workflows, internal AI agents, or anything else internal AI agents, or anything else internal AI agents, or anything else where the client never touches NADN where the client never touches NADN where the client never touches NADN directly or ever needs to. Now, you can directly or ever needs to. Now, you can directly or ever needs to. Now, you can also deliver a service using Eniden also deliver a service using Eniden also deliver a service using Eniden running on your own infrastructure. As running on your own infrastructure. As running on your own infrastructure. As long as clients don't log in, don't long as clients don't log in, don't long as clients don't log in, don't connect their own API keys, things like connect their own API keys, things like connect their own API keys, things like that. This is compliance because NIDAN that. This is compliance because NIDAN that. This is compliance because NIDAN is only powering your own operations. is only powering your own operations. is only powering your own operations. You're not exposing it as a hosted You're not exposing it as a hosted You're not exposing it as a hosted platform and you're not giving clients platform and you're not giving clients platform and you're not giving clients access to it. So just think of it as access to it. So just think of it as access to it. So just think of it as your own internal engine. And an example your own internal engine. And an example your own internal engine. And an example of this could be if you were sending a of this could be if you were sending a of this could be if you were sending a client something like an automated client something like an automated client something like an automated report or research and as a service to report or research and as a service to report or research and as a service to them that's what you're basically them that's what you're basically them that's what you're basically delivering even if your own internal delivering even if your own internal delivering even if your own internal automation is powering that on your own automation is powering that on your own automation is powering that on your own hosted NN that's fine because they are hosted NN that's fine because they are hosted NN that's fine because they are just paying for that deliverable. Then just paying for that deliverable. Then just paying for that deliverable. Then option three is when you host N&amp;N as the option three is when you host N&amp;N as the option three is when you host N&amp;N as the product and this is where you would need product and this is where you would need product and this is where you would need a commercial or enterprise type of a commercial or enterprise type of a commercial or enterprise type of license. This is the line that you license. This is the line that you license. This is the line that you cannot cross on the free or the cannot cross on the free or the cannot cross on the free or the sustainable use license. So essentially sustainable use license. So essentially sustainable use license. So essentially you cannot build a SAS product software you cannot build a SAS product software you cannot build a SAS product software as a service product where NN is the as a service product where NN is the as a service product where NN is the value. Even if the client never sees the value. Even if the client never sees the value. Even if the client never sees the NN UI if your offer is basically give me NN UI if your offer is basically give me NN UI if your offer is basically give me your credentials and I'll run your your credentials and I'll run your your credentials and I'll run your automations on my end server. That is automations on my end server. That is automations on my end server. That is not allowed without a commercial not allowed without a commercial not allowed without a commercial agreement. And this model only really agreement. And this model only really agreement. And this model only really makes sense if you're building out a SAS makes sense if you're building out a SAS makes sense if you're building out a SAS or you're selling automation as a or you're selling automation as a or you're selling automation as a subscription where ended is clearly the subscription where ended is clearly the subscription where ended is clearly the engine. If that is the case you engine. If that is the case you engine. If that is the case you definitely want to talk to end sales and definitely want to talk to end sales and definitely want to talk to end sales and get a commercial or enterprise license. get a commercial or enterprise license. get a commercial or enterprise license. And I will say those things are not And I will say those things are not And I will say those things are not cheap. So the short version is simple. cheap. So the short version is simple. cheap. So the short version is simple. If you're building workflows for clients If you're building workflows for clients If you're building workflows for clients let them host it. If you're running let them host it. If you're running let them host it. If you're running automations for your own company, host automations for your own company, host automations for your own company, host it yourself. And if you want to build a it yourself. And if you want to build a it yourself. And if you want to build a SAS or platform, you need a commercial SAS or platform, you need a commercial SAS or platform, you need a commercial license. And once you've decided where license. And once you've decided where license. And once you've decided where the automation will actually live, then the automation will actually live, then the automation will actually live, then you can move into planning out the you can move into planning out the you can move into planning out the build, structuring the data, and build, structuring the data, and build, structuring the data, and preparing for the handover. So next, preparing for the handover. So next, preparing for the handover. So next, let's look at security and data let's look at security and data let's look at security and data protection. Once you've built the protection. Once you've built the protection. Once you've built the workflow, your job is to make sure the workflow, your job is to make sure the workflow, your job is to make sure the data moving through it stays secure. data moving through it stays secure. data moving through it stays secure. That means no leaking sensitive That means no leaking sensitive That means no leaking sensitive information, no exposing personal data, information, no exposing personal data, information, no exposing personal data, and no breaking privacy laws like GDPR. and no breaking privacy laws like GDPR. and no breaking privacy laws like GDPR. So let's go over how Aniden handles So let's go over how Aniden handles So let's go over how Aniden handles security and how you can explain this security and how you can explain this security and how you can explain this clearly to your clients. And in a few clearly to your clients. And in a few clearly to your clients. And in a few minutes, I'll talk more specifically minutes, I'll talk more specifically minutes, I'll talk more specifically about API key management and billing about API key management and billing about API key management and billing since that also deserves its own since that also deserves its own since that also deserves its own section. The first thing to understand section. The first thing to understand section. The first thing to understand is how Naden protects sensitive fields is how Naden protects sensitive fields is how Naden protects sensitive fields inside of your automations. Credentials inside of your automations. Credentials inside of your automations. Credentials inside Naden are encrypted at rest and inside Naden are encrypted at rest and inside Naden are encrypted at rest and they're decrypted in memory at the they're decrypted in memory at the they're decrypted in memory at the moment the workflow runs. So these nodes moment the workflow runs. So these nodes moment the workflow runs. So these nodes with your credentials in there simply with your credentials in there simply with your credentials in there simply reference credentials by name. And if a reference credentials by name. And if a reference credentials by name. And if a teammate or client doesn't have teammate or client doesn't have teammate or client doesn't have permission to that workspace that has permission to that workspace that has permission to that workspace that has those credentials, they won't be able to those credentials, they won't be able to those credentials, they won't be able to see the raw values, the API keys, the see the raw values, the API keys, the see the raw values, the API keys, the passwords, whatever you want to call passwords, whatever you want to call passwords, whatever you want to call them. This is why handing off a workflow them. This is why handing off a workflow them. This is why handing off a workflow is safe when it's done correctly because is safe when it's done correctly because is safe when it's done correctly because you're not exposing sensitive fields you're not exposing sensitive fields you're not exposing sensitive fields inside nodes and you're not storing inside nodes and you're not storing inside nodes and you're not storing anything in plain text. The platform is anything in plain text. The platform is anything in plain text. The platform is built to keep secrets locked away so built to keep secrets locked away so built to keep secrets locked away so only the automation engine can access only the automation engine can access only the automation engine can access them when it needs to. Another big part them when it needs to. Another big part them when it needs to. Another big part of security is web hook hardening. So a of security is web hook hardening. So a of security is web hook hardening. So a web hook is basically like a public door web hook is basically like a public door web hook is basically like a public door into a workflow which means you need to into a workflow which means you need to into a workflow which means you need to treat it with the same seriousness as treat it with the same seriousness as treat it with the same seriousness as you would any inbound request to an you would any inbound request to an you would any inbound request to an application. So maybe this means using application. So maybe this means using application. So maybe this means using HTTPS so that data is encrypted in HTTPS so that data is encrypted in HTTPS so that data is encrypted in transit or signing secrets or transit or signing secrets or transit or signing secrets or verification tokens for services like verification tokens for services like verification tokens for services like Stripe, GitHub or any provider that Stripe, GitHub or any provider that Stripe, GitHub or any provider that supports signature validation. What you supports signature validation. What you supports signature validation. What you can do is have EndN verify that can do is have EndN verify that can do is have EndN verify that signature before it actually trusts the signature before it actually trusts the signature before it actually trusts the payload and lets it into the workflow payload and lets it into the workflow payload and lets it into the workflow and never put sensitive data inside the and never put sensitive data inside the and never put sensitive data inside the URL of a web hook. And if you really URL of a web hook. And if you really URL of a web hook. And if you really want to get advanced and a little more want to get advanced and a little more want to get advanced and a little more technical here, if the use case called technical here, if the use case called technical here, if the use case called for it, you could implement things like for it, you could implement things like for it, you could implement things like rate limits or additional authentication rate limits or additional authentication rate limits or additional authentication checks to prevent spam, brute forcing or checks to prevent spam, brute forcing or checks to prevent spam, brute forcing or automated abuse. So the way I would automated abuse. So the way I would automated abuse. So the way I would explain this to clients is simple. Every explain this to clients is simple. Every explain this to clients is simple. Every external trigger hitting your automation external trigger hitting your automation external trigger hitting your automation must be authenticated so that only must be authenticated so that only must be authenticated so that only approved systems can talk to this approved systems can talk to this approved systems can talk to this workflow, which means random people workflow, which means random people workflow, which means random people cannot guess the URL and start hitting cannot guess the URL and start hitting cannot guess the URL and start hitting your CRM or your internal systems for your CRM or your internal systems for your CRM or your internal systems for data. And while we're on this topic, data. And while we're on this topic, data. And while we're on this topic, it's also worth thinking about prompting it's also worth thinking about prompting it's also worth thinking about prompting in some guard rails and building a in some guard rails and building a in some guard rails and building a system so that people can't jailbreak or system so that people can't jailbreak or system so that people can't jailbreak or prompt inject your AI agents. Now, prompt inject your AI agents. Now, prompt inject your AI agents. Now, another big responsibility is handling another big responsibility is handling another big responsibility is handling CRM, payment, or other personal data CRM, payment, or other personal data CRM, payment, or other personal data because this information is often because this information is often because this information is often regulated under GDPR and similar laws. regulated under GDPR and similar laws. regulated under GDPR and similar laws. Anything that could identify a person is Anything that could identify a person is Anything that could identify a person is protected. So, this is not legal advice. protected. So, this is not legal advice. protected. So, this is not legal advice. However, there are a few basic best However, there are a few basic best However, there are a few basic best practices to follow, but you should practices to follow, but you should practices to follow, but you should always be consulting with professionals always be consulting with professionals always be consulting with professionals based on your industry and your laws based on your industry and your laws based on your industry and your laws that govern you and your clients. But that govern you and your clients. But that govern you and your clients. But you could do stuff like using data you could do stuff like using data you could do stuff like using data minimization, which means only bringing minimization, which means only bringing minimization, which means only bringing in the fields that you actually need. in the fields that you actually need. in the fields that you actually need. You could limit who can see the workflow You could limit who can see the workflow You could limit who can see the workflow runs, so only the right people have runs, so only the right people have runs, so only the right people have access to the logs and the payloads. You access to the logs and the payloads. You access to the logs and the payloads. You should also understand that a client should also understand that a client should also understand that a client must have a legal basis for collecting must have a legal basis for collecting must have a legal basis for collecting and processing the data that they're and processing the data that they're and processing the data that they're passing into the workflow. And if you're passing into the workflow. And if you're passing into the workflow. And if you're processing data on the client's behalf, processing data on the client's behalf, processing data on the client's behalf, you're usually acting as a data you're usually acting as a data you're usually acting as a data processor, which means you may need a processor, which means you may need a processor, which means you may need a data processing agreement in place. You data processing agreement in place. You data processing agreement in place. You also need to make sure that your also need to make sure that your also need to make sure that your automations don't make it impossible for automations don't make it impossible for automations don't make it impossible for the client to honor requests like data the client to honor requests like data the client to honor requests like data deletion, data corrections, or access deletion, data corrections, or access deletion, data corrections, or access requests. Basically, what that means is requests. Basically, what that means is requests. Basically, what that means is you should know exactly where the data you should know exactly where the data you should know exactly where the data flows so that it can be removed or flows so that it can be removed or flows so that it can be removed or updated if needed. And Naden helps with updated if needed. And Naden helps with updated if needed. And Naden helps with this because you can prune executions, this because you can prune executions, this because you can prune executions, trim logs, and limit the amount of data trim logs, and limit the amount of data trim logs, and limit the amount of data that the system stores over time. And that the system stores over time. And that the system stores over time. And one of the biggest advantages of NADN is one of the biggest advantages of NADN is one of the biggest advantages of NADN is that it's source available, which is that it's source available, which is that it's source available, which is essentially better known as open source, essentially better known as open source, essentially better known as open source, which means that it can be fully which means that it can be fully which means that it can be fully self-hosted, which gives the client the self-hosted, which gives the client the self-hosted, which gives the client the option to keep all of their workflow option to keep all of their workflow option to keep all of their workflow data in their own environment. So you data in their own environment. So you data in their own environment. So you can run noden on their infrastructure, can run noden on their infrastructure, can run noden on their infrastructure, connect it to only tools that they connect it to only tools that they connect it to only tools that they approve and trust and even use local or approve and trust and even use local or approve and trust and even use local or self-hosted AI models instead of sending self-hosted AI models instead of sending self-hosted AI models instead of sending data to OpenAI or other closed source data to OpenAI or other closed source data to OpenAI or other closed source proprietary models. This gives true data proprietary models. This gives true data proprietary models. This gives true data sovereignty. The client chooses where sovereignty. The client chooses where sovereignty. The client chooses where the server lives, how it's secured, and the server lives, how it's secured, and the server lives, how it's secured, and who has access. So for privacy sensitive who has access. So for privacy sensitive who has access. So for privacy sensitive clients, this is a huge selling point. clients, this is a huge selling point. clients, this is a huge selling point. Instead of pushing sensitive data Instead of pushing sensitive data Instead of pushing sensitive data through random cloud services, you can through random cloud services, you can through random cloud services, you can run the entire automation engine inside run the entire automation engine inside run the entire automation engine inside their own locked room, whether that's on their own locked room, whether that's on their own locked room, whether that's on prem or inside a private VPS. And that's prem or inside a private VPS. And that's prem or inside a private VPS. And that's the foundation of security and data the foundation of security and data the foundation of security and data privacy. Your job is to build workflows privacy. Your job is to build workflows privacy. Your job is to build workflows that move data safely, keep sensitive that move data safely, keep sensitive that move data safely, keep sensitive information protected, and give clients information protected, and give clients information protected, and give clients confidence that nothing is leaking. And confidence that nothing is leaking. And confidence that nothing is leaking. And now that you understand the security now that you understand the security now that you understand the security side, the next section I'm going to walk side, the next section I'm going to walk side, the next section I'm going to walk you guys through is about API key you guys through is about API key you guys through is about API key management and billing because that's management and billing because that's management and billing because that's another area where I get a ton of another area where I get a ton of another area where I get a ton of questions. So, the main ones I get are questions. So, the main ones I get are questions. So, the main ones I get are who owns the API keys and who pays for who owns the API keys and who pays for who owns the API keys and who pays for the usage. And the cleanest answer I can the usage. And the cleanest answer I can the usage. And the cleanest answer I can give you is that the client should give you is that the client should give you is that the client should always pay for their own API keys and always pay for their own API keys and always pay for their own API keys and usage. This keeps everything usage. This keeps everything usage. This keeps everything transparent, predictable, and it avoids transparent, predictable, and it avoids transparent, predictable, and it avoids a lot of headaches later. So the ideal a lot of headaches later. So the ideal a lot of headaches later. So the ideal setup is having the client sign up for setup is having the client sign up for setup is having the client sign up for the tool themselves. Enter their billing the tool themselves. Enter their billing the tool themselves. Enter their billing information, generate the API key, and information, generate the API key, and information, generate the API key, and paste it directly into Ended. When you paste it directly into Ended. When you paste it directly into Ended. When you do it this way, the key never gets sent do it this way, the key never gets sent do it this way, the key never gets sent over the internet to you, and the client over the internet to you, and the client over the internet to you, and the client keeps full control over their account. keeps full control over their account. keeps full control over their account. They can see the usage, they can see the They can see the usage, they can see the They can see the usage, they can see the charges, they can turn it off if they charges, they can turn it off if they charges, they can turn it off if they want, and nothing about the automation want, and nothing about the automation want, and nothing about the automation is hidden from them. It's just a much is hidden from them. It's just a much is hidden from them. It's just a much cleaner working relationship. Now, the cleaner working relationship. Now, the cleaner working relationship. Now, the best way to do this, because like I best way to do this, because like I best way to do this, because like I said, you want to remove as much said, you want to remove as much said, you want to remove as much friction as possible, is to send them a friction as possible, is to send them a friction as possible, is to send them a Loom video walking them through exactly Loom video walking them through exactly Loom video walking them through exactly where to click and how to create that where to click and how to create that where to click and how to create that key and where to paste it into N. Just key and where to paste it into N. Just key and where to paste it into N. Just keep it dead simple for them. You could keep it dead simple for them. You could keep it dead simple for them. You could even walk them through it on a Zoom call even walk them through it on a Zoom call even walk them through it on a Zoom call if they prefer. Now, could you set up if they prefer. Now, could you set up if they prefer. Now, could you set up the API accounts on your side and then the API accounts on your side and then the API accounts on your side and then just build them later? Yes, you could. just build them later? Yes, you could. just build them later? Yes, you could. There's nothing about that is There's nothing about that is There's nothing about that is non-compliance, but it could create all non-compliance, but it could create all non-compliance, but it could create all kinds of problems because they don't see kinds of problems because they don't see kinds of problems because they don't see the usage. They don't understand where the usage. They don't understand where the usage. They don't understand where their money is going. And if you're their money is going. And if you're their money is going. And if you're marking up usage or you're charging a marking up usage or you're charging a marking up usage or you're charging a fixed rate, it can get confusing fast. fixed rate, it can get confusing fast. fixed rate, it can get confusing fast. As the automation scales or if something As the automation scales or if something As the automation scales or if something breaks or spikes, even if it does feel breaks or spikes, even if it does feel breaks or spikes, even if it does feel easier right in the moment because the easier right in the moment because the easier right in the moment because the client doesn't actually have to go do client doesn't actually have to go do client doesn't actually have to go do anything, it definitely in the long run anything, it definitely in the long run anything, it definitely in the long run can create more questions than answers. can create more questions than answers. can create more questions than answers. So, letting them own it and pay for it So, letting them own it and pay for it So, letting them own it and pay for it keeps everything clean. Now, if a client keeps everything clean. Now, if a client keeps everything clean. Now, if a client is intimidated by that process and wants is intimidated by that process and wants is intimidated by that process and wants you to handle the key directly, you you to handle the key directly, you you to handle the key directly, you still want to make sure you're still want to make sure you're still want to make sure you're transferring it securely. So, just send transferring it securely. So, just send transferring it securely. So, just send them over Slack, ClickUp, text, or them over Slack, ClickUp, text, or them over Slack, ClickUp, text, or email. Have them drop it into some sort email. Have them drop it into some sort email. Have them drop it into some sort of secure vault like a one password or of secure vault like a one password or of secure vault like a one password or any encrypted secret sharing tool where any encrypted secret sharing tool where any encrypted secret sharing tool where they can generate a onetime link. Then, they can generate a onetime link. Then, they can generate a onetime link. Then, you can copy that key into NADN yourself you can copy that key into NADN yourself you can copy that key into NADN yourself and that link can expire or something and that link can expire or something and that link can expire or something like that so that no one else could ever like that so that no one else could ever like that so that no one else could ever access that vault. As a small bonus access that vault. As a small bonus access that vault. As a small bonus feature, you could even think about feature, you could even think about feature, you could even think about offering them a dashboard that shows all offering them a dashboard that shows all offering them a dashboard that shows all their API keys and all the billing in their API keys and all the billing in their API keys and all the billing in one spot. That gives them visibility and one spot. That gives them visibility and one spot. That gives them visibility and it gives you credibility because you're it gives you credibility because you're it gives you credibility because you're helping them manage their system like a helping them manage their system like a helping them manage their system like a real piece of infrastructure. So the real piece of infrastructure. So the real piece of infrastructure. So the simple rule is clients own their API simple rule is clients own their API simple rule is clients own their API keys, clients pay for their usage and keys, clients pay for their usage and keys, clients pay for their usage and you make the process painless for them. you make the process painless for them. you make the process painless for them. This keeps everything clear, secure, and This keeps everything clear, secure, and This keeps everything clear, secure, and scalable as the automation stack grows scalable as the automation stack grows scalable as the automation stack grows and as your professional relationship and as your professional relationship and as your professional relationship matures. Now once all that's been matures. Now once all that's been matures. Now once all that's been decided and you're actually starting to decided and you're actually starting to decided and you're actually starting to think about handing over the project, think about handing over the project, think about handing over the project, you have to make sure that it's been you have to make sure that it's been you have to make sure that it's been fully tested in the right way before you fully tested in the right way before you fully tested in the right way before you actually send it over. If you're not actually send it over. If you're not actually send it over. If you're not careful, the workflow may have bugs that careful, the workflow may have bugs that careful, the workflow may have bugs that you didn't spot before and this can hurt you didn't spot before and this can hurt you didn't spot before and this can hurt your reputation and relationship with your reputation and relationship with your reputation and relationship with the client. So, the first step is the client. So, the first step is the client. So, the first step is planning your test data with the client. planning your test data with the client. planning your test data with the client. You don't want to test with madeup You don't want to test with madeup You don't want to test with madeup examples that have nothing to do with examples that have nothing to do with examples that have nothing to do with their business. So, early on, ask them their business. So, early on, ask them their business. So, early on, ask them for a small sample set that looks like for a small sample set that looks like for a small sample set that looks like real usage. I typically do this before real usage. I typically do this before real usage. I typically do this before we sign the contract so they know what we sign the contract so they know what we sign the contract so they know what is expected of them because if they is expected of them because if they is expected of them because if they delay getting you all that sample data, delay getting you all that sample data, delay getting you all that sample data, then it's going to delay your process as then it's going to delay your process as then it's going to delay your process as well. So, that could be emails, support well. So, that could be emails, support well. So, that could be emails, support tickets, transcripts, CRM records, tickets, transcripts, CRM records, tickets, transcripts, CRM records, whatever actually fits the workflow when whatever actually fits the workflow when whatever actually fits the workflow when it's in production. And of course, if it's in production. And of course, if it's in production. And of course, if needed, they can anonymize it. Then, you needed, they can anonymize it. Then, you needed, they can anonymize it. Then, you can agree on what success looks like and can agree on what success looks like and can agree on what success looks like and what is a good output and what must what is a good output and what must what is a good output and what must never happen. things like wrong tags, never happen. things like wrong tags, never happen. things like wrong tags, broken links, leaking info, or sending broken links, leaking info, or sending broken links, leaking info, or sending the wrong person the wrong message. So, the wrong person the wrong message. So, the wrong person the wrong message. So, you can explain it very simply. Before you can explain it very simply. Before you can explain it very simply. Before we go live, we're going to run your real we go live, we're going to run your real we go live, we're going to run your real examples through the system so that you examples through the system so that you examples through the system so that you can see exactly how it behaves. And then can see exactly how it behaves. And then can see exactly how it behaves. And then inside your own testing, you want to inside your own testing, you want to inside your own testing, you want to think less like a developer clicking in think less like a developer clicking in think less like a developer clicking in every node and looking at the every node and looking at the every node and looking at the configuration and think more like an configuration and think more like an configuration and think more like an engineer who's planning for failure. So, engineer who's planning for failure. So, engineer who's planning for failure. So, with automations, especially when they with automations, especially when they with automations, especially when they have AI, you have to accept that you have AI, you have to accept that you have AI, you have to accept that you don't know what you don't know. And once don't know what you don't know. And once don't know what you don't know. And once the system goes into production, real the system goes into production, real the system goes into production, real users and real data will always reveal users and real data will always reveal users and real data will always reveal edge cases that you didn't think about. edge cases that you didn't think about. edge cases that you didn't think about. So during testing, you should So during testing, you should So during testing, you should intentionally look for worst case intentionally look for worst case intentionally look for worst case scenarios and ask yourself what happens scenarios and ask yourself what happens scenarios and ask yourself what happens if this, what happens if that, bad data, if this, what happens if that, bad data, if this, what happens if that, bad data, no data, duplicate data, or even no data, duplicate data, or even no data, duplicate data, or even something completely unexpected. Instead something completely unexpected. Instead something completely unexpected. Instead of assuming the workflow will run of assuming the workflow will run of assuming the workflow will run smoothly forever, you want to build in smoothly forever, you want to build in smoothly forever, you want to build in guardrails. Maybe the workflow can time guardrails. Maybe the workflow can time guardrails. Maybe the workflow can time out gracefully so nothing happens. Maybe out gracefully so nothing happens. Maybe out gracefully so nothing happens. Maybe you set up an error workflow that alerts you set up an error workflow that alerts you set up an error workflow that alerts the team. Maybe you log all failures the team. Maybe you log all failures the team. Maybe you log all failures into a Google sheet so you can track into a Google sheet so you can track into a Google sheet so you can track patterns over time. The idea is not to patterns over time. The idea is not to patterns over time. The idea is not to eliminate every possible issue because eliminate every possible issue because eliminate every possible issue because you can't, but to make sure that when you can't, but to make sure that when you can't, but to make sure that when something does break, it breaks safely something does break, it breaks safely something does break, it breaks safely and quietly and in a way that gives you and quietly and in a way that gives you and quietly and in a way that gives you enough information to go fix it fast. So enough information to go fix it fast. So enough information to go fix it fast. So once that works, you step back and you once that works, you step back and you once that works, you step back and you treat the whole workflow like a black treat the whole workflow like a black treat the whole workflow like a black box. You feed in a lot of examples, not box. You feed in a lot of examples, not box. You feed in a lot of examples, not just one or two, ideally dozens or even just one or two, ideally dozens or even just one or two, ideally dozens or even hundreds of sample inputs if you can get hundreds of sample inputs if you can get hundreds of sample inputs if you can get them. And then for each one, you log them. And then for each one, you log them. And then for each one, you log what came in, what happened in the what came in, what happened in the what came in, what happened in the middle, and what the final output was. middle, and what the final output was. middle, and what the final output was. Then you compare those outputs to the Then you compare those outputs to the Then you compare those outputs to the success [music] criteria that you agreed success [music] criteria that you agreed success [music] criteria that you agreed on with the client. You flag the on with the client. You flag the on with the client. You flag the failures, the weird edge cases, and failures, the weird edge cases, and failures, the weird edge cases, and borderline results that you want to talk borderline results that you want to talk borderline results that you want to talk about with them. And this is your about with them. And this is your about with them. And this is your internal QA or quality assurance pass. internal QA or quality assurance pass. internal QA or quality assurance pass. The goal is to catch as much as possible The goal is to catch as much as possible The goal is to catch as much as possible before the client ever tries it. And I before the client ever tries it. And I before the client ever tries it. And I would do internal QA for at least a few would do internal QA for at least a few would do internal QA for at least a few days before having them get in there and days before having them get in there and days before having them get in there and provide any feedback. Now AI adds provide any feedback. Now AI adds provide any feedback. Now AI adds another layer on top of that because another layer on top of that because another layer on top of that because you're not just checking that the AI you're not just checking that the AI you're not just checking that the AI node runs. You're checking the quality node runs. You're checking the quality node runs. You're checking the quality of what it says. So for beginners, focus of what it says. So for beginners, focus of what it says. So for beginners, focus on a few simple checks like relevance on a few simple checks like relevance on a few simple checks like relevance and correctness. Does the answer and correctness. Does the answer and correctness. Does the answer actually respond to the request with actually respond to the request with actually respond to the request with accurate information? Another thing is accurate information? Another thing is accurate information? Another thing is tone and safety. It shouldn't be toxic, tone and safety. It shouldn't be toxic, tone and safety. It shouldn't be toxic, off-brand, or leaking hidden system off-brand, or leaking hidden system off-brand, or leaking hidden system prompts and private info. And then prompts and private info. And then prompts and private info. And then you've got the element of consistency. you've got the element of consistency. you've got the element of consistency. So, if you send in the same 10 inputs, So, if you send in the same 10 inputs, So, if you send in the same 10 inputs, are you getting roughly the same 10 are you getting roughly the same 10 are you getting roughly the same 10 answers every time? And behind the answers every time? And behind the answers every time? And behind the scenes, you can run simple AB tests and scenes, you can run simple AB tests and scenes, you can run simple AB tests and evaluations where you try different evaluations where you try different evaluations where you try different prompts and different models on the same prompts and different models on the same prompts and different models on the same data set and track which ones give you data set and track which ones give you data set and track which ones give you the best results. And to the client, you the best results. And to the client, you the best results. And to the client, you can phrase that like, "We tested several can phrase that like, "We tested several can phrase that like, "We tested several prompts and models on your real examples prompts and models on your real examples prompts and models on your real examples and kept the one that hit the highest and kept the one that hit the highest and kept the one that hit the highest quality and the most consistency. Here's quality and the most consistency. Here's quality and the most consistency. Here's the evaluation data we ran." And you the evaluation data we ran." And you the evaluation data we ran." And you could even use Eniden's built-in could even use Eniden's built-in could even use Eniden's built-in evaluation feature. Of course, you have evaluation feature. Of course, you have evaluation feature. Of course, you have to be able to actually show all that. to be able to actually show all that. to be able to actually show all that. So, that's where logging comes in. And So, that's where logging comes in. And So, that's where logging comes in. And logging is what makes all of this not logging is what makes all of this not logging is what makes all of this not feel like magic because I like to have feel like magic because I like to have feel like magic because I like to have my workflow store execution history in a my workflow store execution history in a my workflow store execution history in a Google sheet where it tracks all the Google sheet where it tracks all the Google sheet where it tracks all the inputs, all the outputs, the tool calls, inputs, all the outputs, the tool calls, inputs, all the outputs, the tool calls, the errors and tokens so that you can the errors and tokens so that you can the errors and tokens so that you can actually look through this log and you actually look through this log and you actually look through this log and you can identify patterns, common failure can identify patterns, common failure can identify patterns, common failure types, recurring bad inputs or weak types, recurring bad inputs or weak types, recurring bad inputs or weak spots in your prompt or model choice. spots in your prompt or model choice. spots in your prompt or model choice. That same log becomes your evidence when That same log becomes your evidence when That same log becomes your evidence when you talk to the client and you can show you talk to the client and you can show you talk to the client and you can show them what you tested and why you made them what you tested and why you made them what you tested and why you made certain decisions or improvements. And certain decisions or improvements. And certain decisions or improvements. And after you're happy internally with the after you're happy internally with the after you're happy internally with the system, you can move to the client-f system, you can move to the client-f system, you can move to the client-f facing QA where you give them a clear facing QA where you give them a clear facing QA where you give them a clear way to test the system. That might be a way to test the system. That might be a way to test the system. That might be a chat box or a form or a simple UI. Just chat box or a form or a simple UI. Just chat box or a form or a simple UI. Just make it simple. You don't want them to make it simple. You don't want them to make it simple. You don't want them to actually have to get into Nen and look actually have to get into Nen and look actually have to get into Nen and look at all of that mess. Then you ask them at all of that mess. Then you ask them at all of that mess. Then you ask them to tell you what they think about the to tell you what they think about the to tell you what they think about the system, about the outputs, the tone, the system, about the outputs, the tone, the system, about the outputs, the tone, the formatting, anything like that. And a formatting, anything like that. And a formatting, anything like that. And a lot of times at this point, if you did lot of times at this point, if you did lot of times at this point, if you did everything right, you will just be doing everything right, you will just be doing everything right, you will just be doing little prompt tuning and model tuning little prompt tuning and model tuning little prompt tuning and model tuning tweaks. And then to wrap up, you can tweaks. And then to wrap up, you can tweaks. And then to wrap up, you can record a short update video, show one or record a short update video, show one or record a short update video, show one or two full runs from the input to workflow two full runs from the input to workflow two full runs from the input to workflow to output, point to the logs, and to output, point to the logs, and to output, point to the logs, and explain how the system handled those explain how the system handled those explain how the system handled those real examples. And that is the kind of real examples. And that is the kind of real examples. And that is the kind of QA or quality assurance that builds QA or quality assurance that builds QA or quality assurance that builds trust and makes clients want to work trust and makes clients want to work trust and makes clients want to work with you again. Now, once you've tested with you again. Now, once you've tested with you again. Now, once you've tested the workflow successfully, it's time to the workflow successfully, it's time to the workflow successfully, it's time to start the handover process. This is the start the handover process. This is the start the handover process. This is the delivery phase and it looks a little delivery phase and it looks a little delivery phase and it looks a little different depending on your current different depending on your current different depending on your current situation. So, the first thing that situation. So, the first thing that situation. So, the first thing that could affect handover is whether or not could affect handover is whether or not could affect handover is whether or not you built the workflow directly in their you built the workflow directly in their you built the workflow directly in their environment because if you did, the environment because if you did, the environment because if you did, the handover is a lot easier because handover is a lot easier because handover is a lot easier because everything's already set up and their everything's already set up and their everything's already set up and their credentials and everything like that. credentials and everything like that. credentials and everything like that. But if you didn't, then you'll have a But if you didn't, then you'll have a But if you didn't, then you'll have a bigger transfer process where you bigger transfer process where you bigger transfer process where you actually help them move credentials and actually help them move credentials and actually help them move credentials and you have to recreate some of those you have to recreate some of those you have to recreate some of those connections. The second thing that can connections. The second thing that can connections. The second thing that can affect your handover is whether or not affect your handover is whether or not affect your handover is whether or not this is the end of the project or if this is the end of the project or if this is the end of the project or if you've already scoped out more work or you've already scoped out more work or you've already scoped out more work or some sort of ongoing maintenance some sort of ongoing maintenance some sort of ongoing maintenance retainer. If you're sticking around, you retainer. If you're sticking around, you retainer. If you're sticking around, you might keep some testing infrastructure might keep some testing infrastructure might keep some testing infrastructure in place, but if you're not, then your in place, but if you're not, then your in place, but if you're not, then your handover needs to be more final and handover needs to be more final and handover needs to be more final and complete. There are a few key steps you complete. There are a few key steps you complete. There are a few key steps you want to follow either way. First, you want to follow either way. First, you want to follow either way. First, you want to duplicate the workflow. So, keep want to duplicate the workflow. So, keep want to duplicate the workflow. So, keep one version somewhere as a backup or a one version somewhere as a backup or a one version somewhere as a backup or a testing version and then push the clean testing version and then push the clean testing version and then push the clean one into production. This is exactly how one into production. This is exactly how one into production. This is exactly how software teams work. You kind of have a software teams work. You kind of have a software teams work. You kind of have a test environment where you experiment test environment where you experiment test environment where you experiment and iterate and then you have a and iterate and then you have a and iterate and then you have a production environment where only a production environment where only a production environment where only a stable version lives. So anytime that stable version lives. So anytime that stable version lives. So anytime that you need to make changes or updates, you you need to make changes or updates, you you need to make changes or updates, you do that on the test version first. do that on the test version first. do that on the test version first. Confirm that everything still works and Confirm that everything still works and Confirm that everything still works and then you can move that version into then you can move that version into then you can move that version into production. And that same idea can apply production. And that same idea can apply production. And that same idea can apply to when Naden itself releases updates or to when Naden itself releases updates or to when Naden itself releases updates or when the tools or integrations change. when the tools or integrations change. when the tools or integrations change. You never want to just update your You never want to just update your You never want to just update your production environment blindly. You want production environment blindly. You want production environment blindly. You want to update the test setup first, load the to update the test setup first, load the to update the test setup first, load the workflow, make sure all the workflow, make sure all the workflow, make sure all the functionality is still intact. And then functionality is still intact. And then functionality is still intact. And then once you know it still behaves as it once you know it still behaves as it once you know it still behaves as it should, then you can update the version should, then you can update the version should, then you can update the version that the client would actually rely on. that the client would actually rely on. that the client would actually rely on. This avoids outages, broken automations, This avoids outages, broken automations, This avoids outages, broken automations, and a lot of unnecessary stress. On top and a lot of unnecessary stress. On top and a lot of unnecessary stress. On top of that, you always want to back up your of that, you always want to back up your of that, you always want to back up your workflows. So you can store the exported workflows. So you can store the exported workflows. So you can store the exported JSON on GitHub, Google Drive, or even a JSON on GitHub, Google Drive, or even a JSON on GitHub, Google Drive, or even a simple Google sheet. So you always have simple Google sheet. So you always have simple Google sheet. So you always have previous versions that you can revert to previous versions that you can revert to previous versions that you can revert to if needed. And if you want to go a step if needed. And if you want to go a step if needed. And if you want to go a step further, you can build an automated further, you can build an automated further, you can build an automated backup process using an itself so that backup process using an itself so that backup process using an itself so that it periodically exports and saves the it periodically exports and saves the it periodically exports and saves the workflows somewhere else. The next thing workflows somewhere else. The next thing workflows somewhere else. The next thing you want to do is about workflow you want to do is about workflow you want to do is about workflow hygiene. So you want to make sure that hygiene. So you want to make sure that hygiene. So you want to make sure that it's clean and easy to understand. Use it's clean and easy to understand. Use it's clean and easy to understand. Use clear naming in each step, label each clear naming in each step, label each clear naming in each step, label each step, have sticky notes around the step, have sticky notes around the step, have sticky notes around the workflow explaining what it's doing and workflow explaining what it's doing and workflow explaining what it's doing and why you built it that way. The goal is why you built it that way. The goal is why you built it that way. The goal is that anyone from their team or your team that anyone from their team or your team that anyone from their team or your team later on could open up that workflow or later on could open up that workflow or later on could open up that workflow or have a PDF of that workflow and see and have a PDF of that workflow and see and have a PDF of that workflow and see and understand the logic right away. You understand the logic right away. You understand the logic right away. You also want to double check that there are also want to double check that there are also want to double check that there are no sensitive keys or tokens anywhere in no sensitive keys or tokens anywhere in no sensitive keys or tokens anywhere in the workflow before you hand it over the workflow before you hand it over the workflow before you hand it over because you want a clean handoff where because you want a clean handoff where because you want a clean handoff where the client knows exactly where their API the client knows exactly where their API the client knows exactly where their API keys go and how to set them up on their keys go and how to set them up on their keys go and how to set them up on their own account. So in this set of own account. So in this set of own account. So in this set of deliverables, it could also have a Loom deliverables, it could also have a Loom deliverables, it could also have a Loom walkthrough where it's a quick 1 or 2 walkthrough where it's a quick 1 or 2 walkthrough where it's a quick 1 or 2 minute video where you show how the minute video where you show how the minute video where you show how the system works, how to configure it, and system works, how to configure it, and system works, how to configure it, and what to do if certain elements need what to do if certain elements need what to do if certain elements need updating because there's never one exact updating because there's never one exact updating because there's never one exact right solution for a process as far as right solution for a process as far as right solution for a process as far as like how to automate it. And everyone's like how to automate it. And everyone's like how to automate it. And everyone's brains work a little differently. So if brains work a little differently. So if brains work a little differently. So if you can explain to them what you were you can explain to them what you were you can explain to them what you were thinking when you built it, it's going thinking when you built it, it's going thinking when you built it, it's going to be really helpful. And whether this to be really helpful. And whether this to be really helpful. And whether this is the only project you're doing for is the only project you're doing for is the only project you're doing for them or if you're staying on retainer, them or if you're staying on retainer, them or if you're staying on retainer, good documentation is always valuable good documentation is always valuable good documentation is always valuable because like I said, if someone on their because like I said, if someone on their because like I said, if someone on their team later takes it over or if you bring team later takes it over or if you bring team later takes it over or if you bring in a developer later to help maintain in a developer later to help maintain in a developer later to help maintain the account, everything is super clear the account, everything is super clear the account, everything is super clear and no one has to guess what was built and no one has to guess what was built and no one has to guess what was built or why. And it really protects both or why. And it really protects both or why. And it really protects both sides because it helps the client feel sides because it helps the client feel sides because it helps the client feel supported and confident. And it helps supported and confident. And it helps supported and confident. And it helps you avoid being the bottleneck whenever you avoid being the bottleneck whenever you avoid being the bottleneck whenever something needs to change. And this is something needs to change. And this is something needs to change. And this is how you deliver workflows professionally how you deliver workflows professionally how you deliver workflows professionally and set yourself up for a long-term and set yourself up for a long-term and set yourself up for a long-term relationship instead of one-off relationship instead of one-off relationship instead of one-off projects. Now, this is the part that projects. Now, this is the part that projects. Now, this is the part that people never really discuss online, and people never really discuss online, and people never really discuss online, and that's the legal and financial side of that's the legal and financial side of that's the legal and financial side of things. After handing over the workflow, things. After handing over the workflow, things. After handing over the workflow, there are a few things you want to make there are a few things you want to make there are a few things you want to make sure are agreed on in advance. And the sure are agreed on in advance. And the sure are agreed on in advance. And the first one is billing. You want to be first one is billing. You want to be first one is billing. You want to be crystal clear on this. First, you close crystal clear on this. First, you close crystal clear on this. First, you close out the current project and get paid for out the current project and get paid for out the current project and get paid for what you just built. Then, you decide if what you just built. Then, you decide if what you just built. Then, you decide if there will be an ongoing paid there will be an ongoing paid there will be an ongoing paid relationship to keep everything healthy relationship to keep everything healthy relationship to keep everything healthy over time through a maintenance over time through a maintenance over time through a maintenance retainer. Before anything else, you want retainer. Before anything else, you want retainer. Before anything else, you want to revisit the scope of work that both to revisit the scope of work that both to revisit the scope of work that both of you guys agreed on at the start. Your of you guys agreed on at the start. Your of you guys agreed on at the start. Your contract or scope of work should already contract or scope of work should already contract or scope of work should already say what finished means, which workflows say what finished means, which workflows say what finished means, which workflows you promised to build, which systems you promised to build, which systems you promised to build, which systems they would connect to, what success they would connect to, what success they would connect to, what success looks like, essentially what the looks like, essentially what the looks like, essentially what the definition of done is. Because at definition of done is. Because at definition of done is. Because at handover, you want to walk through each handover, you want to walk through each handover, you want to walk through each item and confirm that everything works item and confirm that everything works item and confirm that everything works the way that you agreed. And once the the way that you agreed. And once the the way that you agreed. And once the client confirms that the project is client confirms that the project is client confirms that the project is complete, you send the final invoice. complete, you send the final invoice. complete, you send the final invoice. You can frame this as simple as the You can frame this as simple as the You can frame this as simple as the project ends when the agreed workflows project ends when the agreed workflows project ends when the agreed workflows are live, tested, documented, and are live, tested, documented, and are live, tested, documented, and accepted. And then the project invoice accepted. And then the project invoice accepted. And then the project invoice is due. The next piece is deciding if is due. The next piece is deciding if is due. The next piece is deciding if you want to offer a maintenance you want to offer a maintenance you want to offer a maintenance retainer. A retainer is a separate retainer. A retainer is a separate retainer. A retainer is a separate ongoing agreement where the client pays ongoing agreement where the client pays ongoing agreement where the client pays you to keep the system up and running. you to keep the system up and running. you to keep the system up and running. This usually covers things like bug This usually covers things like bug This usually covers things like bug fixes, small tweaks, updates, dependency fixes, small tweaks, updates, dependency fixes, small tweaks, updates, dependency changes, monitoring, and basic security changes, monitoring, and basic security changes, monitoring, and basic security checks. It does not cover new features, checks. It does not cover new features, checks. It does not cover new features, new workflows, or major scope changes. new workflows, or major scope changes. new workflows, or major scope changes. Those should be a separate project. You Those should be a separate project. You Those should be a separate project. You can also set basic service levels so can also set basic service levels so can also set basic service levels so clients know what to expect. For clients know what to expect. For clients know what to expect. For example, a critical outage might get a example, a critical outage might get a example, a critical outage might get a response within a few hours. Minor response within a few hours. Minor response within a few hours. Minor requests might be handled within a few requests might be handled within a few requests might be handled within a few days. These don't have to be days. These don't have to be days. These don't have to be complicated, but the expectations there complicated, but the expectations there complicated, but the expectations there should be clear. Now, you also want to should be clear. Now, you also want to should be clear. Now, you also want to get clarity on ownership and IP. Many get clarity on ownership and IP. Many get clarity on ownership and IP. Many consulting agreements say that the consulting agreements say that the consulting agreements say that the client owns the work product once paid, client owns the work product once paid, client owns the work product once paid, but you should still protect yourself so but you should still protect yourself so but you should still protect yourself so that you can keep the right to reuse that you can keep the right to reuse that you can keep the right to reuse generic patterns or components that are generic patterns or components that are generic patterns or components that are not specific to their business, such as, not specific to their business, such as, not specific to their business, such as, like I said, reusable tools or like I said, reusable tools or like I said, reusable tools or subworkflows or basic templates. It also subworkflows or basic templates. It also subworkflows or basic templates. It also helps to define the exit process. So, if helps to define the exit process. So, if helps to define the exit process. So, if the client ever wants to move away from the client ever wants to move away from the client ever wants to move away from your services, you should outline what your services, you should outline what your services, you should outline what you will hand over. This could include you will hand over. This could include you will hand over. This could include exported workflows, documentation, and exported workflows, documentation, and exported workflows, documentation, and handover call along with what is handover call along with what is handover call along with what is included and what is billable. So, a included and what is billable. So, a included and what is billable. So, a simple explanation of this is once the simple explanation of this is once the simple explanation of this is once the product is paid for, the client has the product is paid for, the client has the product is paid for, the client has the right to use and run these workflows in right to use and run these workflows in right to use and run these workflows in their business. If they later want to their business. If they later want to their business. If they later want to move providers, you will help handle move providers, you will help handle move providers, you will help handle everything off in a structured way. For everything off in a structured way. For everything off in a structured way. For beginners, the main thing is simple. beginners, the main thing is simple. beginners, the main thing is simple. Stop doing all of this informally. Put Stop doing all of this informally. Put Stop doing all of this informally. Put scope, definition of done, payment, scope, definition of done, payment, scope, definition of done, payment, maintenance, service levels, bugs versus maintenance, service levels, bugs versus maintenance, service levels, bugs versus changes, ownership, and exit terms into changes, ownership, and exit terms into changes, ownership, and exit terms into a clear written agreement. When both a clear written agreement. When both a clear written agreement. When both sides know what they are buying and what sides know what they are buying and what sides know what they are buying and what happens after going live, projects run happens after going live, projects run happens after going live, projects run smoother and you avoid miscommunication. smoother and you avoid miscommunication. smoother and you avoid miscommunication. So now that you know what to do in So now that you know what to do in So now that you know what to do in theory, let's take a look at a real life theory, let's take a look at a real life theory, let's take a look at a real life example of a workflow that I sold and example of a workflow that I sold and example of a workflow that I sold and the process I went through when handing the process I went through when handing the process I went through when handing it over. So this one was a personal it over. So this one was a personal it over. So this one was a personal assistant workflow and one of the first assistant workflow and one of the first assistant workflow and one of the first ones that I ever delivered and the ones that I ever delivered and the ones that I ever delivered and the client had never actually heard of N&amp; he client had never actually heard of N&amp; he client had never actually heard of N&amp; he just watched my YouTube video of the just watched my YouTube video of the just watched my YouTube video of the ultimate assistant and then reached out ultimate assistant and then reached out ultimate assistant and then reached out and said that he wanted something like and said that he wanted something like and said that he wanted something like that. So after discovery and after that. So after discovery and after that. So after discovery and after signing the contract, we got on a signing the contract, we got on a signing the contract, we got on a kickoff call and on that call I had all kickoff call and on that call I had all kickoff call and on that call I had all of these things that I needed from him of these things that I needed from him of these things that I needed from him which were listed out in sort of like which were listed out in sort of like which were listed out in sort of like our client expectations portion of the our client expectations portion of the our client expectations portion of the contract. So, I walked him through contract. So, I walked him through contract. So, I walked him through exactly what we needed to get and I exactly what we needed to get and I exactly what we needed to get and I helped him go get those API keys, sign helped him go get those API keys, sign helped him go get those API keys, sign up for an end account, things like that. up for an end account, things like that. up for an end account, things like that. And then I showed him how to invite me And then I showed him how to invite me And then I showed him how to invite me to that ended instance. Right there on to that ended instance. Right there on to that ended instance. Right there on the call, we connected his CRM, his the call, we connected his CRM, his the call, we connected his CRM, his calendar, his email, and the data calendar, his email, and the data calendar, his email, and the data sources that he wanted this assistant to sources that he wanted this assistant to sources that he wanted this assistant to be able to use. From there, I was able be able to use. From there, I was able be able to use. From there, I was able to just plug in a few of my own to just plug in a few of my own to just plug in a few of my own credentials for testing purposes [music] credentials for testing purposes [music] credentials for testing purposes [music] and then I could just hit the ground and then I could just hit the ground and then I could just hit the ground running. And the best part about this running. And the best part about this running. And the best part about this was at the end, a handover was almost was at the end, a handover was almost was at the end, a handover was almost instant because all I had to do was swap instant because all I had to do was swap instant because all I had to do was swap out a few of his credentials for mine out a few of his credentials for mine out a few of his credentials for mine and then he [music] could just start and then he [music] could just start and then he [music] could just start using it right away and giving me using it right away and giving me using it right away and giving me feedback. Now, with something like a feedback. Now, with something like a feedback. Now, with something like a personal assistant that is super personal assistant that is super personal assistant that is super autonomous, QA can be intense because autonomous, QA can be intense because autonomous, QA can be intense because it's super conversational and there's it's super conversational and there's it's super conversational and there's [music] lots of different tools that it [music] lots of different tools that it [music] lots of different tools that it could call. It's also client facing. It could call. It's also client facing. It could call. It's also client facing. It has memory. It has tone. It has lots of has memory. It has tone. It has lots of has memory. It has tone. It has lots of things that you need to actually make things that you need to actually make things that you need to actually make sure that the client is happy with. So, sure that the client is happy with. So, sure that the client is happy with. So, there was a lot of back and forth. There there was a lot of back and forth. There there was a lot of back and forth. There was a lot of tweaks, refinements, and was a lot of tweaks, refinements, and was a lot of tweaks, refinements, and specifically with the system prompt, and specifically with the system prompt, and specifically with the system prompt, and [music] that's completely normal. But [music] that's completely normal. But [music] that's completely normal. But throughout this process, he began asking throughout this process, he began asking throughout this process, he began asking for bigger features, new integrations. for bigger features, new integrations. for bigger features, new integrations. And at that point, I had to protect the And at that point, I had to protect the And at that point, I had to protect the scope because that's super important to scope because that's super important to scope because that's super important to make sure that we're not adding in all make sure that we're not adding in all make sure that we're not adding in all the stuff that you're not getting paid the stuff that you're not getting paid the stuff that you're not getting paid for. So I told him which of those for. So I told him which of those for. So I told him which of those requests would fit inside version one requests would fit inside version one requests would fit inside version one and which ones would need to be added to and which ones would need to be added to and which ones would need to be added to the backlog for a future phase. Then the backlog for a future phase. Then the backlog for a future phase. Then after version one was complete and after version one was complete and after version one was complete and accepted, we would scope out a new accepted, we would scope out a new accepted, we would scope out a new project around those extra features. So project around those extra features. So project around those extra features. So that alone saved me from doing a ton of that alone saved me from doing a ton of that alone saved me from doing a ton of unpaid work. And the final lesson here unpaid work. And the final lesson here unpaid work. And the final lesson here ties back to API keys. Early on, I used ties back to API keys. Early on, I used ties back to API keys. Early on, I used to try to make things easy for clients to try to make things easy for clients to try to make things easy for clients by running everything under my own by running everything under my own by running everything under my own billing and just sending them an invoice billing and just sending them an invoice billing and just sending them an invoice at the end of the month. Now it sounds at the end of the month. Now it sounds at the end of the month. Now it sounds nice in theory, but in reality, it gets nice in theory, but in reality, it gets nice in theory, but in reality, it gets messy fast. Like I mentioned earlier, messy fast. Like I mentioned earlier, messy fast. Like I mentioned earlier, clients want predictable costs and token clients want predictable costs and token clients want predictable costs and token usage is impossible to estimate usage is impossible to estimate usage is impossible to estimate perfectly. You also could deal with late perfectly. You also could deal with late perfectly. You also could deal with late invoices or confusion about what they're invoices or confusion about what they're invoices or confusion about what they're actually paying for. And it all just actually paying for. And it all just actually paying for. And it all just comes back to the same rule. It's so comes back to the same rule. It's so comes back to the same rule. It's so much cleaner and simpler and way more much cleaner and simpler and way more much cleaner and simpler and way more scalable if they own those accounts and scalable if they own those accounts and scalable if they own those accounts and their keys from the start. It makes the their keys from the start. It makes the their keys from the start. It makes the handover easier. It makes maintenance handover easier. It makes maintenance handover easier. It makes maintenance easier. And it keeps you out of the easier. And it keeps you out of the easier. And it keeps you out of the billing babysitter role. So hopefully billing babysitter role. So hopefully billing babysitter role. So hopefully seeing a real example gives you a better seeing a real example gives you a better seeing a real example gives you a better sense of how all the pieces come sense of how all the pieces come sense of how all the pieces come together in a live client project. This together in a live client project. This together in a live client project. This is how you build, host, test, handover, is how you build, host, test, handover, is how you build, host, test, handover, and maintain AI workflows without and maintain AI workflows without and maintain AI workflows without creating headaches for you or the creating headaches for you or the creating headaches for you or the client. So that's the full process. client. So that's the full process. client. So that's the full process. First, you decide where the workflow is First, you decide where the workflow is First, you decide where the workflow is going to live. I always recommend that going to live. I always recommend that going to live. I always recommend that clients self-host everything whether clients self-host everything whether clients self-host everything whether that's ended in cloud, a VPS or that's ended in cloud, a VPS or that's ended in cloud, a VPS or something local and you just help them something local and you just help them something local and you just help them configure it. Before you deliver configure it. Before you deliver configure it. Before you deliver anything, you make sure security and anything, you make sure security and anything, you make sure security and data privacy are handled the right way. data privacy are handled the right way. data privacy are handled the right way. Then you figure out who owns what with Then you figure out who owns what with Then you figure out who owns what with API keys and how those keys get into the API keys and how those keys get into the API keys and how those keys get into the system without creating a mess. After system without creating a mess. After system without creating a mess. After that, you run your testing and QA so you that, you run your testing and QA so you that, you run your testing and QA so you know that the workflow is reliable, know that the workflow is reliable, know that the workflow is reliable, safe, and producing the right outputs. safe, and producing the right outputs. safe, and producing the right outputs. Then you move into the actual handover, Then you move into the actual handover, Then you move into the actual handover, which is how you deliver the system, set which is how you deliver the system, set which is how you deliver the system, set expectations, and give them expectations, and give them expectations, and give them documentation. And finally, you close documentation. And finally, you close documentation. And finally, you close out the project on the legal and billing out the project on the legal and billing out the project on the legal and billing side and decide if there will be ongoing side and decide if there will be ongoing side and decide if there will be ongoing maintenance after go live. That's the maintenance after go live. That's the maintenance after go live. That's the full life cycle of building and full life cycle of building and full life cycle of building and delivering AI workflows the right way. delivering AI workflows the right way. delivering AI workflows the right way. So, I know that we covered a lot of So, I know that we covered a lot of So, I know that we covered a lot of information in this video. So, what I've information in this video. So, what I've information in this video. So, what I've done is I've thrown all of this into a done is I've thrown all of this into a done is I've thrown all of this into a full resource guide that you guys can full resource guide that you guys can full resource guide that you guys can access for completely free. All you have access for completely free. All you have access for completely free. All you have to do is join my free school community. to do is join my free school community. to do is join my free school community. The link for that is down in the The link for that is down in the The link for that is down in the description. If you enjoyed this one and description. If you enjoyed this one and description. If you enjoyed this one and you want to dive even deeper, then you want to dive even deeper, then you want to dive even deeper, then definitely check out my plus community. definitely check out my plus community. definitely check out my plus community. We've got over 3,000 members in there We've got over 3,000 members in there We've got over 3,000 members in there who are building businesses with NN who are building businesses with NN who are building businesses with NN every single day. So, it's a great every single day. So, it's a great every single day. So, it's a great environment to surround yourself with environment to surround yourself with environment to surround yourself with like-minded people. So, that's going to like-minded people. So, that's going to like-minded people. So, that's going to do it. If you learned something new, do it. If you learned something new, do it. If you learned something new, please give it a like and subscribe. It please give it a like and subscribe. It please give it a like and subscribe. It definitely helps me out a ton. And let definitely helps me out a ton. And let definitely helps me out a ton. And let me know what else you guys want to see me know what else you guys want to see me know what else you guys want to see in the comments. As always, I appreciate in the comments. As always, I appreciate in the comments. As always, I appreciate you guys making it to the end of the you guys making it to the end of the you guys making it to the end of the video. I'll see you in the next one. video. I'll see you in the next one. video. I'll see you in the next one. Thanks, everyone. Thanks, everyone. Thanks, everyone. If you guys are watching this, it means If you guys are watching this, it means If you guys are watching this, it means you made it to the end of the course. you made it to the end of the course. you made it to the end of the course. And I just want to say a huge thank you, And I just want to say a huge thank you, And I just want to say a huge thank you, but also congratulations. You just sat but also congratulations. You just sat but also congratulations. You just sat through so many hours of me talking. I'm through so many hours of me talking. I'm through so many hours of me talking. I'm sure you guys are sick of my voice. But sure you guys are sick of my voice. But sure you guys are sick of my voice. But like I said, I just wanted to say thank like I said, I just wanted to say thank like I said, I just wanted to say thank you. I put a lot of time and energy into you. I put a lot of time and energy into you. I put a lot of time and energy into this course, so I really hope that it this course, so I really hope that it this course, so I really hope that it was beneficial for you. So, if it was, I was beneficial for you. So, if it was, I was beneficial for you. So, if it was, I would really enjoy if you could leave a would really enjoy if you could leave a would really enjoy if you could leave a like, drop subscribe. That would mean a like, drop subscribe. That would mean a like, drop subscribe. That would mean a lot to me. And if you want to continue lot to me. And if you want to continue lot to me. And if you want to continue to support me, then definitely check out to support me, then definitely check out to support me, then definitely check out other resources. One of my biggest other resources. One of my biggest other resources. One of my biggest passions right now is AI Automation passions right now is AI Automation passions right now is AI Automation Society, as you can see by this Society, as you can see by this Society, as you can see by this sweatshirt that I've been wearing pretty sweatshirt that I've been wearing pretty sweatshirt that I've been wearing pretty much this entire course. You can check much this entire course. You can check much this entire course. You can check it out. The link for that is down in the it out. The link for that is down in the it out. The link for that is down in the description. It is my free community description. It is my free community description. It is my free community called AI Automation Society. And we've called AI Automation Society. And we've called AI Automation Society. And we've got hundreds of thousands of members. got hundreds of thousands of members. got hundreds of thousands of members. And my goal is just to make it a And my goal is just to make it a And my goal is just to make it a resource hub for people that want to resource hub for people that want to resource hub for people that want to learn AI, but also just like a really learn AI, but also just like a really learn AI, but also just like a really cool place for people to meet each cool place for people to meet each cool place for people to meet each other. and we're going to be doing some other. and we're going to be doing some other. and we're going to be doing some virtual events every quarter. We're virtual events every quarter. We're virtual events every quarter. We're going to be doing inerson events. So, going to be doing inerson events. So, going to be doing inerson events. So, that would be a great way to support me that would be a great way to support me that would be a great way to support me would be by becoming a member of AI would be by becoming a member of AI would be by becoming a member of AI Automation Society. And building on top Automation Society. And building on top Automation Society. And building on top of AI Automation Society, we also have a of AI Automation Society, we also have a of AI Automation Society, we also have a plus group. We're also going to have plus group. We're also going to have plus group. We're also going to have higher ticket tokate coaching coming higher ticket tokate coaching coming higher ticket tokate coaching coming out. So much more stuff is going to be out. So much more stuff is going to be out. So much more stuff is going to be coming in the AI Automation Society coming in the AI Automation Society coming in the AI Automation Society ecosystem, which I'm really pumped ecosystem, which I'm really pumped ecosystem, which I'm really pumped about. But that's my pitch. I appreciate about. But that's my pitch. I appreciate about. But that's my pitch. I appreciate you guys as always making it to the end you guys as always making it to the end you guys as always making it to the end of the video, and I'll see you on the of the video, and I'll see you on the of the video, and I'll see you on the next one. Thanks so much everyone.
