The latest VS Code release has dropped The latest VS Code release has dropped The latest VS Code release has dropped and I'm going to show you five of my and I'm going to show you five of my and I'm going to show you five of my favorite features that you can try right favorite features that you can try right favorite features that you can try right now. Let's go. now. Let's go. now. Let's go. I'm going to be adding a feature to this I'm going to be adding a feature to this I'm going to be adding a feature to this VS Code contributor website that Pierce, VS Code contributor website that Pierce, VS Code contributor website that Pierce, the VS Code product lead, created, which the VS Code product lead, created, which the VS Code product lead, created, which showcases community contributors by showcases community contributors by showcases community contributors by scraping release notes from the VS Code scraping release notes from the VS Code scraping release notes from the VS Code Docs repository. Docs repository. Docs repository. I want to add a top contributor I want to add a top contributor I want to add a top contributor spotlight to the site and there's some spotlight to the site and there's some spotlight to the site and there's some guidelines that I want the agent to guidelines that I want the agent to guidelines that I want the agent to follow when creating the design. So, we follow when creating the design. So, we follow when creating the design. So, we have this front-end design agent skill have this front-end design agent skill have this front-end design agent skill that helps guide the agent to create a that helps guide the agent to create a that helps guide the agent to create a design to our specifications and avoid design to our specifications and avoid design to our specifications and avoid AI slop. And now we can quickly AI slop. And now we can quickly AI slop. And now we can quickly reference this agent skill using a slash reference this agent skill using a slash reference this agent skill using a slash command in our prompt. command in our prompt. command in our prompt. So, along with slash front-end design, I So, along with slash front-end design, I So, along with slash front-end design, I will prompt you add a top contributor will prompt you add a top contributor will prompt you add a top contributor spotlight hero card with some details spotlight hero card with some details spotlight hero card with some details for the design and specify to open the for the design and specify to open the for the design and specify to open the web page when done and verify its web page when done and verify its web page when done and verify its changes. And this will automatically changes. And this will automatically changes. And this will automatically follow the instructions that are defined follow the instructions that are defined follow the instructions that are defined in our front-end design skill. in our front-end design skill. in our front-end design skill. Then we'll let the agent get to work. Then we'll let the agent get to work. Then we'll let the agent get to work. Now, often you send a prompt and think, Now, often you send a prompt and think, Now, often you send a prompt and think, "Oh wait, there are some more details I "Oh wait, there are some more details I "Oh wait, there are some more details I should add or some clarifications." Just should add or some clarifications." Just should add or some clarifications." Just like if you are having a conversation like if you are having a conversation like if you are having a conversation with someone. with someone. with someone. This is where the new message steering This is where the new message steering This is where the new message steering feature comes into play. While the agent feature comes into play. While the agent feature comes into play. While the agent is working, I can send a follow-up is working, I can send a follow-up is working, I can send a follow-up message like specifying more details on message like specifying more details on message like specifying more details on how I want this design to look with a how I want this design to look with a how I want this design to look with a fun shimmer animation. fun shimmer animation. fun shimmer animation. And the agent will take it into account And the agent will take it into account And the agent will take it into account mid-response. No more stopping the mid-response. No more stopping the mid-response. No more stopping the current chat or waiting for the agent to current chat or waiting for the agent to current chat or waiting for the agent to finish before providing those finish before providing those finish before providing those follow-ups. follow-ups. follow-ups. Now, as that finishes implementing those Now, as that finishes implementing those Now, as that finishes implementing those changes, you will notice that the new changes, you will notice that the new changes, you will notice that the new integrated browser immediately opens as integrated browser immediately opens as integrated browser immediately opens as I told the agent to open the web page I told the agent to open the web page I told the agent to open the web page and verify changes in my initial prompt. and verify changes in my initial prompt. and verify changes in my initial prompt. With this latest release, the integrated With this latest release, the integrated With this latest release, the integrated browser is so powerful, able to navigate browser is so powerful, able to navigate browser is so powerful, able to navigate to the page, verify the page content, to the page, verify the page content, to the page, verify the page content, and use other tools like clicking and use other tools like clicking and use other tools like clicking elements and running Playwright code elements and running Playwright code elements and running Playwright code autonomously. autonomously. autonomously. The next feature I want to show is the The next feature I want to show is the The next feature I want to show is the ability to fork conversations. I can ability to fork conversations. I can ability to fork conversations. I can type slash fork to create a new session type slash fork to create a new session type slash fork to create a new session with a full conversation history and with a full conversation history and with a full conversation history and explore an alternative design that's explore an alternative design that's explore an alternative design that's more minimal, for example. more minimal, for example. more minimal, for example. This is a great way to create a new This is a great way to create a new This is a great way to create a new branch of the conversation without branch of the conversation without branch of the conversation without losing the original context. losing the original context. losing the original context. The final feature I want to show is hook The final feature I want to show is hook The final feature I want to show is hook support. Hooks let you execute custom support. Hooks let you execute custom support. Hooks let you execute custom shell commands at key life cycle points shell commands at key life cycle points shell commands at key life cycle points in your agent sessions, so you can add in your agent sessions, so you can add in your agent sessions, so you can add automations directly into how you work automations directly into how you work automations directly into how you work with agents. with agents. with agents. Here's a great example that we have set Here's a great example that we have set Here's a great example that we have set up in this repo. A hook that fires on up in this repo. A hook that fires on up in this repo. A hook that fires on stop of an agent session and auto stop of an agent session and auto stop of an agent session and auto commits your pending changes. commits your pending changes. commits your pending changes. That means you do not have to worry That means you do not have to worry That means you do not have to worry about losing any of the work generated. about losing any of the work generated. about losing any of the work generated. Committing can be baked into your Committing can be baked into your Committing can be baked into your agentic flow. In just a couple of minutes, you saw me In just a couple of minutes, you saw me In just a couple of minutes, you saw me add a feature using an agent skill on add a feature using an agent skill on add a feature using an agent skill on demand, steer the agent's response demand, steer the agent's response demand, steer the agent's response mid-flight, verify the result in an mid-flight, verify the result in an mid-flight, verify the result in an integrated browser, fork the integrated browser, fork the integrated browser, fork the conversation, and auto commit my changes conversation, and auto commit my changes conversation, and auto commit my changes using a hook. And that's just the start using a hook. And that's just the start using a hook. And that's just the start of what's new in VS Code. Make sure to of what's new in VS Code. Make sure to of what's new in VS Code. Make sure to check out the full release notes to check out the full release notes to check out the full release notes to learn more. Happy coding.
