Hi, my name is Terrence and I'd like to Hi, my name is Terrence and I'd like to Hi, my name is Terrence and I'd like to show you um Cloud Desktop and how to show you um Cloud Desktop and how to show you um Cloud Desktop and how to connect to a database. So, Cloud Desktop connect to a database. So, Cloud Desktop connect to a database. So, Cloud Desktop on its own cannot connect to a database. on its own cannot connect to a database. on its own cannot connect to a database. Let's just ask it. Can Let's just ask it. Can Let's just ask it. Can Can you connect to a database? I don't have the ability. I don't have the ability. I don't have the ability. Great. Right. Even if you give it Great. Right. Even if you give it Great. Right. Even if you give it credentials like this, credentials like this, credentials like this, still can't walks you through a bunch of different walks you through a bunch of different walks you through a bunch of different ways to create connectors, right? But it ways to create connectors, right? But it ways to create connectors, right? But it cannot connect to a database. So um so cannot connect to a database. So um so cannot connect to a database. So um so I'll show you how Dream Factory and I'll show you how Dream Factory and I'll show you how Dream Factory and specifically our MCP server can um from specifically our MCP server can um from specifically our MCP server can um from the homepage I sp up this lab the homepage I sp up this lab the homepage I sp up this lab environment. This is just sample environment. This is just sample environment. This is just sample credentials that I think are gone. you credentials that I think are gone. you credentials that I think are gone. you know, know, know, they're they'll be gone in 24 hours. Um, they're they'll be gone in 24 hours. Um, they're they'll be gone in 24 hours. Um, but here's the Dream Factory instance. but here's the Dream Factory instance. but here's the Dream Factory instance. It spins up. I'm already logged in. I It spins up. I'm already logged in. I It spins up. I'm already logged in. I was in here earlier. Um, I connected to was in here earlier. Um, I connected to was in here earlier. Um, I connected to a database. You just come down here and a database. You just come down here and a database. You just come down here and you connect to uh my SQL. Enter all you connect to uh my SQL. Enter all you connect to uh my SQL. Enter all those credentials. Like I said, I've those credentials. Like I said, I've those credentials. Like I said, I've already done that. I called it YouTube. already done that. I called it YouTube. already done that. I called it YouTube. Uh, it's all right here. I also created Uh, it's all right here. I also created Uh, it's all right here. I also created a role against that service and I a role against that service and I a role against that service and I selected all resources although you can selected all resources although you can selected all resources although you can kind of narrow down to specific kind of narrow down to specific kind of narrow down to specific um tables or resources whatever and then um tables or resources whatever and then um tables or resources whatever and then uh specific access you want and you can uh specific access you want and you can uh specific access you want and you can add more here as needed and I created a add more here as needed and I created a add more here as needed and I created a key against that key against that key against that role. So now I have a functioning API. role. So now I have a functioning API. role. So now I have a functioning API. Um, here's the URL. And I showed you the key earlier. So the And I showed you the key earlier. So the And I showed you the key earlier. So the first step to do this is actually first step to do this is actually first step to do this is actually install the our MCP server locally. So I install the our MCP server locally. So I install the our MCP server locally. So I really like MCP.So. really like MCP.So. really like MCP.So. It's got all the stuff here. So you'd go It's got all the stuff here. So you'd go It's got all the stuff here. So you'd go to terminal. you would um and you'd to terminal. you would um and you'd to terminal. you would um and you'd install install install um you get clone that repo um you get clone that repo um you get clone that repo and then the dependencies and everything and then the dependencies and everything and then the dependencies and everything else. Um, else. Um, else. Um, then you go back to Claude then you go back to Claude then you go back to Claude and you would and you would and you would uh and you go into settings uh and you go into settings uh and you go into settings developer developer developer edit config here. Um, it's going to ask edit config here. Um, it's going to ask edit config here. Um, it's going to ask you it's going to highlight this JSON you it's going to highlight this JSON you it's going to highlight this JSON file for you to open. And this is where file for you to open. And this is where file for you to open. And this is where you add MCP servers. So, if I come back you add MCP servers. So, if I come back you add MCP servers. So, if I come back here, um um um I'm going to take this. I'm going to take this. I'm going to take this. I actually already have I have a a I actually already have I have a a I actually already have I have a a script that's written to my um script that's written to my um script that's written to my um my directory. my directory. my directory. And here it is. a little bit ugly, but And here it is. a little bit ugly, but And here it is. a little bit ugly, but um um um then I'm going to go back to here and then I'm going to go back to here and then I'm going to go back to here and I'm going to grab this URL from our demo I'm going to grab this URL from our demo I'm going to grab this URL from our demo server. Do not include this last slash. server. Do not include this last slash. server. Do not include this last slash. Took me like two days to troubleshoot Took me like two days to troubleshoot Took me like two days to troubleshoot that. that. that. Um fun. You clue the backslash. It will Um fun. You clue the backslash. It will Um fun. You clue the backslash. It will actually connect, but you won't be able actually connect, but you won't be able actually connect, but you won't be able to see any resources. Weird bug. I to see any resources. Weird bug. I to see any resources. Weird bug. I didn't experience that in um didn't experience that in um didn't experience that in um in cursor. So anyway, um it's early on, in cursor. So anyway, um it's early on, in cursor. So anyway, um it's early on, right? These are there's still a lot of right? These are there's still a lot of right? These are there's still a lot of this stuff is still kind of being this stuff is still kind of being this stuff is still kind of being fleshed out. So it just kind of comes fleshed out. So it just kind of comes fleshed out. So it just kind of comes with the territory. Um but that's why I with the territory. Um but that's why I with the territory. Um but that's why I wanted to share this because I think wanted to share this because I think wanted to share this because I think it's really cool. So I'm going to save it's really cool. So I'm going to save it's really cool. So I'm going to save this this this and close. I'm actually going to restart and close. I'm actually going to restart and close. I'm actually going to restart Claude. I'm going to just quit it and Claude. I'm going to just quit it and Claude. I'm going to just quit it and restart it. And here we are back into Claude, right? And here we are back into Claude, right? And here we are back into Claude, right? Looks the same. But now let's ask it. Looks the same. But now let's ask it. Looks the same. But now let's ask it. Can you connect Can you connect Can you connect to a database? I can connect to database. Look at that. I can connect to database. Look at that. I can connect to database. Look at that. That's cool, right? Um, and it's going That's cool, right? Um, and it's going That's cool, right? Um, and it's going to show me some of the tools and what I to show me some of the tools and what I to show me some of the tools and what I can do. can do. can do. Let's list tables. Okay. Okay. Okay. Um, Um, Um, so you see here you got you got access so you see here you got you got access so you see here you got you got access to everything. So give me a sample of to everything. So give me a sample of to everything. So give me a sample of the city the city the city table. Four seas in Afghanistan, six in the Four seas in Afghanistan, six in the Four seas in Afghanistan, six in the Netherlands. Netherlands. Netherlands. All sorts of information. Um, All sorts of information. Um, All sorts of information. Um, find me three Crazy facts find me three Crazy facts find me three Crazy facts from the city table. It's interesting error. Just something with the database Just something with the database Just something with the database formatting. doesn't like formatting. doesn't like formatting. doesn't like um that's kind of cool. I I've never even that's kind of cool. I I've never even that's kind of cool. I I've never even heard of Adamstown. heard of Adamstown. heard of Adamstown. Um, Vat Vatican City everyone can fit into Vat Vatican City everyone can fit into Vat Vatican City everyone can fit into it. Oh, only 455 actual residents. it. Oh, only 455 actual residents. it. Oh, only 455 actual residents. That's kind of cool. This seems suspect. That's kind of cool. This seems suspect. That's kind of cool. This seems suspect. Uh, double check that this is accurate. Oh, that's cool. I didn't know that. Oh, that's cool. I didn't know that. Oh, that's cool. I didn't know that. Uhhuh. Population of 35. That's wild. Well, Population of 35. That's wild. Well, Population of 35. That's wild. Well, anyway, you can see this is kind of anyway, you can see this is kind of anyway, you can see this is kind of cool. Um, and uh you can see here it can cool. Um, and uh you can see here it can cool. Um, and uh you can see here it can also search the internet, right? So, ton also search the internet, right? So, ton also search the internet, right? So, ton of really interesting capabilities that of really interesting capabilities that of really interesting capabilities that come with this. This is one of obviously come with this. This is one of obviously come with this. This is one of obviously a ton of different MCP servers that are a ton of different MCP servers that are a ton of different MCP servers that are out there. This is Dream Factory. Um, out there. This is Dream Factory. Um, out there. This is Dream Factory. Um, you can spin up a trial for free and you can spin up a trial for free and you can spin up a trial for free and play around with it. Connect to any play around with it. Connect to any play around with it. Connect to any database. Um, this is in our own uh this database. Um, this is in our own uh this database. Um, this is in our own uh this is in our Heroku environment, but you is in our Heroku environment, but you is in our Heroku environment, but you get your own container. So, it's secure. get your own container. So, it's secure. get your own container. So, it's secure. If you have any questions, you want to If you have any questions, you want to If you have any questions, you want to um kind of learn about some of our other um kind of learn about some of our other um kind of learn about some of our other other connectors and what you can do, other connectors and what you can do, other connectors and what you can do, you can do all sorts of crazy fun um you can do all sorts of crazy fun um you can do all sorts of crazy fun um custom stuff with our scripting engine. custom stuff with our scripting engine. custom stuff with our scripting engine. uh from a O perspective you can map to uh from a O perspective you can map to uh from a O perspective you can map to your existing O. So let it be your existing O. So let it be your existing O. So let it be OOTH, SAML, Octa, you name it. Um OOTH, SAML, Octa, you name it. Um OOTH, SAML, Octa, you name it. Um the world is your oyster. Tons of fun the world is your oyster. Tons of fun the world is your oyster. Tons of fun stuff you can do. Come talk to us if you stuff you can do. Come talk to us if you stuff you can do. Come talk to us if you are curious about learning more. Thanks. How do I turn this off? Gosh. How do I turn this off? Gosh. How do I turn this off? Gosh. Oh, there it is.
