It's 2:00 a.m. in the midnight. You got It's 2:00 a.m. in the midnight. You got It's 2:00 a.m. in the midnight. You got an alert saying that the bill has an alert saying that the bill has an alert saying that the bill has failed. And now you have to go back and failed. And now you have to go back and failed. And now you have to go back and look at 400 lines of look at 400 lines of look at 400 lines of build log file and see what went wrong build log file and see what went wrong build log file and see what went wrong with the CI pipeline. with the CI pipeline. with the CI pipeline. Does it sound familiar? Does it sound familiar? Does it sound familiar? This is one of the tasks that DevOps This is one of the tasks that DevOps This is one of the tasks that DevOps engineer used to do. Now, imagine engineer used to do. Now, imagine engineer used to do. Now, imagine instead of you digging into it, an AI instead of you digging into it, an AI instead of you digging into it, an AI agent will read through the log file, agent will read through the log file, agent will read through the log file, tell you exactly what went wrong in 30 tell you exactly what went wrong in 30 tell you exactly what went wrong in 30 seconds. That's not future. I'm going to seconds. That's not future. I'm going to seconds. That's not future. I'm going to show you that live working demo in this show you that live working demo in this show you that live working demo in this video. What up, folks? This is GK. video. What up, folks? This is GK. video. What up, folks? This is GK. Welcome back. If you are currently Welcome back. If you are currently Welcome back. If you are currently working in DevSecOps automation, SRE, working in DevSecOps automation, SRE, working in DevSecOps automation, SRE, and this video might completely change and this video might completely change and this video might completely change the way you look at automation. So, let the way you look at automation. So, let the way you look at automation. So, let me give you some context. So, me give you some context. So, me give you some context. So, traditionally, when you have built the traditionally, when you have built the traditionally, when you have built the CI/CD pipelines, either it is in GitHub CI/CD pipelines, either it is in GitHub CI/CD pipelines, either it is in GitHub Actions or Jenkins, Actions or Jenkins, Actions or Jenkins, every step is written by you or you you every step is written by you or you you every step is written by you or you you define the steps. Like step one, step define the steps. Like step one, step define the steps. Like step one, step two, or the build stages. two, or the build stages. two, or the build stages. And after you have defined it, when you And after you have defined it, when you And after you have defined it, when you run the pipeline, you get an output or run the pipeline, you get an output or run the pipeline, you get an output or you get the log file, you send a you get the log file, you send a you get the log file, you send a notification to the developer or an SRE notification to the developer or an SRE notification to the developer or an SRE engineer or a DevOps engineer. And then engineer or a DevOps engineer. And then engineer or a DevOps engineer. And then they would look into the log file and they would look into the log file and they would look into the log file and they try to identify the root cause, go they try to identify the root cause, go they try to identify the root cause, go to the code why it has caused and then to the code why it has caused and then to the code why it has caused and then fix it. So, this takes easily more than fix it. So, this takes easily more than fix it. So, this takes easily more than 30 minutes or 1 hour depending on the 30 minutes or 1 hour depending on the 30 minutes or 1 hour depending on the size of the log file or, you know, the size of the log file or, you know, the size of the log file or, you know, the complexity of the issue. So, I've been complexity of the issue. So, I've been complexity of the issue. So, I've been in this similar situation many times and in this similar situation many times and in this similar situation many times and now now now think about it like an enterprise scale, think about it like an enterprise scale, think about it like an enterprise scale, how many how many error files you would how many how many error files you would how many how many error files you would see or how many build logs uh you would see or how many build logs uh you would see or how many build logs uh you would get. If you multiply it by 2,000 get. If you multiply it by 2,000 get. If you multiply it by 2,000 applications or 3,000 applications or applications or 3,000 applications or applications or 3,000 applications or multiple business units. And this multiple business units. And this multiple business units. And this process is not scalable. If you do not process is not scalable. If you do not process is not scalable. If you do not read the build file properly or build read the build file properly or build read the build file properly or build log file properly, then you might miss log file properly, then you might miss log file properly, then you might miss the important things uh that you are the important things uh that you are the important things uh that you are supposed to fix in the code. And in this supposed to fix in the code. And in this supposed to fix in the code. And in this video, I'm going to show you exactly how video, I'm going to show you exactly how video, I'm going to show you exactly how it works. it works. it works. I'm going to show you how an agent would I'm going to show you how an agent would I'm going to show you how an agent would read the build log file, understands the read the build log file, understands the read the build log file, understands the issue, and then find the root cause in issue, and then find the root cause in issue, and then find the root cause in the code, and sends you a Slack message the code, and sends you a Slack message the code, and sends you a Slack message about um the issue in the build log about um the issue in the build log about um the issue in the build log file, and what is the fix in the code, file, and what is the fix in the code, file, and what is the fix in the code, and what are the next steps in less than and what are the next steps in less than and what are the next steps in less than 30 seconds. 30 seconds. 30 seconds. And it doesn't use any fancy code. It's And it doesn't use any fancy code. It's And it doesn't use any fancy code. It's just a simple Python script that talks just a simple Python script that talks just a simple Python script that talks to Cloud API, to Cloud API, to Cloud API, uh of course, using the tokens, and then uh of course, using the tokens, and then uh of course, using the tokens, and then gets the output back. And at the back it gets the output back. And at the back it gets the output back. And at the back it orchestrates using multiple tools and orchestrates using multiple tools and orchestrates using multiple tools and other things which we might go in in the other things which we might go in in the other things which we might go in in the future videos. But uh right now you just future videos. But uh right now you just future videos. But uh right now you just have um have um have um a workflow which talks to the Anthropic a workflow which talks to the Anthropic a workflow which talks to the Anthropic API, API, API, um and then analyze the build log file, um and then analyze the build log file, um and then analyze the build log file, and sends you a message about what went and sends you a message about what went and sends you a message about what went wrong and what is the potential fix uh wrong and what is the potential fix uh wrong and what is the potential fix uh to the to the build failure. All right, to the to the build failure. All right, to the to the build failure. All right, so let's look at the live demo now. I'm so let's look at the live demo now. I'm so let's look at the live demo now. I'm creating a simulated environment, sort creating a simulated environment, sort creating a simulated environment, sort of um how it works in GitHub Actions, of um how it works in GitHub Actions, of um how it works in GitHub Actions, but in a way that um you can simulate but in a way that um you can simulate but in a way that um you can simulate that in terminal with just three files. that in terminal with just three files. that in terminal with just three files. But if you want me to show you from But if you want me to show you from But if you want me to show you from GitHub Actions workflow, I can also show GitHub Actions workflow, I can also show GitHub Actions workflow, I can also show you, but let me know in the comment you, but let me know in the comment you, but let me know in the comment section if you want that to be the next section if you want that to be the next section if you want that to be the next next tutorial. So, basically the next tutorial. So, basically the next tutorial. So, basically the commands are pretty simple. I'm going to commands are pretty simple. I'm going to commands are pretty simple. I'm going to paste everything, read me file, paste everything, read me file, paste everything, read me file, description, the code, and everything in description, the code, and everything in description, the code, and everything in the GitHub repository, which you will the GitHub repository, which you will the GitHub repository, which you will find in the description. find in the description. find in the description. So, I have set up my Python. Everything So, I have set up my Python. Everything So, I have set up my Python. Everything is there in my WSL Windows. Um I'm going is there in my WSL Windows. Um I'm going is there in my WSL Windows. Um I'm going to run the env file. So, I have agent.py, which I'll open and So, I have agent.py, which I'll open and So, I have agent.py, which I'll open and show you, and requirements.txt to show you, and requirements.txt to show you, and requirements.txt to install the libraries, and uh a sample install the libraries, and uh a sample install the libraries, and uh a sample log file. log file. log file. Sample Sample Sample build.log file, which is a log file that build.log file, which is a log file that build.log file, which is a log file that you would get when your CI has failed. you would get when your CI has failed. you would get when your CI has failed. Similarly, I have some failures here. Similarly, I have some failures here. Similarly, I have some failures here. And then this is the actual code. I And then this is the actual code. I And then this is the actual code. I mean, this is just one Python file. In mean, this is just one Python file. In mean, this is just one Python file. In reality, you'll have entire source code reality, you'll have entire source code reality, you'll have entire source code uh where uh where uh where the cloud agent would access and try to the cloud agent would access and try to the cloud agent would access and try to fix the issue. Here we are trying to fix the issue. Here we are trying to fix the issue. Here we are trying to simulate that using the one Python file simulate that using the one Python file simulate that using the one Python file and then a build.log file. Okay, so the next step is to activate. All right, and um All right, and um All right, and um let me run this again. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Now you want to go to the cloud Now you want to go to the cloud Now you want to go to the cloud uh platform and go to the key section uh platform and go to the key section uh platform and go to the key section and generate a key. and generate a key. and generate a key. Again, for this Again, for this Again, for this you have to have some credits. I have you have to have some credits. I have you have to have some credits. I have $10 credits. $10 credits. $10 credits. And every time I mean I mean working And every time I mean I mean working And every time I mean I mean working something I mean working or every time something I mean working or every time something I mean working or every time the cloud um the cloud um the cloud um is looking at the build.log file to is looking at the build.log file to is looking at the build.log file to analysis to do analysis, it is going to analysis to do analysis, it is going to analysis to do analysis, it is going to cost some money. cost some money. cost some money. So I have created one key and so far it So I have created one key and so far it So I have created one key and so far it cost around 16 cents because of my um cost around 16 cents because of my um cost around 16 cents because of my um a demo practice things. a demo practice things. a demo practice things. So be mindful of that. If you really So be mindful of that. If you really So be mindful of that. If you really want to use cloud API, then you must want to use cloud API, then you must want to use cloud API, then you must have credits around $10 or something and have credits around $10 or something and have credits around $10 or something and then uh practice this tutorial. then uh practice this tutorial. then uh practice this tutorial. So I have created one key here. I'm So I have created one key here. I'm So I have created one key here. I'm going to export that key. You can look at the key if you want. I'm You can look at the key if you want. I'm You can look at the key if you want. I'm going to delete it anyways. going to delete it anyways. going to delete it anyways. So clear the screen. And now I'm going to run the agent. And now I'm going to run the agent. And now I'm going to run the agent. So if you want to quickly look at the So if you want to quickly look at the So if you want to quickly look at the agent file, to keep it very non-technical, what is to keep it very non-technical, what is to keep it very non-technical, what is happening in this code is we're calling happening in this code is we're calling happening in this code is we're calling the Claude API. the Claude API. the Claude API. And And And the Claude API the Claude API the Claude API is going to is going to is going to distribute this work distribute this work distribute this work to its workers, or also called as tools. to its workers, or also called as tools. to its workers, or also called as tools. So, each worker has one responsibility. So, each worker has one responsibility. So, each worker has one responsibility. Like, for example, in this demo we're Like, for example, in this demo we're Like, for example, in this demo we're using three tools. So, one tool is to using three tools. So, one tool is to using three tools. So, one tool is to read the log file, and the next tool is read the log file, and the next tool is read the log file, and the next tool is to go through the source code, and you to go through the source code, and you to go through the source code, and you know, look for the issue in the source know, look for the issue in the source know, look for the issue in the source code. Then, the third tool is to code. Then, the third tool is to code. Then, the third tool is to you know, send a Slack message. So, we you know, send a Slack message. So, we you know, send a Slack message. So, we we are we are doing three operations in we are we are doing three operations in we are we are doing three operations in this code. this code. this code. Um Um Um again, you going to see the whole code again, you going to see the whole code again, you going to see the whole code in the repo, and you can understand a in the repo, and you can understand a in the repo, and you can understand a bit more. bit more. bit more. This is the actual This is the actual This is the actual logic where it starts, and you can see logic where it starts, and you can see logic where it starts, and you can see the tool calls. I'm going to exit this, the tool calls. I'm going to exit this, the tool calls. I'm going to exit this, and then run this. So, agent is looking first thinking, and So, agent is looking first thinking, and So, agent is looking first thinking, and I'll help you diagnose the CI pipeline I'll help you diagnose the CI pipeline I'll help you diagnose the CI pipeline failure. Let me start reading the build failure. Let me start reading the build failure. Let me start reading the build log file to understand. log file to understand. log file to understand. It is reading the file. And then trying to understand what And then trying to understand what And then trying to understand what exactly happened. exactly happened. exactly happened. Checking the source code file here, Checking the source code file here, Checking the source code file here, which is payments.py. So, So, So, the actual code in the actual code, um the actual code in the actual code, um the actual code in the actual code, um in the actual build, uh in the actual build, uh in the actual build, uh there are a bunch of Python tests that there are a bunch of Python tests that there are a bunch of Python tests that ran, and one test failed. ran, and one test failed. ran, and one test failed. So, now it is trying to analyze So, now it is trying to analyze So, now it is trying to analyze what why what happened with the test, what why what happened with the test, what why what happened with the test, and why it got failed. and why it got failed. and why it got failed. So, after it has done the analysis, so So, after it has done the analysis, so So, after it has done the analysis, so it is completely it is completely it is completely autonomous agent. There is no man autonomous agent. There is no man autonomous agent. There is no man intervention, or intervention, or intervention, or uh you don't have to copy the build log uh you don't have to copy the build log uh you don't have to copy the build log file, and put it into a ChatGPT, or file, and put it into a ChatGPT, or file, and put it into a ChatGPT, or um a chatbot to understand what went um a chatbot to understand what went um a chatbot to understand what went wrong here. So, it is completely wrong here. So, it is completely wrong here. So, it is completely autonomous, and then trying to figure autonomous, and then trying to figure autonomous, and then trying to figure out what might have happened and what out what might have happened and what out what might have happened and what are the next steps. are the next steps. are the next steps. So, when it does that, uh it is going to So, when it does that, uh it is going to So, when it does that, uh it is going to summarize the issue. So, you can see summarize the issue. So, you can see summarize the issue. So, you can see that the test payment retry logic test that the test payment retry logic test that the test payment retry logic test is failing because the payment gateway is failing because the payment gateway is failing because the payment gateway has a timeout that's too short, 5 has a timeout that's too short, 5 has a timeout that's too short, 5 seconds. seconds. seconds. So, the payment gateway is timing out So, the payment gateway is timing out So, the payment gateway is timing out before completing before completing before completing um every after every three retry um every after every three retry um every after every three retry attempts. So, there are in fact retry attempts. So, there are in fact retry attempts. So, there are in fact retry attempts which the developer has attempts which the developer has attempts which the developer has written, but that is not sufficient written, but that is not sufficient written, but that is not sufficient because of the small timeout. So, it because of the small timeout. So, it because of the small timeout. So, it says that Again, this is the Slack says that Again, this is the Slack says that Again, this is the Slack message that message that message that you're going to get immediately after you're going to get immediately after you're going to get immediately after the failure with the suggestion the failure with the suggestion the failure with the suggestion increasing the default timeout from 3 increasing the default timeout from 3 increasing the default timeout from 3 seconds to 30 seconds. seconds to 30 seconds. seconds to 30 seconds. Now, if you think about it like Now, if you think about it like Now, if you think about it like you can also you can also you can also um make a tool call or you can also tell um make a tool call or you can also tell um make a tool call or you can also tell the agent to update this fix or create a the agent to update this fix or create a the agent to update this fix or create a pull request directly to the repo with pull request directly to the repo with pull request directly to the repo with the new change, and then you can review the new change, and then you can review the new change, and then you can review it, and you can have another agent to it, and you can have another agent to it, and you can have another agent to review it and do it. You can make that review it and do it. You can make that review it and do it. You can make that as well. So, it completely depends on as well. So, it completely depends on as well. So, it completely depends on the company to company how much of how the company to company how much of how the company to company how much of how much of AI agentic automation that they much of AI agentic automation that they much of AI agentic automation that they want to implement. So, this is a want to implement. So, this is a want to implement. So, this is a simulated scenario of simulated scenario of simulated scenario of what exactly is agentic DevOps, and one what exactly is agentic DevOps, and one what exactly is agentic DevOps, and one scenario where you can use AI agents scenario where you can use AI agents scenario where you can use AI agents to catch issues with your CI build log to catch issues with your CI build log to catch issues with your CI build log files. Same applies with the deployment files. Same applies with the deployment files. Same applies with the deployment log file as well or any any build or log file as well or any any build or log file as well or any any build or deployment.log file. What I would highly deployment.log file. What I would highly deployment.log file. What I would highly recommend to you all is um clone the recommend to you all is um clone the recommend to you all is um clone the source code which I'm going to show in source code which I'm going to show in source code which I'm going to show in the description, and I want you to try the description, and I want you to try the description, and I want you to try this at home, um and understand what this at home, um and understand what this at home, um and understand what what are the different tool calls what are the different tool calls what are the different tool calls that are happening in the background, that are happening in the background, that are happening in the background, and what is the system prompt that is and what is the system prompt that is and what is the system prompt that is there here. there here. there here. Uh what is the prominence of a system Uh what is the prominence of a system Uh what is the prominence of a system prompt, prompt, prompt, and uh play around with it. Now, if you and uh play around with it. Now, if you and uh play around with it. Now, if you want to try different scenarios, you can want to try different scenarios, you can want to try different scenarios, you can also try or let me know in the comment also try or let me know in the comment also try or let me know in the comment section if you want me to try any other section if you want me to try any other section if you want me to try any other scenario. That's all for this video. I scenario. That's all for this video. I scenario. That's all for this video. I hope you understood what is agentic hope you understood what is agentic hope you understood what is agentic DevOps, and try different scenarios at DevOps, and try different scenarios at DevOps, and try different scenarios at your home. your home. your home. Thanks again for watching. Bye.
