We built an AI agent using a Microsoft We built an AI agent using a Microsoft We built an AI agent using a Microsoft agent framework that builds a report of agent framework that builds a report of agent framework that builds a report of our last quarter results. Good job. But our last quarter results. Good job. But our last quarter results. Good job. But wait, is there a way to verify the wait, is there a way to verify the wait, is there a way to verify the agent's reasoning and thinking before it agent's reasoning and thinking before it agent's reasoning and thinking before it sends off that final email to your CEO? sends off that final email to your CEO? sends off that final email to your CEO? Of course there is. Of course there is. Of course there is. Let's take a look. Hello everyone and welcome back to my Hello everyone and welcome back to my Hello everyone and welcome back to my channel. My name is Kirk and of course channel. My name is Kirk and of course channel. My name is Kirk and of course this is a continuation of our series of this is a continuation of our series of this is a continuation of our series of tutorials on Microsoft agent framework. tutorials on Microsoft agent framework. tutorials on Microsoft agent framework. Now one of the important requirements of Now one of the important requirements of Now one of the important requirements of an agent is to make it a bit more an agent is to make it a bit more an agent is to make it a bit more interactive. For instance, before an interactive. For instance, before an interactive. For instance, before an agent takes that final step of sending agent takes that final step of sending agent takes that final step of sending off an email or sending off a tweet or off an email or sending off a tweet or off an email or sending off a tweet or a Slack message, whatever. Maybe we need a Slack message, whatever. Maybe we need a Slack message, whatever. Maybe we need to look at the agents reasoning and to look at the agents reasoning and to look at the agents reasoning and thinking and verify, is this correct? thinking and verify, is this correct? thinking and verify, is this correct? How do we do that? Well, let's take a How do we do that? Well, let's take a How do we do that? Well, let's take a look at human in the loop. look at human in the loop. look at human in the loop. We are back to our AI agent. We looked We are back to our AI agent. We looked We are back to our AI agent. We looked at how an agent will do, react, reason at how an agent will do, react, reason at how an agent will do, react, reason plus act. The LLM will think in a plus act. The LLM will think in a plus act. The LLM will think in a structured way to plan the next steps. structured way to plan the next steps. structured way to plan the next steps. This is called reasoning. Then the agent This is called reasoning. Then the agent This is called reasoning. Then the agent might act on its environment by using might act on its environment by using might act on its environment by using tools. But wait, what if we wanted a way tools. But wait, what if we wanted a way tools. But wait, what if we wanted a way to guide, verify, or correct an agent to guide, verify, or correct an agent to guide, verify, or correct an agent before it acts? Enter human in the loop. before it acts? Enter human in the loop. before it acts? Enter human in the loop. Human in the loop allows a user of an Human in the loop allows a user of an Human in the loop allows a user of an agent to review or approve the agents agent to review or approve the agents agent to review or approve the agents decisions before they are acted upon. decisions before they are acted upon. decisions before they are acted upon. For instance, in our example, we as a For instance, in our example, we as a For instance, in our example, we as a user of an agent want to approve before user of an agent want to approve before user of an agent want to approve before an agent sends an email so we can verify an agent sends an email so we can verify an agent sends an email so we can verify an agent's reasoning before it acts. an agent's reasoning before it acts. an agent's reasoning before it acts. Welcome back. Okay, the last tutorial on Welcome back. Okay, the last tutorial on Welcome back. Okay, the last tutorial on Microsoft Agent Framework, we looked at Microsoft Agent Framework, we looked at Microsoft Agent Framework, we looked at streaming. Remember we originally had a streaming. Remember we originally had a streaming. Remember we originally had a tool that didn't run with in streaming. tool that didn't run with in streaming. tool that didn't run with in streaming. It just ran agent.run. Now we're running It just ran agent.run. Now we're running It just ran agent.run. Now we're running it as a stream and we can see inside it as a stream and we can see inside it as a stream and we can see inside what is happening what the agent is what is happening what the agent is what is happening what the agent is doing. It's we have one tool. It's doing. It's we have one tool. It's doing. It's we have one tool. It's calling the tool and it's getting result calling the tool and it's getting result calling the tool and it's getting result and we can see that by looking at the and we can see that by looking at the and we can see that by looking at the stream stream stream here it is. So we can see there's a here it is. So we can see there's a here it is. So we can see there's a function call content here on the function call content here on the function call content here on the content type and we have a function content type and we have a function content type and we have a function result content. result content. result content. So remember that we get the function So remember that we get the function So remember that we get the function result content. result content. result content. Now we're going to look at human in the Now we're going to look at human in the Now we're going to look at human in the loop and how to do that. Okay. So what loop and how to do that. Okay. So what loop and how to do that. Okay. So what I'm going to do is take my agent with I'm going to do is take my agent with I'm going to do is take my agent with tools streaming file and I'm just going tools streaming file and I'm just going tools streaming file and I'm just going to copy it and to copy it and to copy it and rename this rename this rename this Let's rename it human in the loop. Let's rename it human in the loop. Let's rename it human in the loop. In the In the In the loop loop loop there. there. there. And now what we're going to do with this And now what we're going to do with this And now what we're going to do with this tool here, get weather. Now to make it tool here, get weather. Now to make it tool here, get weather. Now to make it with human in the loop, what we're going with human in the loop, what we're going with human in the loop, what we're going to do is we're going to use a decorator to do is we're going to use a decorator to do is we're going to use a decorator here. A decorator with the attribute with a A decorator with the attribute with a A decorator with the attribute with a parameter parameter parameter approval mode always require. That's all approval mode always require. That's all approval mode always require. That's all we need to do. And I didn't really talk we need to do. And I didn't really talk we need to do. And I didn't really talk about this decorator before, but we can about this decorator before, but we can about this decorator before, but we can use this decorator to pass in a name if use this decorator to pass in a name if use this decorator to pass in a name if we want to override the name and add a we want to override the name and add a we want to override the name and add a description instead of using the dock description instead of using the dock description instead of using the dock string here. Let's also remember to string here. Let's also remember to string here. Let's also remember to import this import this import this import import import AI function AI function AI function there. So, pretty much what it's saying there. So, pretty much what it's saying there. So, pretty much what it's saying is once we get to this tool call, we're is once we get to this tool call, we're is once we get to this tool call, we're going to need approval mode. So, let's going to need approval mode. So, let's going to need approval mode. So, let's try running that and let's see what try running that and let's see what try running that and let's see what happens. Okay, what happens? Let's look at the Okay, what happens? Let's look at the Okay, what happens? Let's look at the difference here. We're still streaming difference here. We're still streaming difference here. We're still streaming our results. And remember, this is the our results. And remember, this is the our results. And remember, this is the advantage of streaming is we can see advantage of streaming is we can see advantage of streaming is we can see what is actually going on. what is actually going on. what is actually going on. That's why I did that streaming lessons That's why I did that streaming lessons That's why I did that streaming lessons first. first. first. So we have function call content So we have function call content So we have function call content and our useless content and then all a and our useless content and then all a and our useless content and then all a sudden we're getting something called sudden we're getting something called sudden we're getting something called function approval request content where function approval request content where function approval request content where you're not getting what happened earlier you're not getting what happened earlier you're not getting what happened earlier with the function result content because with the function result content because with the function result content because now we need approval. So that's the now we need approval. So that's the now we need approval. So that's the basic of human in the loop. Now let's basic of human in the loop. Now let's basic of human in the loop. Now let's look at how we can continue. Okay, I look at how we can continue. Okay, I look at how we can continue. Okay, I know you already know this, but let's know you already know this, but let's know you already know this, but let's just run this again and we see what just run this again and we see what just run this again and we see what comes back here. The object type for comes back here. The object type for comes back here. The object type for update the last one and we have agent run response update. and we have agent run response update. and we have agent run response update. Remember remember when it's in streaming Remember remember when it's in streaming Remember remember when it's in streaming it's the update and when it's not in it's the update and when it's not in it's the update and when it's not in streaming it's agent run response. So I streaming it's agent run response. So I streaming it's agent run response. So I bring over some documentation here. Here bring over some documentation here. Here bring over some documentation here. Here is the agent run response update from is the agent run response update from is the agent run response update from Microsoft documentation on the agent Microsoft documentation on the agent Microsoft documentation on the agent framework. And let's just go down here framework. And let's just go down here framework. And let's just go down here and look at look at some of the and look at look at some of the and look at look at some of the attributes here. Scroll down. Scroll down. Scroll down. We have text and user input request. We have text and user input request. We have text and user input request. Okay, that's interesting. Okay, that's interesting. Okay, that's interesting. So, we have user input request. So, we have user input request. So, we have user input request. So let's take a look at that. Let's go So let's take a look at that. Let's go So let's take a look at that. Let's go back to the code and let's go and let's go and let's go let's also look at function approval let's also look at function approval let's also look at function approval request content. If we go to this class here, function If we go to this class here, function If we go to this class here, function approval request content, we can see approval request content, we can see approval request content, we can see that we have function call that we have function call that we have function call on here which is based on function call on here which is based on function call on here which is based on function call content which has name and arguments. Okay, so which has name and arguments. Okay, so which has name and arguments. Okay, so that's interesting. Let's go here and that's interesting. Let's go here and that's interesting. Let's go here and let's make a couple more updates. Okay, let's run this again. We don't Okay, let's run this again. We don't Okay, let's run this again. We don't need this now. need this now. need this now. And let's also look inside here cuz we And let's also look inside here cuz we And let's also look inside here cuz we know this and I need to actually import this. I and I need to actually import this. I and I need to actually import this. I should call function approval result should call function approval result should call function approval result content request content I should say. And we see And we see And we see both on the content type get weather and both on the content type get weather and both on the content type get weather and the arguments throttle get weather the arguments throttle get weather the arguments throttle get weather throttle. So we see where in for the throttle. So we see where in for the throttle. So we see where in for the human the loop the where it stopped was human the loop the where it stopped was human the loop the where it stopped was at that at that at that actual tool call forget weather which actual tool call forget weather which actual tool call forget weather which makes sense. And again, this is why we makes sense. And again, this is why we makes sense. And again, this is why we are running in streaming because we can are running in streaming because we can are running in streaming because we can actually see this. Now, how do we actually see this. Now, how do we actually see this. Now, how do we continue? Okay, to continue, let's continue? Okay, to continue, let's continue? Okay, to continue, let's create a message that we're going to create a message that we're going to create a message that we're going to pass into the agent again after we are pass into the agent again after we are pass into the agent again after we are at the state where we are waiting for at the state where we are waiting for at the state where we are waiting for approval. approval. approval. So in here again this is going to be So in here again this is going to be So in here again this is going to be more interactive and more interactive and more interactive and this is again the foundation of human in this is again the foundation of human in this is again the foundation of human in the loop the basics. This this should be the loop the basics. This this should be the loop the basics. This this should be more interactive more interactive more interactive and I will in the future show you how to and I will in the future show you how to and I will in the future show you how to make this interactive and we can pass in make this interactive and we can pass in make this interactive and we can pass in when we look at context how we can pass when we look at context how we can pass when we look at context how we can pass in parameters so the agent can act in a in parameters so the agent can act in a in parameters so the agent can act in a certain way based on where you stopped. certain way based on where you stopped. certain way based on where you stopped. But that's for the future. Let's get the But that's for the future. Let's get the But that's for the future. Let's get the basics down. I'm just saying user prov basics down. I'm just saying user prov basics down. I'm just saying user prov true. We're creating a chat message here true. We're creating a chat message here true. We're creating a chat message here with that message. And this we're going with that message. And this we're going with that message. And this we're going to pass into to pass into to pass into our agent. our agent. our agent. And I will just show you that And I will just show you that And I will just show you that we don't need to run it in streaming we don't need to run it in streaming we don't need to run it in streaming mode. So let's go back to how it was mode. So let's go back to how it was mode. So let's go back to how it was before. before. before. And let's import what we need to import And let's import what we need to import And let's import what we need to import here too. Um chat message and roll. I think that's it. So, let's look at I think that's it. So, let's look at I think that's it. So, let's look at this code again. We're going through. this code again. We're going through. this code again. We're going through. I'm just outputting the messages. Then I'm just outputting the messages. Then I'm just outputting the messages. Then we see we've stopped at the tool call we see we've stopped at the tool call we see we've stopped at the tool call forget weather. forget weather. forget weather. Then we're going to say you can continue Then we're going to say you can continue Then we're going to say you can continue create this chat message that we can create this chat message that we can create this chat message that we can pass in to the agent again. pass in to the agent again. pass in to the agent again. And And And then we can continue. then we can continue. then we can continue. Oops. I have to make this I just changed Oops. I have to make this I just changed Oops. I have to make this I just changed this to be the same message, but we're this to be the same message, but we're this to be the same message, but we're right on the same agent to gang. So I right on the same agent to gang. So I right on the same agent to gang. So I just passed in the same message that I just passed in the same message that I just passed in the same message that I had before. I think I had before. I think I had before. I think I had LA after instead of Toronto. I still had LA after instead of Toronto. I still had LA after instead of Toronto. I still have the World Series on my mind. Uh have the World Series on my mind. Uh have the World Series on my mind. Uh gang, I'm from Canada, so you have to gang, I'm from Canada, so you have to gang, I'm from Canada, so you have to forgive me or forgive the Blue Jays. forgive me or forgive the Blue Jays. forgive me or forgive the Blue Jays. Anyways, let's continue. Uh Anyways, let's continue. Uh Anyways, let's continue. Uh we're passing in the chat message saying we're passing in the chat message saying we're passing in the chat message saying we can approve. Let's run this again. Look at that. So we have Look at that. So we have Look at that. So we have the weather the weather the weather function call content. So now we get the function call content. So now we get the function call content. So now we get the function call function approve request. function call function approve request. function call function approve request. Oh yeah, and then we we're not streaming Oh yeah, and then we we're not streaming Oh yeah, and then we we're not streaming this. We get a final request, pass it this. We get a final request, pass it this. We get a final request, pass it in. We print that message, and we can in. We print that message, and we can in. We print that message, and we can see that the weather in Toronto is see that the weather in Toronto is see that the weather in Toronto is currently cloudy with a high of 15掳, currently cloudy with a high of 15掳, currently cloudy with a high of 15掳, which means it ran. Uh let's actually which means it ran. Uh let's actually which means it ran. Uh let's actually try this in streaming mode as well, just try this in streaming mode as well, just try this in streaming mode as well, just so you see that. so you see that. so you see that. Okay. So, what I've done here is I just Okay. So, what I've done here is I just Okay. So, what I've done here is I just made a change. I commented out this. made a change. I commented out this. made a change. I commented out this. This is where we're getting the final This is where we're getting the final This is where we're getting the final result and just running it. And now I'm result and just running it. And now I'm result and just running it. And now I'm running it as a stream. So, the final running it as a stream. So, the final running it as a stream. So, the final results. Let's see what comes back. What results. Let's see what comes back. What results. Let's see what comes back. What we're doing is we're passing in an array we're doing is we're passing in an array we're doing is we're passing in an array of course of the original prompt, of course of the original prompt, of course of the original prompt, the chat message, the saying we need the chat message, the saying we need the chat message, the saying we need user input, and the approval message. user input, and the approval message. user input, and the approval message. and let's see what comes back. So we see our original up here. So I So we see our original up here. So I So we see our original up here. So I have this delighted line here. We create have this delighted line here. We create have this delighted line here. We create the message the message the message saying we're stopped here. Now I pass in saying we're stopped here. Now I pass in saying we're stopped here. Now I pass in the user approval message the user approval message the user approval message and we see we get the tool call back and we see we get the tool call back and we see we get the tool call back with the response. So we had the weather with the response. So we had the weather with the response. So we had the weather in Toronto was currently cloudy, which in Toronto was currently cloudy, which in Toronto was currently cloudy, which of course is what our tool does. So we of course is what our tool does. So we of course is what our tool does. So we continued and that's that. So that's the continued and that's that. So that's the continued and that's that. So that's the basics of human in the loop with an basics of human in the loop with an basics of human in the loop with an agent. Again, it's not new. Most all agent. Again, it's not new. Most all agent. Again, it's not new. Most all agent frameworks have this, but we're agent frameworks have this, but we're agent frameworks have this, but we're starting with the basics. We're going to starting with the basics. We're going to starting with the basics. We're going to build up on this. When we have context, build up on this. When we have context, build up on this. When we have context, we can make this more interactive. we can make this more interactive. we can make this more interactive. But I want to make sure you understand But I want to make sure you understand But I want to make sure you understand this. Hope this helps. Okay, that's it this. Hope this helps. Okay, that's it this. Hope this helps. Okay, that's it for this week's tutorial on human in the for this week's tutorial on human in the for this week's tutorial on human in the loop. Remember, this is a series of loop. Remember, this is a series of loop. Remember, this is a series of tutorials on Microsoft Agent Framework. tutorials on Microsoft Agent Framework. tutorials on Microsoft Agent Framework. So, if you're not already subscribed, So, if you're not already subscribed, So, if you're not already subscribed, you probably want to subscribe so you you probably want to subscribe so you you probably want to subscribe so you don't miss out on other content. Until don't miss out on other content. Until don't miss out on other content. Until then, I will see you next time.
