So why do you need LLM observability? If So why do you need LLM observability? If So why do you need LLM observability? If you're building an AI agent chatbot or you're building an AI agent chatbot or you're building an AI agent chatbot or something like this, you must have heard something like this, you must have heard something like this, you must have heard about LLM observability and about open about LLM observability and about open about LLM observability and about open telemetry and the different ways to telemetry and the different ways to telemetry and the different ways to trace these agents. But why do you need trace these agents. But why do you need trace these agents. But why do you need that? So the main reason is that LLM that? So the main reason is that LLM that? So the main reason is that LLM applications are very different from applications are very different from applications are very different from normal software. In fact, they are kind normal software. In fact, they are kind normal software. In fact, they are kind of probabilistic software. LLM of probabilistic software. LLM of probabilistic software. LLM application are stoastic. They are application are stoastic. They are application are stoastic. They are nondeterministic and as a result, they nondeterministic and as a result, they nondeterministic and as a result, they are unreliable. Let's say you're are unreliable. Let's say you're are unreliable. Let's say you're building a customer support chatbot. You building a customer support chatbot. You building a customer support chatbot. You might have kind of asked, can I get might have kind of asked, can I get might have kind of asked, can I get reimbured? and the assistant would say reimbured? and the assistant would say reimbured? and the assistant would say unfortunately we don't offer unfortunately we don't offer unfortunately we don't offer reimbursement and that would be wrong reimbursement and that would be wrong reimbursement and that would be wrong with that case what should you do the with that case what should you do the with that case what should you do the first thing to do is actually to try to first thing to do is actually to try to first thing to do is actually to try to understand what went trunk was it the understand what went trunk was it the understand what went trunk was it the context from the documentation that was context from the documentation that was context from the documentation that was wrong to this agent was it the way we wrong to this agent was it the way we wrong to this agent was it the way we chunked the data basically that the chunked the data basically that the chunked the data basically that the chunk didn't have all the information is chunk didn't have all the information is chunk didn't have all the information is it so that the LLM hallucinated that we it so that the LLM hallucinated that we it so that the LLM hallucinated that we need to fix the prompt and how to do need to fix the prompt and how to do need to fix the prompt and how to do that I mean the best way to do it is to that I mean the best way to do it is to that I mean the best way to do it is to see the trace really a view about which see the trace really a view about which see the trace really a view about which function call all the function calls function call all the function calls function call all the function calls which inputs, which outputs and where which inputs, which outputs and where which inputs, which outputs and where exactly things went wrong. If you need exactly things went wrong. If you need exactly things went wrong. If you need to debug and you need to debug agents, to debug and you need to debug agents, to debug and you need to debug agents, you need observability. The second thing you need observability. The second thing you need observability. The second thing is that LLM also are stock as we said. is that LLM also are stock as we said. is that LLM also are stock as we said. So you might have tried and tested your So you might have tried and tested your So you might have tried and tested your agent with questions like can I get agent with questions like can I get agent with questions like can I get reimbursed in training like when working reimbursed in training like when working reimbursed in training like when working on the prompt and the chunking strategy on the prompt and the chunking strategy on the prompt and the chunking strategy and it worked fine. But now you're going and it worked fine. But now you're going and it worked fine. But now you're going to put it in production and you are to put it in production and you are to put it in production and you are going to get very very different going to get very very different going to get very very different requests from your user. you're going to requests from your user. you're going to requests from your user. you're going to get for example how do I get reimbured get for example how do I get reimbured get for example how do I get reimbured on a different account and the agent on a different account and the agent on a different account and the agent won't be able to fix these for this you won't be able to fix these for this you won't be able to fix these for this you need to build a data flywheel need to build a data flywheel need to build a data flywheel observability is also helpful so you observability is also helpful so you observability is also helpful so you need to look at the data that you're need to look at the data that you're need to look at the data that you're getting in production find cases where getting in production find cases where getting in production find cases where it's not working and then put these back it's not working and then put these back it's not working and then put these back into your test set and then improve the into your test set and then improve the into your test set and then improve the application so your application through application so your application through application so your application through lm observability can improve again and lm observability can improve again and lm observability can improve again and again iteratively that's actually the again iteratively that's actually the again iteratively that's actually the right way to build AI agents it's an right way to build AI agents it's an right way to build AI agents it's an iterative process you build the first iterative process you build the first iterative process you build the first version you put it in production you version you put it in production you version you put it in production you observe you see where it's going wrong observe you see where it's going wrong observe you see where it's going wrong and then you improve for a next and then you improve for a next and then you improve for a next iteration and now the last reason is iteration and now the last reason is iteration and now the last reason is because large language model cost a lot because large language model cost a lot because large language model cost a lot it's very different from software which it's very different from software which it's very different from software which has kind of constant cost lm scale with has kind of constant cost lm scale with has kind of constant cost lm scale with usage uh they different large language usage uh they different large language usage uh they different large language models have different costs different models have different costs different models have different costs different also kind of prompts or rag strategies also kind of prompts or rag strategies also kind of prompts or rag strategies can have different number of tokens and can have different number of tokens and can have different number of tokens and different costs which means you need a different costs which means you need a different costs which means you need a way to understand after putting your way to understand after putting your way to understand after putting your system production system production system production Which steps in my agent are costing me Which steps in my agent are costing me Which steps in my agent are costing me much? Where can I do optimization? Which much? Where can I do optimization? Which much? Where can I do optimization? Which users even are costing me a lot? How users even are costing me a lot? How users even are costing me a lot? How much are my prompts or different agents much are my prompts or different agents much are my prompts or different agents used? And what is the effect of the used? And what is the effect of the used? And what is the effect of the changes I made to my agent to both cost changes I made to my agent to both cost changes I made to my agent to both cost and latency? So these are actually the and latency? So these are actually the and latency? So these are actually the main reasons why you need LM main reasons why you need LM main reasons why you need LM observability. If you're looking for an observability. If you're looking for an observability. If you're looking for an LLM observability platform, we are LLM observability platform, we are LLM observability platform, we are building Agenta. It's an open source LLM building Agenta. It's an open source LLM building Agenta. It's an open source LLM ops platform that provides you with the ops platform that provides you with the ops platform that provides you with the whole workflow with the best practices whole workflow with the best practices whole workflow with the best practices to build reliable LLM powered to build reliable LLM powered to build reliable LLM powered application that is observability, application that is observability, application that is observability, prompt management, evaluation all in one prompt management, evaluation all in one prompt management, evaluation all in one place where the whole team developers place where the whole team developers place where the whole team developers and subject matter experts can iterate and subject matter experts can iterate and subject matter experts can iterate build something Great.
