You've probably seen the hype around You've probably seen the hype around You've probably seen the hype around voice AI, but most examples floating voice AI, but most examples floating voice AI, but most examples floating around aren't actually making anyone around aren't actually making anyone around aren't actually making anyone money. In this video, I'm going to show money. In this video, I'm going to show money. In this video, I'm going to show you the real AI voice agents businesses you the real AI voice agents businesses you the real AI voice agents businesses are paying $12,000 or more to build and are paying $12,000 or more to build and are paying $12,000 or more to build and have been using for over 2 years have been using for over 2 years have been using for over 2 years straight. Some of these agents we've straight. Some of these agents we've straight. Some of these agents we've sold, some we haven't, but I'll break sold, some we haven't, but I'll break sold, some we haven't, but I'll break down why each one matters and how much down why each one matters and how much down why each one matters and how much untapped opportunity still exists in untapped opportunity still exists in untapped opportunity still exists in this space. My name is Brendan Jawat. this space. My name is Brendan Jawat. this space. My name is Brendan Jawat. I'm located in Australia. I've been I'm located in Australia. I've been I'm located in Australia. I've been running my own AI automation agency, running my own AI automation agency, running my own AI automation agency, Inflate AI, for the past 3 years, Inflate AI, for the past 3 years, Inflate AI, for the past 3 years, hitting $30,000 months, mostly selling hitting $30,000 months, mostly selling hitting $30,000 months, mostly selling AI voice agents. If you want a clearer AI voice agents. If you want a clearer AI voice agents. If you want a clearer picture of where the voice AI market is picture of where the voice AI market is picture of where the voice AI market is actually heading, this video is for you. actually heading, this video is for you. actually heading, this video is for you. Make sure to stick around until the end Make sure to stick around until the end Make sure to stick around until the end because I'm also going to be revealing a because I'm also going to be revealing a because I'm also going to be revealing a use case I would highly recommend use case I would highly recommend use case I would highly recommend staying away from. I'll get started by staying away from. I'll get started by staying away from. I'll get started by splitting voice agents into two buckets. splitting voice agents into two buckets. splitting voice agents into two buckets. We have inbound and outbound. This means We have inbound and outbound. This means We have inbound and outbound. This means we have calls coming to the phone from we have calls coming to the phone from we have calls coming to the phone from customers and outbound where we are customers and outbound where we are customers and outbound where we are sending calls out to prospects. I'll get sending calls out to prospects. I'll get sending calls out to prospects. I'll get started by going through my top five use started by going through my top five use started by going through my top five use cases for inbound voice agents. Now, do cases for inbound voice agents. Now, do cases for inbound voice agents. Now, do combined together in a single agent, combined together in a single agent, combined together in a single agent, although I think it's still best to view although I think it's still best to view although I think it's still best to view these as separate systems. Coming in at these as separate systems. Coming in at these as separate systems. Coming in at number five, we have inbound sales number five, we have inbound sales number five, we have inbound sales agents. These are agents dedicated to agents. These are agents dedicated to agents. These are agents dedicated to helping sell a particular product or helping sell a particular product or helping sell a particular product or service. So, for example, you might call service. So, for example, you might call service. So, for example, you might call an insurance company and the agent will an insurance company and the agent will an insurance company and the agent will be trained on all of the packages and be trained on all of the packages and be trained on all of the packages and potential rebuttals and it will try and potential rebuttals and it will try and potential rebuttals and it will try and close the sale over the phone. Now, the close the sale over the phone. Now, the close the sale over the phone. Now, the reason I've got this at number five is reason I've got this at number five is reason I've got this at number five is that sales is incredibly difficult over that sales is incredibly difficult over that sales is incredibly difficult over the phone. It's certainly possible if the phone. It's certainly possible if the phone. It's certainly possible if the product is simple and isn't too big the product is simple and isn't too big the product is simple and isn't too big of a commitment for the prospect. But, of a commitment for the prospect. But, of a commitment for the prospect. But, we have found through our own clients we have found through our own clients we have found through our own clients that trying to sell to people and close that trying to sell to people and close that trying to sell to people and close them using these AI phone systems is them using these AI phone systems is them using these AI phone systems is usually not the best route to go first. usually not the best route to go first. usually not the best route to go first. What we have found to work better is What we have found to work better is What we have found to work better is handling the more general questions and handling the more general questions and handling the more general questions and transferring to a dedicated sales agent transferring to a dedicated sales agent transferring to a dedicated sales agent to close the deal. Once again, this to close the deal. Once again, this to close the deal. Once again, this heavily depends on the service and heavily depends on the service and heavily depends on the service and industry, but this really is important industry, but this really is important industry, but this really is important for you to understand. Now, I'm not for you to understand. Now, I'm not for you to understand. Now, I'm not saying that you can't do sales with AI saying that you can't do sales with AI saying that you can't do sales with AI at all, but try automating just the at all, but try automating just the at all, but try automating just the first few questions and work in stages. first few questions and work in stages. first few questions and work in stages. Coming in at number four, we have a Coming in at number four, we have a Coming in at number four, we have a customer support line. So, this is more customer support line. So, this is more customer support line. So, this is more commonly needed for e-commerce stores commonly needed for e-commerce stores commonly needed for e-commerce stores and BTOC businesses. Although, we have and BTOC businesses. Although, we have and BTOC businesses. Although, we have built customer support lines for built customer support lines for built customer support lines for company's internal use. To give you an company's internal use. To give you an company's internal use. To give you an example, we worked with an IT company example, we worked with an IT company example, we worked with an IT company that provided web services and they that provided web services and they that provided web services and they needed a way to assist their clients in needed a way to assist their clients in needed a way to assist their clients in an easier way. So, we set up an AI phone an easier way. So, we set up an AI phone an easier way. So, we set up an AI phone system to be used internally and all of system to be used internally and all of system to be used internally and all of their customers were redirected to our their customers were redirected to our their customers were redirected to our number which would help lodge support number which would help lodge support number which would help lodge support tickets, answer general questions, and tickets, answer general questions, and tickets, answer general questions, and help them also updating statuses in help them also updating statuses in help them also updating statuses in their CRM and more. This was a build their CRM and more. This was a build their CRM and more. This was a build that over time with adjustments cost that over time with adjustments cost that over time with adjustments cost over $15,000. over $15,000. over $15,000. This completely eliminated the need to This completely eliminated the need to This completely eliminated the need to answer every customer phone call and answer every customer phone call and answer every customer phone call and enabled staff members to focus on enabled staff members to focus on enabled staff members to focus on actually solving the critical tickets actually solving the critical tickets actually solving the critical tickets rather than lodging them. It's been rather than lodging them. It's been rather than lodging them. It's been running for almost a year. We've gone on running for almost a year. We've gone on running for almost a year. We've gone on to build additional projects for this to build additional projects for this to build additional projects for this client and it's safe to say the amount client and it's safe to say the amount client and it's safe to say the amount of time being saved here is easily well of time being saved here is easily well of time being saved here is easily well worth the cost. Coming in at number worth the cost. Coming in at number worth the cost. Coming in at number three, we have a lead qualification three, we have a lead qualification three, we have a lead qualification system. So, this is where you have a system. So, this is where you have a system. So, this is where you have a higher volume of leads coming through higher volume of leads coming through higher volume of leads coming through and you need to filter qualified and you need to filter qualified and you need to filter qualified prospects from those not qualified. This prospects from those not qualified. This prospects from those not qualified. This is definitely a great use case and one is definitely a great use case and one is definitely a great use case and one we've seen results from. Although it's we've seen results from. Although it's we've seen results from. Although it's important to understand how you approach important to understand how you approach important to understand how you approach it. For complex services where the it. For complex services where the it. For complex services where the qualification filter is incredibly qualification filter is incredibly qualification filter is incredibly detailed and the ideal customer profile detailed and the ideal customer profile detailed and the ideal customer profile is very specific, it can become is very specific, it can become is very specific, it can become difficult to ensure an accurate AI difficult to ensure an accurate AI difficult to ensure an accurate AI filter. The more information the AI filter. The more information the AI filter. The more information the AI needs to process, the harder it will be needs to process, the harder it will be needs to process, the harder it will be to make the right decision. So our to make the right decision. So our to make the right decision. So our recommendation is always at the start to recommendation is always at the start to recommendation is always at the start to ensure that this qualification filter is ensure that this qualification filter is ensure that this qualification filter is as simple as it can be. Now it doesn't as simple as it can be. Now it doesn't as simple as it can be. Now it doesn't always have to be this simple. This is always have to be this simple. This is always have to be this simple. This is just to get started with and you can add just to get started with and you can add just to get started with and you can add more later. We really just want to avoid more later. We really just want to avoid more later. We really just want to avoid losing a high percentage of qualified losing a high percentage of qualified losing a high percentage of qualified leads for our clients as this will be leads for our clients as this will be leads for our clients as this will be critical for them. In addition to critical for them. In addition to critical for them. In addition to ensuring the AI is accurate, we also ensuring the AI is accurate, we also ensuring the AI is accurate, we also want to ensure that we have a good want to ensure that we have a good want to ensure that we have a good customer experience over the phone. customer experience over the phone. customer experience over the phone. Nobody wants to continuously answer 50 Nobody wants to continuously answer 50 Nobody wants to continuously answer 50 questions in a row as they will likely questions in a row as they will likely questions in a row as they will likely hang up. By making the questions hang up. By making the questions hang up. By making the questions simpler, we can avoid this overall. It's simpler, we can avoid this overall. It's simpler, we can avoid this overall. It's a great use case. You just need to be a great use case. You just need to be a great use case. You just need to be cautious with it. Coming in at number cautious with it. Coming in at number cautious with it. Coming in at number two, we have the appointment booking two, we have the appointment booking two, we have the appointment booking system. This is easily one of the most system. This is easily one of the most system. This is easily one of the most requested systems we get at our agency. requested systems we get at our agency. requested systems we get at our agency. A prospect calls the phone, answers a A prospect calls the phone, answers a A prospect calls the phone, answers a couple questions, and gets booked into a couple questions, and gets booked into a couple questions, and gets booked into a time on the calendar. This use case is time on the calendar. This use case is time on the calendar. This use case is usually combined with the previous lead usually combined with the previous lead usually combined with the previous lead qualification system. If you are qualification system. If you are qualification system. If you are qualified, you get booked into the qualified, you get booked into the qualified, you get booked into the calendar. We've sold a lot of these calendar. We've sold a lot of these calendar. We've sold a lot of these appointment booking agents, ranging from appointment booking agents, ranging from appointment booking agents, ranging from $4 to $15,000 each. The difference in $4 to $15,000 each. The difference in $4 to $15,000 each. The difference in price mostly comes down to all of the price mostly comes down to all of the price mostly comes down to all of the other use cases combined into the agent, other use cases combined into the agent, other use cases combined into the agent, the lead qualification once again, but the lead qualification once again, but the lead qualification once again, but also the customer support and sales also the customer support and sales also the customer support and sales agents. An appointment booking agent is agents. An appointment booking agent is agents. An appointment booking agent is usually capable of asking when somebody usually capable of asking when somebody usually capable of asking when somebody would like to book, recommending the would like to book, recommending the would like to book, recommending the earliest times, cancelling appointments, earliest times, cancelling appointments, earliest times, cancelling appointments, or rescheduling as well. The big benefit or rescheduling as well. The big benefit or rescheduling as well. The big benefit here is fully automating the process of here is fully automating the process of here is fully automating the process of creating these events manually. A creating these events manually. A creating these events manually. A receptionist would usually have to receptionist would usually have to receptionist would usually have to collect these details over the phone, collect these details over the phone, collect these details over the phone, then manually create the event and then manually create the event and then manually create the event and invite the person. There's a lot of invite the person. There's a lot of invite the person. There's a lot of industries that benefit from this type industries that benefit from this type industries that benefit from this type of system in real estate, travel, of system in real estate, travel, of system in real estate, travel, medical, IT, and all the home services medical, IT, and all the home services medical, IT, and all the home services companies. Coming in at the number one companies. Coming in at the number one companies. Coming in at the number one spot is going to be the most simple use spot is going to be the most simple use spot is going to be the most simple use case of them all and what I would case of them all and what I would case of them all and what I would recommend for really any beginner to recommend for really any beginner to recommend for really any beginner to start with or for business owners that start with or for business owners that start with or for business owners that want to get started with AI automation want to get started with AI automation want to get started with AI automation but you don't want to fully automate but you don't want to fully automate but you don't want to fully automate everything right away. So this is the everything right away. So this is the everything right away. So this is the call routing and call triage agent. call routing and call triage agent. call routing and call triage agent. Essentially this is just an advanced IVR Essentially this is just an advanced IVR Essentially this is just an advanced IVR system. An IVR system is where you would system. An IVR system is where you would system. An IVR system is where you would press one for X department or two for Y press one for X department or two for Y press one for X department or two for Y department. This is where you provide department. This is where you provide department. This is where you provide your request and the AI itself decides your request and the AI itself decides your request and the AI itself decides who you need to speak with. If I ask a who you need to speak with. If I ask a who you need to speak with. If I ask a question about accounting services, I question about accounting services, I question about accounting services, I get redirected to the accounting team. get redirected to the accounting team. get redirected to the accounting team. If I ask a question about maintenance If I ask a question about maintenance If I ask a question about maintenance repairs, I get forwarded to the repairs, I get forwarded to the repairs, I get forwarded to the maintenance team. You get the point. maintenance team. You get the point. maintenance team. You get the point. This is just a lot better than the This is just a lot better than the This is just a lot better than the traditional IVR as we can just speak our traditional IVR as we can just speak our traditional IVR as we can just speak our requests and we don't have to decide who requests and we don't have to decide who requests and we don't have to decide who we need to speak with using a number. we need to speak with using a number. we need to speak with using a number. This reduces people going to the wrong This reduces people going to the wrong This reduces people going to the wrong department [music] as well. And it is department [music] as well. And it is department [music] as well. And it is just going to speed up the overall phone just going to speed up the overall phone just going to speed up the overall phone call. Now, we still can give the agent call. Now, we still can give the agent call. Now, we still can give the agent the ability to answer general questions, the ability to answer general questions, the ability to answer general questions, but the main goal is going to be but the main goal is going to be but the main goal is going to be forwarding the calls here. Obviously, we forwarding the calls here. Obviously, we forwarding the calls here. Obviously, we can't forward the calls 24/7. So, what can't forward the calls 24/7. So, what can't forward the calls 24/7. So, what we have done for our previous clients is we have done for our previous clients is we have done for our previous clients is set up automations to capture the set up automations to capture the set up automations to capture the request over the phone and send an email request over the phone and send an email request over the phone and send an email to that department member with some sort to that department member with some sort to that department member with some sort of an AI summary of that request so they of an AI summary of that request so they of an AI summary of that request so they can follow up in their own time. can follow up in their own time. can follow up in their own time. Overall, the big benefit is just Overall, the big benefit is just Overall, the big benefit is just building this lowrisk agent that still building this lowrisk agent that still building this lowrisk agent that still provides a lot of value for the business provides a lot of value for the business provides a lot of value for the business and obviously the prospects calling as and obviously the prospects calling as and obviously the prospects calling as well. Once again, if you are a beginner, well. Once again, if you are a beginner, well. Once again, if you are a beginner, this is just a great place to start and this is just a great place to start and this is just a great place to start and you can always build on top of this and you can always build on top of this and you can always build on top of this and then just charge your clients for then just charge your clients for then just charge your clients for additional features later. All right, so additional features later. All right, so additional features later. All right, so that is it for my top inbound use cases. that is it for my top inbound use cases. that is it for my top inbound use cases. Let's dive into outbound. I'm going to Let's dive into outbound. I'm going to Let's dive into outbound. I'm going to go through my top five and at the end go through my top five and at the end go through my top five and at the end I'm going to talk about a use case that I'm going to talk about a use case that I'm going to talk about a use case that I would highly recommend staying away I would highly recommend staying away I would highly recommend staying away from. So make sure to keep watching. If from. So make sure to keep watching. If from. So make sure to keep watching. If you're interested in scaling your own AI you're interested in scaling your own AI you're interested in scaling your own AI voice agency and becoming a better AI voice agency and becoming a better AI voice agency and becoming a better AI developer, we've just released our AI developer, we've just released our AI developer, we've just released our AI Launchpad school community. Inside Launchpad school community. Inside Launchpad school community. Inside you're going to get access to a complete you're going to get access to a complete you're going to get access to a complete a toz course on how to build AI voice a toz course on how to build AI voice a toz course on how to build AI voice agents alongside an A toz course on how agents alongside an A toz course on how agents alongside an A toz course on how to use NAND to build AI workflows and to use NAND to build AI workflows and to use NAND to build AI workflows and agents. We've also partnered with agents. We've also partnered with agents. We've also partnered with Bookedin, which is a voice and chat AI Bookedin, which is a voice and chat AI Bookedin, which is a voice and chat AI client dashboard software, which you'll client dashboard software, which you'll client dashboard software, which you'll get as a bonus within the community. get as a bonus within the community. get as a bonus within the community. We've got over $3 million in software We've got over $3 million in software We've got over $3 million in software discounts for some of the top AI and discounts for some of the top AI and discounts for some of the top AI and business tools, including NN, Make, business tools, including NN, Make, business tools, including NN, Make, Stripe, Web Flow, Lovable, and so much Stripe, Web Flow, Lovable, and so much Stripe, Web Flow, Lovable, and so much more. I guarantee you will make your more. I guarantee you will make your more. I guarantee you will make your money back in the first day using these money back in the first day using these money back in the first day using these discounts. Alongside all this, I've discounts. Alongside all this, I've discounts. Alongside all this, I've hired the top voice AI and automation hired the top voice AI and automation hired the top voice AI and automation developers to work in the community to developers to work in the community to developers to work in the community to provide unlimited technical support. So, provide unlimited technical support. So, provide unlimited technical support. So, if you ever have a question or problem if you ever have a question or problem if you ever have a question or problem you need solving, we'd love to help you you need solving, we'd love to help you you need solving, we'd love to help you out. I'll have the community linked in out. I'll have the community linked in out. I'll have the community linked in the description. All right, so coming in the description. All right, so coming in the description. All right, so coming in at number five, we have abandoned at number five, we have abandoned at number five, we have abandoned checkout follow-ups. This is usually in checkout follow-ups. This is usually in checkout follow-ups. This is usually in an e-commerce setting where someone has an e-commerce setting where someone has an e-commerce setting where someone has added an item to their cart and then added an item to their cart and then added an item to their cart and then just simply abandon it. This AI will just simply abandon it. This AI will just simply abandon it. This AI will call them right away and ask them if call them right away and ask them if call them right away and ask them if they are still interested and they are still interested and they are still interested and potentially offer a discount to get the potentially offer a discount to get the potentially offer a discount to get the sale over the line. Now, we haven't sale over the line. Now, we haven't sale over the line. Now, we haven't honestly sold this particular system. We honestly sold this particular system. We honestly sold this particular system. We just haven't had many requests for it. just haven't had many requests for it. just haven't had many requests for it. Although, I do still think it's an Although, I do still think it's an Although, I do still think it's an incredible use case. Chances are that incredible use case. Chances are that incredible use case. Chances are that these stores don't have someone these stores don't have someone these stores don't have someone constantly watching who is adding items constantly watching who is adding items constantly watching who is adding items to their cart or not and then manually to their cart or not and then manually to their cart or not and then manually calling them right away. That would just calling them right away. That would just calling them right away. That would just be a really painful task to do without be a really painful task to do without be a really painful task to do without automation. We're able to connect into automation. We're able to connect into automation. We're able to connect into the Shopify store itself and the Shopify store itself and the Shopify store itself and automatically watch the users's actions automatically watch the users's actions automatically watch the users's actions and once it's been a certain amount of and once it's been a certain amount of and once it's been a certain amount of time later, we can have the AI call them time later, we can have the AI call them time later, we can have the AI call them right away. So, the main benefit here is right away. So, the main benefit here is right away. So, the main benefit here is that we're going to be giving the that we're going to be giving the that we're going to be giving the business and an additional capability business and an additional capability business and an additional capability that they didn't have before and it that they didn't have before and it that they didn't have before and it directly drives new revenue. You'll just directly drives new revenue. You'll just directly drives new revenue. You'll just need to make sure that consent is need to make sure that consent is need to make sure that consent is captured in the checkout and then you captured in the checkout and then you captured in the checkout and then you can send out these calls. For number can send out these calls. For number can send out these calls. For number four, we have invoice reminder calls. four, we have invoice reminder calls. four, we have invoice reminder calls. This is very similar to the previous This is very similar to the previous This is very similar to the previous system. We're just reminding clients system. We're just reminding clients system. We're just reminding clients about payments rather than products. A about payments rather than products. A about payments rather than products. A lot of businesses do do this manually, lot of businesses do do this manually, lot of businesses do do this manually, although you can imagine it's not for although you can imagine it's not for although you can imagine it's not for all invoices, just the main ones that all invoices, just the main ones that all invoices, just the main ones that are probably well overdue. This system are probably well overdue. This system are probably well overdue. This system can be set up to call clients exactly can be set up to call clients exactly can be set up to call clients exactly when they are due or just before it. when they are due or just before it. when they are due or just before it. This gives a lot of peace of mind to the This gives a lot of peace of mind to the This gives a lot of peace of mind to the business, saving time for admin staff business, saving time for admin staff business, saving time for admin staff not having to chase them and will not having to chase them and will not having to chase them and will increase the amount of cash collected increase the amount of cash collected increase the amount of cash collected earlier, helping with cash flow. Like earlier, helping with cash flow. Like earlier, helping with cash flow. Like the other systems, this can be combined the other systems, this can be combined the other systems, this can be combined with other use cases like customer with other use cases like customer with other use cases like customer support and sales agents. It's possible support and sales agents. It's possible support and sales agents. It's possible that clients will have questions at the that clients will have questions at the that clients will have questions at the time, and if we can answer them, we time, and if we can answer them, we time, and if we can answer them, we might as well. For number three, we have might as well. For number three, we have might as well. For number three, we have appointment reminders. A use case we've appointment reminders. A use case we've appointment reminders. A use case we've sold quite a few times and always see sold quite a few times and always see sold quite a few times and always see immediate value from. As you can assume, immediate value from. As you can assume, immediate value from. As you can assume, it's similar to the other agents, but it's similar to the other agents, but it's similar to the other agents, but just reminds people to attend their just reminds people to attend their just reminds people to attend their appointments. This just helps to appointments. This just helps to appointments. This just helps to increase the shop rates. This can be increase the shop rates. This can be increase the shop rates. This can be combined with the inbound appointment combined with the inbound appointment combined with the inbound appointment booking agent as well. Common that booking agent as well. Common that booking agent as well. Common that somebody will want to reschedule or somebody will want to reschedule or somebody will want to reschedule or cancel their appointment from these cancel their appointment from these cancel their appointment from these calls. So, make sure to include these calls. So, make sure to include these calls. So, make sure to include these features. We've sold this exact use case features. We've sold this exact use case features. We've sold this exact use case for roughly $4 to $6,000 as it is on the for roughly $4 to $6,000 as it is on the for roughly $4 to $6,000 as it is on the simpler side. As always, you can add simpler side. As always, you can add simpler side. As always, you can add more use cases to the same agent and more use cases to the same agent and more use cases to the same agent and charge more for greater impact. For charge more for greater impact. For charge more for greater impact. For number two, we have the lead number two, we have the lead number two, we have the lead reactivation use case. This is where we reactivation use case. This is where we reactivation use case. This is where we take an existing company's lead list and take an existing company's lead list and take an existing company's lead list and call them up to see if they are still call them up to see if they are still call them up to see if they are still interested in those services. For interested in those services. For interested in those services. For example, we might call a roof cleaner example, we might call a roof cleaner example, we might call a roof cleaner lead list to see if any previous clients lead list to see if any previous clients lead list to see if any previous clients need their roof cleaned again. Once need their roof cleaned again. Once need their roof cleaned again. Once again, it's important that these again, it's important that these again, it's important that these businesses have collected consent businesses have collected consent businesses have collected consent previously to be able to send these previously to be able to send these previously to be able to send these calls as they are considered marketing. calls as they are considered marketing. calls as they are considered marketing. This, if positioned correctly, can be This, if positioned correctly, can be This, if positioned correctly, can be one of the most impactful use cases for one of the most impactful use cases for one of the most impactful use cases for voice agents. Chances are these voice agents. Chances are these voice agents. Chances are these businesses do not have somebody businesses do not have somebody businesses do not have somebody constantly calling these leads, and if constantly calling these leads, and if constantly calling these leads, and if they do, they won't be able to get they do, they won't be able to get they do, they won't be able to get through the list as quickly as an AI. through the list as quickly as an AI. through the list as quickly as an AI. The main value proposition here is that The main value proposition here is that The main value proposition here is that we can call through thousands of people we can call through thousands of people we can call through thousands of people in a couple days and have that calendar in a couple days and have that calendar in a couple days and have that calendar fully booked. Given that we're fully booked. Given that we're fully booked. Given that we're generating direct results from the generating direct results from the generating direct results from the booking, we can charge on a per result booking, we can charge on a per result booking, we can charge on a per result basis. For example, we might say that basis. For example, we might say that basis. For example, we might say that for every booking we get, we want a for every booking we get, we want a for every booking we get, we want a percentage of the sale or just a flat percentage of the sale or just a flat percentage of the sale or just a flat rate amount, $100 for example. This way, rate amount, $100 for example. This way, rate amount, $100 for example. This way, we are now incentivized to ensure that we are now incentivized to ensure that we are now incentivized to ensure that we get the best results possible for our we get the best results possible for our we get the best results possible for our client. Otherwise, you can just charge a client. Otherwise, you can just charge a client. Otherwise, you can just charge a flat rate setup fee, which we've done flat rate setup fee, which we've done flat rate setup fee, which we've done before for over $12,000 on this exact before for over $12,000 on this exact before for over $12,000 on this exact use case. Now for number one and one of use case. Now for number one and one of use case. Now for number one and one of my personal favorite use cases, we have my personal favorite use cases, we have my personal favorite use cases, we have the speedtolead agent. This is where a the speedtolead agent. This is where a the speedtolead agent. This is where a lead comes from some kind of an inbound lead comes from some kind of an inbound lead comes from some kind of an inbound source like a website form or Facebook source like a website form or Facebook source like a website form or Facebook ad form and we set up the voice agent to ad form and we set up the voice agent to ad form and we set up the voice agent to instantly call them to qualify their instantly call them to qualify their instantly call them to qualify their needs and book them into an appointment. needs and book them into an appointment. needs and book them into an appointment. The main benefit here is that we are The main benefit here is that we are The main benefit here is that we are adding additional capabilities to the adding additional capabilities to the adding additional capabilities to the business as it would be very difficult business as it would be very difficult business as it would be very difficult for any human to monitor all of these for any human to monitor all of these for any human to monitor all of these leads coming through and then call them leads coming through and then call them leads coming through and then call them instantly as they've reached out. And so instantly as they've reached out. And so instantly as they've reached out. And so we've built this exact system for a we've built this exact system for a we've built this exact system for a luxury travel company that was running luxury travel company that was running luxury travel company that was running Facebook ads and was receiving a lot of Facebook ads and was receiving a lot of Facebook ads and was receiving a lot of leads every day. After installing the leads every day. After installing the leads every day. After installing the system, we were able to book an system, we were able to book an system, we were able to book an additional 161 bookings for the company additional 161 bookings for the company additional 161 bookings for the company into their calendar, resulting in around into their calendar, resulting in around into their calendar, resulting in around $400,000 in opportunities generated. The $400,000 in opportunities generated. The $400,000 in opportunities generated. The use case targets giving the business use case targets giving the business use case targets giving the business capabilities that they never had before capabilities that they never had before capabilities that they never had before and drives direct revenue from it. With and drives direct revenue from it. With and drives direct revenue from it. With numbers like this, it's pretty obvious numbers like this, it's pretty obvious numbers like this, it's pretty obvious the kind of impact that this can have the kind of impact that this can have the kind of impact that this can have and will always be my top use case for and will always be my top use case for and will always be my top use case for outbound. All right, so we've covered my outbound. All right, so we've covered my outbound. All right, so we've covered my top outbound use cases, although now I top outbound use cases, although now I top outbound use cases, although now I want to talk a bit about the use case of want to talk a bit about the use case of want to talk a bit about the use case of cold calling. Cold calling is where we cold calling. Cold calling is where we cold calling. Cold calling is where we send calls to people who have never send calls to people who have never send calls to people who have never interacted with us before, hence the interacted with us before, hence the interacted with us before, hence the cold aspect to try and sell them a cold aspect to try and sell them a cold aspect to try and sell them a product or service. I've seen that this product or service. I've seen that this product or service. I've seen that this has been thrown around a bit as being a has been thrown around a bit as being a has been thrown around a bit as being a great use case, but in my opinion, I great use case, but in my opinion, I great use case, but in my opinion, I would stay far away from it. The main would stay far away from it. The main would stay far away from it. The main factor is that the US TCPA, so the factor is that the US TCPA, so the factor is that the US TCPA, so the Telephone Communications Protection Act, Telephone Communications Protection Act, Telephone Communications Protection Act, has stated that you are not allowed to has stated that you are not allowed to has stated that you are not allowed to send anyone an AI generated call without send anyone an AI generated call without send anyone an AI generated call without their direct consent. So, the fact that their direct consent. So, the fact that their direct consent. So, the fact that it's illegal should let you know that it's illegal should let you know that it's illegal should let you know that you shouldn't do it. Uh, now this is you shouldn't do it. Uh, now this is you shouldn't do it. Uh, now this is only in the United States and other only in the United States and other only in the United States and other countries may not have the same countries may not have the same countries may not have the same restrictions. But either way, I wouldn't restrictions. But either way, I wouldn't restrictions. But either way, I wouldn't do it. And even if you decided to go do it. And even if you decided to go do it. And even if you decided to go ahead with it, I don't think the use ahead with it, I don't think the use ahead with it, I don't think the use case is even very ethical or even works case is even very ethical or even works case is even very ethical or even works in the first place. I personally would in the first place. I personally would in the first place. I personally would not want an AI called calling me not want an AI called calling me not want an AI called calling me randomly trying to sell me insurance or randomly trying to sell me insurance or randomly trying to sell me insurance or whatever. And I don't think others would whatever. And I don't think others would whatever. And I don't think others would as well. So, my advice is to just stay as well. So, my advice is to just stay as well. So, my advice is to just stay away from it and focus on the other away from it and focus on the other away from it and focus on the other great use cases that I've talked about great use cases that I've talked about great use cases that I've talked about today that will likely get your clients today that will likely get your clients today that will likely get your clients far better results anyways.
