Using a make AI agent, you can set up Using a make AI agent, you can set up Using a make AI agent, you can set up this market research analyst which this market research analyst which this market research analyst which researches any company simply by researches any company simply by researches any company simply by providing the company's website. Let me providing the company's website. Let me providing the company's website. Let me show you how it works. So, our agent is show you how it works. So, our agent is show you how it works. So, our agent is triggered by a form submission. So, I triggered by a form submission. So, I triggered by a form submission. So, I can simply drop in a company's website can simply drop in a company's website can simply drop in a company's website that I want to research. The agent uses that I want to research. The agent uses that I want to research. The agent uses its available tools to scrape the its available tools to scrape the its available tools to scrape the company website, find any of the latest company website, find any of the latest company website, find any of the latest news about the company, and then saves news about the company, and then saves news about the company, and then saves its analysis to Air Table. And over in its analysis to Air Table. And over in its analysis to Air Table. And over in air table, we can see the result of that air table, we can see the result of that air table, we can see the result of that agent's work, which is a nicely agent's work, which is a nicely agent's work, which is a nicely formatted research report split up into formatted research report split up into formatted research report split up into key sections. To try out this market key sections. To try out this market key sections. To try out this market research analyst for yourself, you can research analyst for yourself, you can research analyst for yourself, you can simply import the template, and this simply import the template, and this simply import the template, and this creates the scenario directly in your creates the scenario directly in your creates the scenario directly in your make account. To bring this one to life, make account. To bring this one to life, make account. To bring this one to life, you simply need to go ahead and set up you simply need to go ahead and set up you simply need to go ahead and set up your connections in the different tools. your connections in the different tools. your connections in the different tools. All of the tools settings are already All of the tools settings are already All of the tools settings are already saved. And to configure your agent, saved. And to configure your agent, saved. And to configure your agent, inside the agent settings, you need to inside the agent settings, you need to inside the agent settings, you need to pick which model you want your agent to pick which model you want your agent to pick which model you want your agent to run on. and you'll find the full agent run on. and you'll find the full agent run on. and you'll find the full agent instructions that you can review. So for instructions that you can review. So for instructions that you can review. So for this market research analyst agent, we this market research analyst agent, we this market research analyst agent, we list out the available tools that the list out the available tools that the list out the available tools that the agent has access to and we instruct the agent has access to and we instruct the agent has access to and we instruct the agent exactly how we want that analysis agent exactly how we want that analysis agent exactly how we want that analysis to be done. This is something that you to be done. This is something that you to be done. This is something that you should totally customize and adjust to should totally customize and adjust to should totally customize and adjust to your way of working. We've given this your way of working. We've given this your way of working. We've given this agent access to four tools. First of agent access to four tools. First of agent access to four tools. First of all, fire crawl to scrape the company's all, fire crawl to scrape the company's all, fire crawl to scrape the company's website. We then use Makes's in-built AI website. We then use Makes's in-built AI website. We then use Makes's in-built AI web search tool to research more web search tool to research more web search tool to research more information about the company and two information about the company and two information about the company and two air table tools to save both the scraped air table tools to save both the scraped air table tools to save both the scraped website data and its final analysis. And website data and its final analysis. And website data and its final analysis. And you can equip your agent with even more you can equip your agent with even more you can equip your agent with even more tools. You can connect Salesforce so tools. You can connect Salesforce so tools. You can connect Salesforce so your agent can check if that company your agent can check if that company your agent can check if that company already exists in your CRM or add already exists in your CRM or add already exists in your CRM or add perplexity for even further research perplexity for even further research perplexity for even further research capabilities. And instead of only saving capabilities. And instead of only saving capabilities. And instead of only saving the analysis, you could also have the the analysis, you could also have the the analysis, you could also have the agent send it via email or Slack. That's agent send it via email or Slack. That's agent send it via email or Slack. That's the power of a make AI agent. One simple the power of a make AI agent. One simple the power of a make AI agent. One simple input kicks off an entire research input kicks off an entire research input kicks off an entire research process from web scraping to analysis process from web scraping to analysis process from web scraping to analysis all running on autopilot.
