What if I told you the same voice agents What if I told you the same voice agents What if I told you the same voice agents that agencies are charging tens of that agencies are charging tens of that agencies are charging tens of thousands of dollars to build, you can thousands of dollars to build, you can thousands of dollars to build, you can build in Claude code in just over an build in Claude code in just over an build in Claude code in just over an hour. I'm talking production grade, real hour. I'm talking production grade, real hour. I'm talking production grade, real phone numbers, real data, real CRMs, phone numbers, real data, real CRMs, phone numbers, real data, real CRMs, real follow-ups, and real conversations. real follow-ups, and real conversations. real follow-ups, and real conversations. And the kind of agent that actually And the kind of agent that actually And the kind of agent that actually holds up when someone calls it at 2:00 holds up when someone calls it at 2:00 holds up when someone calls it at 2:00 a.m. and expects it to behave like a a.m. and expects it to behave like a a.m. and expects it to behave like a human. See, most tutorials out there human. See, most tutorials out there human. See, most tutorials out there will just show you a demo, something will just show you a demo, something will just show you a demo, something that barely scratches the surface. Well, that barely scratches the surface. Well, that barely scratches the surface. Well, that's good to get your head around that's good to get your head around that's good to get your head around actually how voice agents work, there's actually how voice agents work, there's actually how voice agents work, there's a bigger gap between a demo that you see a bigger gap between a demo that you see a bigger gap between a demo that you see online and a production grade voice online and a production grade voice online and a production grade voice agent. See, that's not what this is. In agent. See, that's not what this is. In agent. See, that's not what this is. In this video, I'm going to be showing you this video, I'm going to be showing you this video, I'm going to be showing you the I use Claude code to design the I use Claude code to design the I use Claude code to design production grade voice agents for my production grade voice agents for my production grade voice agents for my agency that actually perform in the real agency that actually perform in the real agency that actually perform in the real world. I'm going to be showing you the world. I'm going to be showing you the world. I'm going to be showing you the complete architecture, the tools, the complete architecture, the tools, the complete architecture, the tools, the prompts, the entire system on how you prompts, the entire system on how you prompts, the entire system on how you can use Claude code to build these can use Claude code to build these can use Claude code to build these production grade voice agents. You're production grade voice agents. You're production grade voice agents. You're not just going to be building some not just going to be building some not just going to be building some random demo, you're going to be building random demo, you're going to be building random demo, you're going to be building an AI voice agent that is an actual an AI voice agent that is an actual an AI voice agent that is an actual asset to the business. At the end of asset to the business. At the end of asset to the business. At the end of this video, you will have built a this video, you will have built a this video, you will have built a complete production voice agent that is complete production voice agent that is complete production voice agent that is able to handle multiple booking able to handle multiple booking able to handle multiple booking scenarios such as canceling, checking scenarios such as canceling, checking scenarios such as canceling, checking availability, rescheduling, and booking availability, rescheduling, and booking availability, rescheduling, and booking an appointments, transferring live to an appointments, transferring live to an appointments, transferring live to live phone numbers and stuff. It's able live phone numbers and stuff. It's able live phone numbers and stuff. It's able to remember customer information that to remember customer information that to remember customer information that calls up, and then it's able to answer calls up, and then it's able to answer calls up, and then it's able to answer any questions about the business. And any questions about the business. And any questions about the business. And the best part is is that I'm going to be the best part is is that I'm going to be the best part is is that I'm going to be giving away all of this completely for giving away all of this completely for giving away all of this completely for free in my free resource store. Without free in my free resource store. Without free in my free resource store. Without further ado, let's jump straight into further ado, let's jump straight into further ado, let's jump straight into it. Okay, and as I said before, we're it. Okay, and as I said before, we're it. Okay, and as I said before, we're going to be building our a full going to be building our a full going to be building our a full production grade voice agent using production grade voice agent using production grade voice agent using Claude code. And this right here is a Claude code. And this right here is a Claude code. And this right here is a in-depth diagram and architecture in-depth diagram and architecture in-depth diagram and architecture structure of the voice agent that we're structure of the voice agent that we're structure of the voice agent that we're going to be building. So, before we going to be building. So, before we going to be building. So, before we actually jump to building everything, actually jump to building everything, actually jump to building everything, it's very important on to actually know it's very important on to actually know it's very important on to actually know what we are building. Okay. So, let me what we are building. Okay. So, let me what we are building. Okay. So, let me just quickly run you through the full just quickly run you through the full just quickly run you through the full architecture of what a production grade architecture of what a production grade architecture of what a production grade voice agent looks like. Okay. So, the voice agent looks like. Okay. So, the voice agent looks like. Okay. So, the very first thing very first thing very first thing that we have right here is going to be that we have right here is going to be that we have right here is going to be when the call comes in. We're then going when the call comes in. We're then going when the call comes in. We're then going to be using a SIP trunk via Twilio to to be using a SIP trunk via Twilio to to be using a SIP trunk via Twilio to route it to our Retail AI agent. So, route it to our Retail AI agent. So, route it to our Retail AI agent. So, giving the ability for the agent to able giving the ability for the agent to able giving the ability for the agent to able to make conversations on the phone. to make conversations on the phone. to make conversations on the phone. And then from there, Retail AI is going And then from there, Retail AI is going And then from there, Retail AI is going to answer. Okay. And while that's to answer. Okay. And while that's to answer. Okay. And while that's happening, so as soon as the customer happening, so as soon as the customer happening, so as soon as the customer calls that phone number, once Retail calls that phone number, once Retail calls that phone number, once Retail receives it, it's then going to initiate receives it, it's then going to initiate receives it, it's then going to initiate a back-end lookup, which is very a back-end lookup, which is very a back-end lookup, which is very important. And the reason why we do this important. And the reason why we do this important. And the reason why we do this is because of two things. It's number is because of two things. It's number is because of two things. It's number one, to make the conversation more one, to make the conversation more one, to make the conversation more personalized. So, if we find that that personalized. So, if we find that that personalized. So, if we find that that number exists inside our CRM, we can go number exists inside our CRM, we can go number exists inside our CRM, we can go ahead and search that up. If it does ahead and search that up. If it does ahead and search that up. If it does exist, we can then simply say, "Hey, exist, we can then simply say, "Hey, exist, we can then simply say, "Hey, welcome back to the business." Or, welcome back to the business." Or, welcome back to the business." Or, "Welcome back, John." Or, "Sarah." "Welcome back, John." Or, "Sarah." "Welcome back, John." Or, "Sarah." Whatever, right? And then we can also Whatever, right? And then we can also Whatever, right? And then we can also use that information found in the CRM as use that information found in the CRM as use that information found in the CRM as existing contact information to go ahead existing contact information to go ahead existing contact information to go ahead and book, cancel, reschedule. This just and book, cancel, reschedule. This just and book, cancel, reschedule. This just makes the conversational process a lot makes the conversational process a lot makes the conversational process a lot more smooth and just so much better for more smooth and just so much better for more smooth and just so much better for the customer that's calling in because the customer that's calling in because the customer that's calling in because we're going to simply reuse their we're going to simply reuse their we're going to simply reuse their details. Okay? details. Okay? details. Okay? Um but if it doesn't found any people Um but if it doesn't found any people Um but if it doesn't found any people using that phone number, okay, it's then using that phone number, okay, it's then using that phone number, okay, it's then simply just going to go ahead and greet simply just going to go ahead and greet simply just going to go ahead and greet it normally. Okay? So, that's why we use it normally. Okay? So, that's why we use it normally. Okay? So, that's why we use that back-end lookup, and it's really, that back-end lookup, and it's really, that back-end lookup, and it's really, really important. Okay? really important. Okay? really important. Okay? Something that I use all the time in my Something that I use all the time in my Something that I use all the time in my production grade voice agents. production grade voice agents. production grade voice agents. Then, secondly, um we have our intent Then, secondly, um we have our intent Then, secondly, um we have our intent classification. So, it's then going to classification. So, it's then going to classification. So, it's then going to classify on six different intents. classify on six different intents. classify on six different intents. Number one is a transfer. This is going Number one is a transfer. This is going Number one is a transfer. This is going to be transferring to a therapist. So, to be transferring to a therapist. So, to be transferring to a therapist. So, if someone wants to speak to a human, if someone wants to speak to a human, if someone wants to speak to a human, billing departments, anything like that, billing departments, anything like that, billing departments, anything like that, it's able to transfer. Okay? Then we it's able to transfer. Okay? Then we it's able to transfer. Okay? Then we also have a new booking. We've got also have a new booking. We've got also have a new booking. We've got rescheduling, cancellation, rescheduling, cancellation, rescheduling, cancellation, availability, and then also answering availability, and then also answering availability, and then also answering any common questions about the business any common questions about the business any common questions about the business as well. And this is going to be all as well. And this is going to be all as well. And this is going to be all primarily done through GoHighLevel. So, primarily done through GoHighLevel. So, primarily done through GoHighLevel. So, that's going to be the CRM and booking that's going to be the CRM and booking that's going to be the CRM and booking platform that we're going to be using. platform that we're going to be using. platform that we're going to be using. Okay? Okay? Okay? And essentially, for each of these And essentially, for each of these And essentially, for each of these intents that is identified, with there's intents that is identified, with there's intents that is identified, with there's going to be a different conversational going to be a different conversational going to be a different conversational process. So, for a new booking, we're process. So, for a new booking, we're process. So, for a new booking, we're going to need to ask for availability. going to need to ask for availability. going to need to ask for availability. We're going to need to get free slots We're going to need to get free slots We're going to need to get free slots via GoHighLevel. We're going to read the via GoHighLevel. We're going to read the via GoHighLevel. We're going to read the slots. If they want to book that slot, slots. If they want to book that slot, slots. If they want to book that slot, right, that has been decided, we'll then right, that has been decided, we'll then right, that has been decided, we'll then go to a new booking. Okay? Then we'll go to a new booking. Okay? Then we'll go to a new booking. Okay? Then we'll continue the process with that. So, continue the process with that. So, continue the process with that. So, we're going to ask if they're new or we're going to ask if they're new or we're going to ask if they're new or returning. It'll already know this by returning. It'll already know this by returning. It'll already know this by our lookup. our lookup. our lookup. Um if it's new, they'll just simply go Um if it's new, they'll just simply go Um if it's new, they'll just simply go ahead and get their name, date of birth, ahead and get their name, date of birth, ahead and get their name, date of birth, injury. Okay? injury. Okay? injury. Okay? Um and then it's going to create a Um and then it's going to create a Um and then it's going to create a contact. It's going to get free slots. contact. It's going to get free slots. contact. It's going to get free slots. It's going to read it back, and then It's going to read it back, and then It's going to read it back, and then it's going to book the appointment. it's going to book the appointment. it's going to book the appointment. Okay? That's going to be the same for Okay? That's going to be the same for Okay? That's going to be the same for rescheduling, canceling, availability, rescheduling, canceling, availability, rescheduling, canceling, availability, confirming appointments, looking up confirming appointments, looking up confirming appointments, looking up events, um looking up CRMs, confirming events, um looking up CRMs, confirming events, um looking up CRMs, confirming new times, canceling appointments, new times, canceling appointments, new times, canceling appointments, looking up events, um etc. So, again, looking up events, um etc. So, again, looking up events, um etc. So, again, you guys just need to know the overall you guys just need to know the overall you guys just need to know the overall architecture. You don't really need to architecture. You don't really need to architecture. You don't really need to need to know the back-end details of need to know the back-end details of need to know the back-end details of that because we can get Claude code to that because we can get Claude code to that because we can get Claude code to build everything, which is what's really build everything, which is what's really build everything, which is what's really cool. Okay? cool. Okay? cool. Okay? Um and we're not done there. So, then Um and we're not done there. So, then Um and we're not done there. So, then from there, once, for example, let's say from there, once, for example, let's say from there, once, for example, let's say we have a new booked appointment, it's we have a new booked appointment, it's we have a new booked appointment, it's then going to send a confirmation SMS then going to send a confirmation SMS then going to send a confirmation SMS via GoHighLevel workflow. And the reason via GoHighLevel workflow. And the reason via GoHighLevel workflow. And the reason why we're going to be doing this through why we're going to be doing this through why we're going to be doing this through GoHighLevel is because we can obviously GoHighLevel is because we can obviously GoHighLevel is because we can obviously send a confirmation SMS quite easily send a confirmation SMS quite easily send a confirmation SMS quite easily through that platform. We can also send through that platform. We can also send through that platform. We can also send it upon 24 hours. So, we'll remind them it upon 24 hours. So, we'll remind them it upon 24 hours. So, we'll remind them 24 hours, 15 minutes, an hour before. 24 hours, 15 minutes, an hour before. 24 hours, 15 minutes, an hour before. Okay? And we can do that for booking, Okay? And we can do that for booking, Okay? And we can do that for booking, rescheduling, canceling, and rescheduling, canceling, and rescheduling, canceling, and availability as well. availability as well. availability as well. Okay? Okay? Okay? Then from there, what we're going to do Then from there, what we're going to do Then from there, what we're going to do as soon as the call ends, we're then as soon as the call ends, we're then as soon as the call ends, we're then going to use the Retail post hook post going to use the Retail post hook post going to use the Retail post hook post webhook functionality to then send the webhook functionality to then send the webhook functionality to then send the transcript summary, sentiment analysis, transcript summary, sentiment analysis, transcript summary, sentiment analysis, and then extracted fields to a N8N and then extracted fields to a N8N and then extracted fields to a N8N Google Sheets database. Okay? And the Google Sheets database. Okay? And the Google Sheets database. Okay? And the reason why we can do that is because we reason why we can do that is because we reason why we can do that is because we can then use Claude code to build a can then use Claude code to build a can then use Claude code to build a custom CRM UI type of dashboard that's custom CRM UI type of dashboard that's custom CRM UI type of dashboard that's going to essentially display that going to essentially display that going to essentially display that information. So, it's going to be using information. So, it's going to be using information. So, it's going to be using Google Sheets as kind of the back-end Google Sheets as kind of the back-end Google Sheets as kind of the back-end for that app. And then we can use um for that app. And then we can use um for that app. And then we can use um Claude code to build a dashboard so we Claude code to build a dashboard so we Claude code to build a dashboard so we can give it to the client. So, the can give it to the client. So, the can give it to the client. So, the client can see the calls. Can see the client can see the calls. Can see the client can see the calls. Can see the bookings, contacts, analytics, um maybe bookings, contacts, analytics, um maybe bookings, contacts, analytics, um maybe the percentage of calls booked or the percentage of calls booked or the percentage of calls booked or converted. So, it's top-tier analytics, converted. So, it's top-tier analytics, converted. So, it's top-tier analytics, which you can just go ahead and give to which you can just go ahead and give to which you can just go ahead and give to the client as a custom CRM and a custom the client as a custom CRM and a custom the client as a custom CRM and a custom dashboard for them. dashboard for them. dashboard for them. Okay? So, that's essentially the entire Okay? So, that's essentially the entire Okay? So, that's essentially the entire build. We're not done yet. We're also build. We're not done yet. We're also build. We're not done yet. We're also going to be using Claude code to test going to be using Claude code to test going to be using Claude code to test the entire agents. And again, I'll the entire agents. And again, I'll the entire agents. And again, I'll explain this as I go as I build explain this as I go as I build explain this as I go as I build everything, but essentially, we can use everything, but essentially, we can use everything, but essentially, we can use the Retail AI API, okay, to create the Retail AI API, okay, to create the Retail AI API, okay, to create manual chat chat tests. We can also manual chat chat tests. We can also manual chat chat tests. We can also create automated test suite chat tests. create automated test suite chat tests. create automated test suite chat tests. Um and then we can also automate using Um and then we can also automate using Um and then we can also automate using end-to-end simulations. So, phone calls, end-to-end simulations. So, phone calls, end-to-end simulations. So, phone calls, real tools, etc. Okay? And what Claude real tools, etc. Okay? And what Claude real tools, etc. Okay? And what Claude code is going to do is if it identifies code is going to do is if it identifies code is going to do is if it identifies any errors when it's testing it, it's any errors when it's testing it, it's any errors when it's testing it, it's going to automatically know where it is going to automatically know where it is going to automatically know where it is because it's built out the entire because it's built out the entire because it's built out the entire infrastructure. Okay? infrastructure. Okay? infrastructure. Okay? And it's able to, you know, make And it's able to, you know, make And it's able to, you know, make changes, fix it, update it, etc. Okay? changes, fix it, update it, etc. Okay? changes, fix it, update it, etc. Okay? So, that's going to be the full So, that's going to be the full So, that's going to be the full conversational overview and the full conversational overview and the full conversational overview and the full architecture and build. And of course, architecture and build. And of course, architecture and build. And of course, I'm going to be showing you how you can I'm going to be showing you how you can I'm going to be showing you how you can literally build this through Claude literally build this through Claude literally build this through Claude code. You will not need to be able to code. You will not need to be able to code. You will not need to be able to write a single line of code, write a write a single line of code, write a write a single line of code, write a single prompt, configure any AI single prompt, configure any AI single prompt, configure any AI workflows. As long as you pay attention workflows. As long as you pay attention workflows. As long as you pay attention and you follow my steps on how to prompt and you follow my steps on how to prompt and you follow my steps on how to prompt Claude code properly, it's going to be Claude code properly, it's going to be Claude code properly, it's going to be able to do this. So, able to do this. So, able to do this. So, So, with that being said, let's jump So, with that being said, let's jump So, with that being said, let's jump straight into it. So, the very first straight into it. So, the very first straight into it. So, the very first thing that you want to do is you want to thing that you want to do is you want to thing that you want to do is you want to make sure you have the Claude code make sure you have the Claude code make sure you have the Claude code either Pro or Max plan. I'm on the Max either Pro or Max plan. I'm on the Max either Pro or Max plan. I'm on the Max plan at the moment cuz I use this quite plan at the moment cuz I use this quite plan at the moment cuz I use this quite heavily inside my business to automate heavily inside my business to automate heavily inside my business to automate things. But as long as you're on the Pro things. But as long as you're on the Pro things. But as long as you're on the Pro or Max plan, you'll be able to get or Max plan, you'll be able to get or Max plan, you'll be able to get Claude code. So, that's very important. Claude code. So, that's very important. Claude code. So, that's very important. So, make sure you sign up to Claude So, make sure you sign up to Claude So, make sure you sign up to Claude code, okay, and you're either on the Pro code, okay, and you're either on the Pro code, okay, and you're either on the Pro or Max plan. I recommend going on the or Max plan. I recommend going on the or Max plan. I recommend going on the Pro plan. It's pretty cheap, and you'll Pro plan. It's pretty cheap, and you'll Pro plan. It's pretty cheap, and you'll be able to do most things through the be able to do most things through the be able to do most things through the Pro plan. Okay? Pro plan. Okay? Pro plan. Okay? Then, second thing that I want you to do Then, second thing that I want you to do Then, second thing that I want you to do is that I want you to install Visual is that I want you to install Visual is that I want you to install Visual Studio Code. Now, this is one of the Studio Code. Now, this is one of the Studio Code. Now, this is one of the IDEs which we can use to connect Claude IDEs which we can use to connect Claude IDEs which we can use to connect Claude code. So, an IDE essentially means code. So, an IDE essentially means code. So, an IDE essentially means integrated development environment, integrated development environment, integrated development environment, which allows us to access code, write which allows us to access code, write which allows us to access code, write Python, etc., access to our terminal. Python, etc., access to our terminal. Python, etc., access to our terminal. So, we can install Claude code through So, we can install Claude code through So, we can install Claude code through Visual Studio Code. This is one of the Visual Studio Code. This is one of the Visual Studio Code. This is one of the IDEs you can use. Alternatively, you IDEs you can use. Alternatively, you IDEs you can use. Alternatively, you could use a antigravity, or you could go could use a antigravity, or you could go could use a antigravity, or you could go through the terminal of your, you know, through the terminal of your, you know, through the terminal of your, you know, computer. Um but I'm not going to be computer. Um but I'm not going to be computer. Um but I'm not going to be showing you that inside this video. I'm showing you that inside this video. I'm showing you that inside this video. I'm going to be going through Visual Studio going to be going through Visual Studio going to be going through Visual Studio Code, which is just the easiest Code, which is just the easiest Code, which is just the easiest beginner-friendly way to beginner-friendly way to beginner-friendly way to um um um to to get started with Claude code. to to get started with Claude code. to to get started with Claude code. Okay? So, once you have signed up the Okay? So, once you have signed up the Okay? So, once you have signed up the Pro plan and you have downloaded Visual Pro plan and you have downloaded Visual Pro plan and you have downloaded Visual Studio Code, awesome. That's going to be Studio Code, awesome. That's going to be Studio Code, awesome. That's going to be the first step. So, once you've done the first step. So, once you've done the first step. So, once you've done both of those things, I want you to open both of those things, I want you to open both of those things, I want you to open up Claude code right here. Okay? And the up Claude code right here. Okay? And the up Claude code right here. Okay? And the very first thing that I want you to do very first thing that I want you to do very first thing that I want you to do is install Claude code. So, simply to do is install Claude code. So, simply to do is install Claude code. So, simply to do that, go over to this little extensions that, go over to this little extensions that, go over to this little extensions right here. right here. right here. And then you want to simply search And then you want to simply search And then you want to simply search Claude and code. Okay? And it's going to come and code. Okay? And it's going to come and code. Okay? And it's going to come up with Claude code right here. As you up with Claude code right here. As you up with Claude code right here. As you can see, it's almost got 10 million can see, it's almost got 10 million can see, it's almost got 10 million installs, and you're going to simply go installs, and you're going to simply go installs, and you're going to simply go ahead and install as well. Okay? Then, ahead and install as well. Okay? Then, ahead and install as well. Okay? Then, upon installing it, okay, it should upon installing it, okay, it should upon installing it, okay, it should prompt you to go ahead and sign up to prompt you to go ahead and sign up to prompt you to go ahead and sign up to your web account in which you purchased your web account in which you purchased your web account in which you purchased the either Pro or Max plan. So, that's the either Pro or Max plan. So, that's the either Pro or Max plan. So, that's important so you can use the usage from important so you can use the usage from important so you can use the usage from your web account into Claude code. It's your web account into Claude code. It's your web account into Claude code. It's going to use your particular usage for going to use your particular usage for going to use your particular usage for whatever plan you're on. Okay? So, it's whatever plan you're on. Okay? So, it's whatever plan you're on. Okay? So, it's either going to prompt you in here. I've either going to prompt you in here. I've either going to prompt you in here. I've already installed it, okay, so it's already installed it, okay, so it's already installed it, okay, so it's either going to prompt you after you've either going to prompt you after you've either going to prompt you after you've installed it, um or it's going to come installed it, um or it's going to come installed it, um or it's going to come up through Claude code right here, which up through Claude code right here, which up through Claude code right here, which is the little is the little is the little chat browser in which we're going to be chat browser in which we're going to be chat browser in which we're going to be typing to it. Okay? So, once you've done typing to it. Okay? So, once you've done typing to it. Okay? So, once you've done that, you should be all set up to go. that, you should be all set up to go. that, you should be all set up to go. Okay? And then before we actually get Okay? And then before we actually get Okay? And then before we actually get into configuring the files and the setup into configuring the files and the setup into configuring the files and the setup of Claude, you just want to make sure of Claude, you just want to make sure of Claude, you just want to make sure that you have um the correct settings. that you have um the correct settings. that you have um the correct settings. I'm just going to move my camera over I'm just going to move my camera over I'm just going to move my camera over here for now, and you want to come over here for now, and you want to come over here for now, and you want to come over to the settings right here. Okay? And to the settings right here. Okay? And to the settings right here. Okay? And you want to come to settings. you want to come to settings. you want to come to settings. And you also want to search Claude. Okay? And then you want to switch on Okay? And then you want to switch on Okay? And then you want to switch on allowed initially skip permissions. Now, allowed initially skip permissions. Now, allowed initially skip permissions. Now, don't worry if this looks a little bit don't worry if this looks a little bit don't worry if this looks a little bit scary. This essentially just is giving scary. This essentially just is giving scary. This essentially just is giving Claude access to run commands and run Claude access to run commands and run Claude access to run commands and run API requests inside your computer API requests inside your computer API requests inside your computer automatically because without this mode automatically because without this mode automatically because without this mode on, it's going to ask you for permission on, it's going to ask you for permission on, it's going to ask you for permission and skip it. And I'll show you how to and skip it. And I'll show you how to and skip it. And I'll show you how to change everything change everything change everything and change all of that, you know, in and change all of that, you know, in and change all of that, you know, in down here, okay? down here, okay? down here, okay? So, once you've done that, you should be So, once you've done that, you should be So, once you've done that, you should be all good to go. Now, the first thing all good to go. Now, the first thing all good to go. Now, the first thing that we're going to do is we're going to that we're going to do is we're going to that we're going to do is we're going to open up a brand new folder. So, you can open up a brand new folder. So, you can open up a brand new folder. So, you can simply just simply just click open simply just simply just click open simply just simply just click open folder and for me this is going to be a folder and for me this is going to be a folder and for me this is going to be a fresh folder and a brand new workspace fresh folder and a brand new workspace fresh folder and a brand new workspace in Claude Code. in Claude Code. in Claude Code. Okay, and as you can see right here, Okay, and as you can see right here, Okay, and as you can see right here, I've opened up a file in a folder. So, I've opened up a file in a folder. So, I've opened up a file in a folder. So, if you're on Mac, you can just simply go if you're on Mac, you can just simply go if you're on Mac, you can just simply go file file file and then click open folder right here and then click open folder right here and then click open folder right here and open it inside your workspace. So, and open it inside your workspace. So, and open it inside your workspace. So, I'm not going to explain too much on I'm not going to explain too much on I'm not going to explain too much on actually how Claude Code works in the actually how Claude Code works in the actually how Claude Code works in the background, but essentially what we just background, but essentially what we just background, but essentially what we just did is we gave it access to our computer did is we gave it access to our computer did is we gave it access to our computer in a local file and folder. And then in a local file and folder. And then in a local file and folder. And then from there, it's able to create MD from there, it's able to create MD from there, it's able to create MD files, it's able to create prompt code, files, it's able to create prompt code, files, it's able to create prompt code, everything inside locally inside our everything inside locally inside our everything inside locally inside our computer, okay? So, now what we're going computer, okay? So, now what we're going computer, okay? So, now what we're going to do is we're going to open up Claude to do is we're going to open up Claude to do is we're going to open up Claude Code, okay? So, as you can see by the Code, okay? So, as you can see by the Code, okay? So, as you can see by the side right here, I've got Claude Code side right here, I've got Claude Code side right here, I've got Claude Code and as we can see, Claude is all right and as we can see, Claude is all right and as we can see, Claude is all right here. Now, just to give you a few little here. Now, just to give you a few little here. Now, just to give you a few little bits of brief, down the bottom we have bits of brief, down the bottom we have bits of brief, down the bottom we have the different modes, so you can either the different modes, so you can either the different modes, so you can either give Claude Code access to edit give Claude Code access to edit give Claude Code access to edit automatically. So, it's going to edit automatically. So, it's going to edit automatically. So, it's going to edit text or the whole file automatically. text or the whole file automatically. text or the whole file automatically. Plan mode, which is for this is very Plan mode, which is for this is very Plan mode, which is for this is very good for planning, we're going to be good for planning, we're going to be good for planning, we're going to be using this quite a bit for planning out using this quite a bit for planning out using this quite a bit for planning out our voice agents. So, this is plan mode our voice agents. So, this is plan mode our voice agents. So, this is plan mode before actually editing, making files, before actually editing, making files, before actually editing, making files, making changes. And then we have bypass making changes. And then we have bypass making changes. And then we have bypass permissions. So, this is just permissions. So, this is just permissions. So, this is just essentially Claude on full steroids essentially Claude on full steroids essentially Claude on full steroids essentially. It's going to essentially. It's going to essentially. It's going to edit code, commands, etc. It's going to edit code, commands, etc. It's going to edit code, commands, etc. It's going to be doing everything automatically and be doing everything automatically and be doing everything automatically and quickly, okay? And we're going to be quickly, okay? And we're going to be quickly, okay? And we're going to be rotating through these for through a few rotating through these for through a few rotating through these for through a few modes, right? And then from here, we modes, right? And then from here, we modes, right? And then from here, we have adding some files. I don't have adding some files. I don't have adding some files. I don't particularly use this, but then we also particularly use this, but then we also particularly use this, but then we also have some commands like skills, got have some commands like skills, got have some commands like skills, got different skills. We've got contacts, so different skills. We've got contacts, so different skills. We've got contacts, so you can see the context of your voice you can see the context of your voice you can see the context of your voice agent, agent, agent, not voice agent Claude Code. Bunch of not voice agent Claude Code. Bunch of not voice agent Claude Code. Bunch of different things again, but we really different things again, but we really different things again, but we really won't be using these two things. We'll won't be using these two things. We'll won't be using these two things. We'll mainly be switching in the different mainly be switching in the different mainly be switching in the different modes right here. modes right here. modes right here. Okay, so now let's get started. So, the Okay, so now let's get started. So, the Okay, so now let's get started. So, the very first thing that I'm going to do is very first thing that I'm going to do is very first thing that I'm going to do is I'm going to create a Claude MD file. I'm going to create a Claude MD file. I'm going to create a Claude MD file. So, as you can see right here, So, as you can see right here, So, as you can see right here, you can tell Claude to remember you can tell Claude to remember you can tell Claude to remember something that you've told it using MD. something that you've told it using MD. something that you've told it using MD. So, this is essentially just a system So, this is essentially just a system So, this is essentially just a system prompt that is kind of loaded into prompt that is kind of loaded into prompt that is kind of loaded into Claude each time you create a new Claude each time you create a new Claude each time you create a new conversation. And the reason why we do conversation. And the reason why we do conversation. And the reason why we do this is because sometimes you can get this is because sometimes you can get this is because sometimes you can get context blow, which is essentially context blow, which is essentially context blow, which is essentially adding too much context to Claude and adding too much context to Claude and adding too much context to Claude and too much chat and messages. too much chat and messages. too much chat and messages. So, we're going to be creating a Claude So, we're going to be creating a Claude So, we're going to be creating a Claude MD. We're going to be creating a Claude MD. We're going to be creating a Claude MD. We're going to be creating a Claude MD particularly for this exact voice AI MD particularly for this exact voice AI MD particularly for this exact voice AI agent build, okay? So, with that being agent build, okay? So, with that being agent build, okay? So, with that being said, said, said, first thing I'm going to do is I've just first thing I'm going to do is I've just first thing I'm going to do is I've just grabbed this physiotherapy website that grabbed this physiotherapy website that grabbed this physiotherapy website that is around near me, okay? is around near me, okay? is around near me, okay? And I'm just going to be giving this to And I'm just going to be giving this to And I'm just going to be giving this to Claude Code essentially about a little Claude Code essentially about a little Claude Code essentially about a little bit of context about the business and bit of context about the business and bit of context about the business and I'm going to be explaining to it what I'm going to be explaining to it what I'm going to be explaining to it what its exact task and role is going to be. its exact task and role is going to be. its exact task and role is going to be. So, each time we then load a new So, each time we then load a new So, each time we then load a new conversation, okay, conversation, okay, conversation, okay, it's then going to be able to understand it's then going to be able to understand it's then going to be able to understand what we're actually trying to do, okay? what we're actually trying to do, okay? what we're actually trying to do, okay? So, I'm going to simply go ahead and So, I'm going to simply go ahead and So, I'm going to simply go ahead and grab over this website. This can be very grab over this website. This can be very grab over this website. This can be very useful if you're designing this for a useful if you're designing this for a useful if you're designing this for a business and you want to give it a business and you want to give it a business and you want to give it a little bit of context about the business little bit of context about the business little bit of context about the business that you're building it for. You can that you're building it for. You can that you're building it for. You can just essentially go ahead and give it just essentially go ahead and give it just essentially go ahead and give it the the website that you're building it the the website that you're building it the the website that you're building it for, okay? So, I'm going to come back for, okay? So, I'm going to come back for, okay? So, I'm going to come back and I'm going to give this to Claude, and I'm going to give this to Claude, and I'm going to give this to Claude, okay? And I'm just going to click okay? And I'm just going to click okay? And I'm just going to click return and I'll click business website. Okay, so now what I'm going to do is I'm Okay, so now what I'm going to do is I'm Okay, so now what I'm going to do is I'm going to prompt Claude to create an MD going to prompt Claude to create an MD going to prompt Claude to create an MD file on essentially how to create the file on essentially how to create the file on essentially how to create the voice agents that we're building it for, voice agents that we're building it for, voice agents that we're building it for, okay? So, I'll simply say something like okay? So, I'll simply say something like okay? So, I'll simply say something like this. this. this. By the way, I'm using a transcription By the way, I'm using a transcription By the way, I'm using a transcription tool tool tool a lot in this video. So, if you do want a lot in this video. So, if you do want a lot in this video. So, if you do want to download something like this, it's to download something like this, it's to download something like this, it's going to be helpful for building things. going to be helpful for building things. going to be helpful for building things. I essentially just speak into my mic and I essentially just speak into my mic and I essentially just speak into my mic and it's able to just paste out the text, it's able to just paste out the text, it's able to just paste out the text, okay? okay? okay? I'll say something like this. I'll say, "Hey Claude, I want you to build a "Hey Claude, I want you to build a "Hey Claude, I want you to build a Claude MD file for a production grade Claude MD file for a production grade Claude MD file for a production grade voice AI agent build for this voice AI agent build for this voice AI agent build for this physiotherapy business that I'm doing. A physiotherapy business that I'm doing. A physiotherapy business that I'm doing. A little bit of context about me, I own a little bit of context about me, I own a little bit of context about me, I own a voice AI agency called Embodics AI and I voice AI agency called Embodics AI and I voice AI agency called Embodics AI and I want you to help me build this voice AI want you to help me build this voice AI want you to help me build this voice AI agent, okay? We're going to be using a agent, okay? We're going to be using a agent, okay? We're going to be using a few different tools. We're going to be few different tools. We're going to be few different tools. We're going to be using using using Retail AI. We're going to be using Retail AI. We're going to be using Retail AI. We're going to be using GoHighLevel, Twilio, and Claude Code. GoHighLevel, Twilio, and Claude Code. GoHighLevel, Twilio, and Claude Code. So, that's going to be some of the tools So, that's going to be some of the tools So, that's going to be some of the tools that we're going to be using inside this that we're going to be using inside this that we're going to be using inside this build, okay? And I just want you to keep build, okay? And I just want you to keep build, okay? And I just want you to keep that in mind and keep all the API that in mind and keep all the API that in mind and keep all the API documentation in mind because what I'm documentation in mind because what I'm documentation in mind because what I'm going to be giving and telling you to do going to be giving and telling you to do going to be giving and telling you to do is I'm going to be giving you a few is I'm going to be giving you a few is I'm going to be giving you a few formats on how to prompt agents inside formats on how to prompt agents inside formats on how to prompt agents inside Retail AI, how to create automatic N8N Retail AI, how to create automatic N8N Retail AI, how to create automatic N8N workflows, how to research the API workflows, how to research the API workflows, how to research the API documentation of some of the tools we're documentation of some of the tools we're documentation of some of the tools we're using, okay? How to create tools and using, okay? How to create tools and using, okay? How to create tools and combine it to voice agents and a bunch combine it to voice agents and a bunch combine it to voice agents and a bunch of different things. So, I just want you of different things. So, I just want you of different things. So, I just want you to create a Claude MD file on a little to create a Claude MD file on a little to create a Claude MD file on a little bit of context and a system prompt of bit of context and a system prompt of bit of context and a system prompt of what you're going to be doing. So, So, So, that's the example. That's going to be that's the example. That's going to be that's the example. That's going to be our overall Claude MD prompt. So, each our overall Claude MD prompt. So, each our overall Claude MD prompt. So, each time we clear the conversation, it's time we clear the conversation, it's time we clear the conversation, it's going to exactly know, you know, what going to exactly know, you know, what going to exactly know, you know, what we're going to be doing, okay? And we're we're going to be doing, okay? And we're we're going to be doing, okay? And we're just going to switch this on to bypass just going to switch this on to bypass just going to switch this on to bypass permissions and put it in here, okay? permissions and put it in here, okay? permissions and put it in here, okay? So, this is sending off right here. It's So, this is sending off right here. It's So, this is sending off right here. It's probably going to take, probably going to take, probably going to take, you know, 10 15 seconds at the moment. you know, 10 15 seconds at the moment. you know, 10 15 seconds at the moment. But as I said But as I said But as I said before, the whole point of this is before, the whole point of this is before, the whole point of this is because we're going to be clearing the because we're going to be clearing the because we're going to be clearing the conversation, we're going to be using conversation, we're going to be using conversation, we're going to be using {slash} clear a lot of the times. {slash} clear a lot of the times. {slash} clear a lot of the times. It's automatically just going to read It's automatically just going to read It's automatically just going to read this Claude MD file, okay? it a few this Claude MD file, okay? it a few this Claude MD file, okay? it a few seconds here. Again, this is just seconds here. Again, this is just seconds here. Again, this is just context initially. We're going to be context initially. We're going to be context initially. We're going to be building a few other files and formats, building a few other files and formats, building a few other files and formats, okay, and prompting Claude on actually okay, and prompting Claude on actually okay, and prompting Claude on actually how to build these agents. how to build these agents. how to build these agents. A little bit little bit more, but again, A little bit little bit more, but again, A little bit little bit more, but again, we'll just wait here we'll just wait here we'll just wait here until Claude Code is finished. I'll just until Claude Code is finished. I'll just until Claude Code is finished. I'll just cut back to when it's created the full cut back to when it's created the full cut back to when it's created the full MD file. Okay, so as we can see, it's MD file. Okay, so as we can see, it's MD file. Okay, so as we can see, it's gone ahead and created the MD file. So, gone ahead and created the MD file. So, gone ahead and created the MD file. So, if we come up to here, Claude MD, we can if we come up to here, Claude MD, we can if we come up to here, Claude MD, we can see this is going to be the MD file. see this is going to be the MD file. see this is going to be the MD file. It's a little bit over 200 lines, which It's a little bit over 200 lines, which It's a little bit over 200 lines, which is what we want. We want to keep this is what we want. We want to keep this is what we want. We want to keep this fairly lean so we don't use as much fairly lean so we don't use as much fairly lean so we don't use as much context inside Claude. But we can see context inside Claude. But we can see context inside Claude. But we can see this is just essentially a system this is just essentially a system this is just essentially a system prompt, okay? So, we've got project prompt, okay? So, we've got project prompt, okay? So, we've got project overview, which is good, services overview, which is good, services overview, which is good, services offered, target customers, operational offered, target customers, operational offered, target customers, operational details, tech stack, so Retail, Twilio, details, tech stack, so Retail, Twilio, details, tech stack, so Retail, Twilio, GoHighLevel, N8N, OpenAI, Claude Code, GoHighLevel, N8N, OpenAI, Claude Code, GoHighLevel, N8N, OpenAI, Claude Code, okay? okay? okay? Voice agent responsibilities, so name, Voice agent responsibilities, so name, Voice agent responsibilities, so name, scheduling. Again, we're going to be scheduling. Again, we're going to be scheduling. Again, we're going to be giving the full voice agent flow a giving the full voice agent flow a giving the full voice agent flow a little bit later, okay? little bit later, okay? little bit later, okay? And as I said before, it's going to be And as I said before, it's going to be And as I said before, it's going to be very useful if you have something like very useful if you have something like very useful if you have something like this, right, which is essentially a this, right, which is essentially a this, right, which is essentially a Excalidraw Excalidraw Excalidraw file and a little bit of a graph, which file and a little bit of a graph, which file and a little bit of a graph, which you can give to Claude, okay? you can give to Claude, okay? you can give to Claude, okay? But again, we've got secondary But again, we've got secondary But again, we've got secondary functions, out of scope, Retail AI, functions, out of scope, Retail AI, functions, out of scope, Retail AI, GoHighLevel. So, it's got all of the GoHighLevel. So, it's got all of the GoHighLevel. So, it's got all of the API documentation, which is awesome, API documentation, which is awesome, API documentation, which is awesome, okay? okay? okay? We've got how I should approach this, so We've got how I should approach this, so We've got how I should approach this, so creating N8N workflows, etc. Again, creating N8N workflows, etc. Again, creating N8N workflows, etc. Again, we're going to give it another MD file we're going to give it another MD file we're going to give it another MD file to essentially explain how to actually to essentially explain how to actually to essentially explain how to actually build these agents. build these agents. build these agents. But yeah, this is very important. So, But yeah, this is very important. So, But yeah, this is very important. So, each time we then create a new each time we then create a new each time we then create a new conversation for this project, it's conversation for this project, it's conversation for this project, it's going to know the full context and it's going to know the full context and it's going to know the full context and it's going to know exactly everything we need going to know exactly everything we need going to know exactly everything we need to know about this voice agent. Next to know about this voice agent. Next to know about this voice agent. Next step is going to be telling Claude on step is going to be telling Claude on step is going to be telling Claude on exactly how to build these agents, okay? exactly how to build these agents, okay? exactly how to build these agents, okay? While Claude Code obviously could figure While Claude Code obviously could figure While Claude Code obviously could figure out everything, I think it's good to out everything, I think it's good to out everything, I think it's good to prompt Claude on the exact step-by-step prompt Claude on the exact step-by-step prompt Claude on the exact step-by-step process on how to build these agents. process on how to build these agents. process on how to build these agents. Now, from experience, Now, from experience, Now, from experience, I'm going to essentially be doing the I'm going to essentially be doing the I'm going to essentially be doing the exact same thing. So, I'm going to be exact same thing. So, I'm going to be exact same thing. So, I'm going to be giving it a, you know, agent production giving it a, you know, agent production giving it a, you know, agent production pipeline MD. It's essentially another MD pipeline MD. It's essentially another MD pipeline MD. It's essentially another MD file on how it should build these file on how it should build these file on how it should build these agents, okay? agents, okay? agents, okay? So, again, we're going to be following So, again, we're going to be following So, again, we're going to be following this process inside this video. So, I'm this process inside this video. So, I'm this process inside this video. So, I'm going to prompt it right here on how to going to prompt it right here on how to going to prompt it right here on how to build the agents. Okay, Claude, I now build the agents. Okay, Claude, I now build the agents. Okay, Claude, I now want you to create a agent pipeline MD want you to create a agent pipeline MD want you to create a agent pipeline MD file and this is going to be how we're file and this is going to be how we're file and this is going to be how we're going to be creating these voice agents. going to be creating these voice agents. going to be creating these voice agents. Now, I want you to follow these steps Now, I want you to follow these steps Now, I want you to follow these steps clearly, okay? So, step one is going to clearly, okay? So, step one is going to clearly, okay? So, step one is going to be building out the Retail AI voice be building out the Retail AI voice be building out the Retail AI voice agent. So, this is going to be agent. So, this is going to be agent. So, this is going to be configuring the prompting format. It's configuring the prompting format. It's configuring the prompting format. It's going to be creating the voice agent going to be creating the voice agent going to be creating the voice agent specifications, so configuring the LLM, specifications, so configuring the LLM, specifications, so configuring the LLM, configuring the voice, configuring any configuring the voice, configuring any configuring the voice, configuring any settings such as settings such as settings such as call timeouts, length of calls, etc., call timeouts, length of calls, etc., call timeouts, length of calls, etc., okay? okay? okay? Then the And and also configuring tools Then the And and also configuring tools Then the And and also configuring tools as well. And this is going to be using as well. And this is going to be using as well. And this is going to be using the Retail API documentation, okay? the Retail API documentation, okay? the Retail API documentation, okay? And then from there, you are going to be And then from there, you are going to be And then from there, you are going to be building out the N8N workflows, okay? building out the N8N workflows, okay? building out the N8N workflows, okay? That's going to be step two, which is That's going to be step two, which is That's going to be step two, which is understanding the N8N workflows. When understanding the N8N workflows. When understanding the N8N workflows. When you are creating the N8N workflows, you you are creating the N8N workflows, you you are creating the N8N workflows, you need to make sure you have researched need to make sure you have researched need to make sure you have researched the necessary documentation and specific the necessary documentation and specific the necessary documentation and specific tech stack such as GoHighLevel, Twilio, tech stack such as GoHighLevel, Twilio, tech stack such as GoHighLevel, Twilio, and from there, once you've understood and from there, once you've understood and from there, once you've understood that, that's going to influence your that, that's going to influence your that, that's going to influence your decision on how you build out the N8N decision on how you build out the N8N decision on how you build out the N8N workflows. For example, the check workflows. For example, the check workflows. For example, the check availability, book appointments, etc., availability, book appointments, etc., availability, book appointments, etc., okay? okay? okay? And then step three is going to be And then step three is going to be And then step three is going to be connecting all of the voice connecting all of the voice connecting all of the voice all of the voice agents and the N8N all of the voice agents and the N8N all of the voice agents and the N8N workflows and configuring those N8N workflows and configuring those N8N workflows and configuring those N8N workflows as tools to make it fully workflows as tools to make it fully workflows as tools to make it fully functional. Step four is it is then functional. Step four is it is then functional. Step four is it is then going to be testing the agents using the going to be testing the agents using the going to be testing the agents using the manual chat, okay? manual chat, okay? manual chat, okay? And then step five is just going to be And then step five is just going to be And then step five is just going to be the overall summary of the voice agent, the overall summary of the voice agent, the overall summary of the voice agent, which you're going to be presented back which you're going to be presented back which you're going to be presented back to the user. So, we're simply going to say something So, we're simply going to say something So, we're simply going to say something like that, okay? And that's going to be like that, okay? And that's going to be like that, okay? And that's going to be the general overall process on how the general overall process on how the general overall process on how Claude Code is going to be creating Claude Code is going to be creating Claude Code is going to be creating these voice agents. Now, before we do these voice agents. Now, before we do these voice agents. Now, before we do that, I'm going to give Claude Code the that, I'm going to give Claude Code the that, I'm going to give Claude Code the API keys on how to do that. So, what API keys on how to do that. So, what API keys on how to do that. So, what we're first going to be doing is we're we're first going to be doing is we're we're first going to be doing is we're going to be doing the Retail API key, going to be doing the Retail API key, going to be doing the Retail API key, okay? To do that, simply go over to the okay? To do that, simply go over to the okay? To do that, simply go over to the settings. So, sorry, let me just move my settings. So, sorry, let me just move my settings. So, sorry, let me just move my camera quickly. camera quickly. camera quickly. Um Um Um just go over to the settings right here. just go over to the settings right here. just go over to the settings right here. Okay? Okay? Okay? And then you want to go to API keys, And then you want to go to API keys, And then you want to go to API keys, okay? Settings, API keys, and we're okay? Settings, API keys, and we're okay? Settings, API keys, and we're going to create a new API key. It's going to create a new API key. It's going to create a new API key. It's going to simply just be normal API key, going to simply just be normal API key, going to simply just be normal API key, and it's just going to be and it's just going to be and it's just going to be Claude Claude Claude code, okay? code, okay? code, okay? You can restrict permissions if you You can restrict permissions if you You can restrict permissions if you want, but just keep it full scope for want, but just keep it full scope for want, but just keep it full scope for now, okay? now, okay? now, okay? Going to get that, and then you can go Going to get that, and then you can go Going to get that, and then you can go ahead and um ahead and um ahead and um should come up. Yeah, Claude code. So, should come up. Yeah, Claude code. So, should come up. Yeah, Claude code. So, it just had to load in there. Um it just had to load in there. Um it just had to load in there. Um we're going to get this API key, and we're going to get this API key, and we're going to get this API key, and we're going to give it back to Claude, we're going to give it back to Claude, we're going to give it back to Claude, okay? And this is going to give it the okay? And this is going to give it the okay? And this is going to give it the ability to interact within the API API ability to interact within the API API ability to interact within the API API documentation um to to essentially documentation um to to essentially documentation um to to essentially create automatically create the voice create automatically create the voice create automatically create the voice agent, okay? agent, okay? agent, okay? So, So, So, that's going to be the API key, which is that's going to be the API key, which is that's going to be the API key, which is the Retail API key, okay? And then we're the Retail API key, okay? And then we're the Retail API key, okay? And then we're also going to give it our also going to give it our also going to give it our GoHighLevel GoHighLevel GoHighLevel API key, okay? Now, to get this, need to go over to Now, to get this, need to go over to Now, to get this, need to go over to your GoHighLevel account, okay? Right your GoHighLevel account, okay? Right your GoHighLevel account, okay? Right here. here. here. You want to come over to settings in the You want to come over to settings in the You want to come over to settings in the bottom left-hand corner, as you can see. bottom left-hand corner, as you can see. bottom left-hand corner, as you can see. Yeah, you want to come down, and it's Yeah, you want to come down, and it's Yeah, you want to come down, and it's going to be a private integration, okay? Going to a private integration, which is Going to a private integration, which is Going to a private integration, which is where we're going to be getting our API where we're going to be getting our API where we're going to be getting our API key. So, key. So, key. So, give it a second to load. give it a second to load. give it a second to load. Uh we're going to create new Uh we're going to create new Uh we're going to create new integration, and this is going to be integration, and this is going to be integration, and this is going to be Claude code, okay? Um API for Claude and n8n, okay? Select scopes. So, Select scopes. So, Select scopes. So, simply go ahead and just select all. simply go ahead and just select all. simply go ahead and just select all. That'll be enough for now. We can come That'll be enough for now. We can come That'll be enough for now. We can come down and click create. down and click create. down and click create. Confirm. And then that's going to be our API key, And then that's going to be our API key, And then that's going to be our API key, okay? okay? okay? So, come back. GoHighLevel API key, So, come back. GoHighLevel API key, So, come back. GoHighLevel API key, okay? Then, Then, Then, second API key that we're going to need second API key that we're going to need second API key that we're going to need is going to be our Twilio API key. So, is going to be our Twilio API key. So, is going to be our Twilio API key. So, this is our Twilio documentation. This this is our Twilio documentation. This this is our Twilio documentation. This is going to be useful for obviously is going to be useful for obviously is going to be useful for obviously um connecting our number of on you know, um connecting our number of on you know, um connecting our number of on you know, on Twilio to Retail AI as much as on Twilio to Retail AI as much as on Twilio to Retail AI as much as possible. So, possible. So, possible. So, you know, we can we can do this you know, we can we can do this you know, we can we can do this manually, but we're going to be giving manually, but we're going to be giving manually, but we're going to be giving the Twilio API documentation to Claude the Twilio API documentation to Claude the Twilio API documentation to Claude as well, because it's going to be able as well, because it's going to be able as well, because it's going to be able to create SMSs and all that type of to create SMSs and all that type of to create SMSs and all that type of stuff, okay? And to simply do that, you stuff, okay? And to simply do that, you stuff, okay? And to simply do that, you can simply just search something like can simply just search something like can simply just search something like API key up the top inside Twilio, okay? API key up the top inside Twilio, okay? API key up the top inside Twilio, okay? You want to go to home, and then API You want to go to home, and then API You want to go to home, and then API keys, and you're going to be brought keys, and you're going to be brought keys, and you're going to be brought here, okay? Then we just want to go here, okay? Then we just want to go here, okay? Then we just want to go ahead and create API key. And you are going to be brought to And you are going to be brought to And you are going to be brought to this section, this section, this section, okay? okay? okay? Um and you can just give it a name, so Um and you can just give it a name, so Um and you can just give it a name, so we'll just give it Claude code. we'll just give it Claude code. we'll just give it Claude code. Um region is going to be United States, Um region is going to be United States, Um region is going to be United States, which is fine. Key type, um just make it which is fine. Key type, um just make it which is fine. Key type, um just make it main for now, main for now, main for now, okay? okay? okay? So, table just to access everything, and So, table just to access everything, and So, table just to access everything, and then you can just click create, okay? then you can just click create, okay? then you can just click create, okay? Once we've done that, you just want to Once we've done that, you just want to Once we've done that, you just want to store all of these things. So, you've store all of these things. So, you've store all of these things. So, you've got your SID, okay? You can come back. got your SID, okay? You can come back. got your SID, okay? You can come back. And then we'll just do Twilio API keys And then we'll just do Twilio API keys And then we'll just do Twilio API keys and and and credentials. credentials. credentials. Um and then we'll do SID. Then we'll come back, and we'll do Then we'll come back, and we'll do Then we'll come back, and we'll do secret. So, this is essentially to access the So, this is essentially to access the So, this is essentially to access the REST API, and I'll show you what that REST API, and I'll show you what that REST API, and I'll show you what that is. is. is. Now, okay? So, that's essentially um Now, okay? So, that's essentially um Now, okay? So, that's essentially um what you need, okay? And then just click what you need, okay? And then just click what you need, okay? And then just click done. Right? done. Right? done. Right? So, essentially what we're going to be So, essentially what we're going to be So, essentially what we're going to be doing is this is the Twilio REST API. doing is this is the Twilio REST API. doing is this is the Twilio REST API. So, if any errors happen when someone's So, if any errors happen when someone's So, if any errors happen when someone's trying to call the number and it hangs trying to call the number and it hangs trying to call the number and it hangs up, or um something's any you know, any up, or um something's any you know, any up, or um something's any you know, any errors in Twilio, it's able to use the errors in Twilio, it's able to use the errors in Twilio, it's able to use the REST API to find any errors in your REST API to find any errors in your REST API to find any errors in your account, and Claude can look this up. It account, and Claude can look this up. It account, and Claude can look this up. It can see which is wrong. So, it's get can see which is wrong. So, it's get can see which is wrong. So, it's get essentially giving full access and full essentially giving full access and full essentially giving full access and full context to Claude. And the Twilio is context to Claude. And the Twilio is context to Claude. And the Twilio is very very important um not only for if very very important um not only for if very very important um not only for if there is any errors, but also for there is any errors, but also for there is any errors, but also for connecting numbers, connecting numbers connecting numbers, connecting numbers connecting numbers, connecting numbers to n8n workflows, sending API requests, to n8n workflows, sending API requests, to n8n workflows, sending API requests, sending SMSs. So, that's the whole point sending SMSs. So, that's the whole point sending SMSs. So, that's the whole point on why um I thought I wanted to include on why um I thought I wanted to include on why um I thought I wanted to include the Twilio API as well, just give full the Twilio API as well, just give full the Twilio API as well, just give full context to Claude, okay? context to Claude, okay? context to Claude, okay? So, that's going to be um the main So, that's going to be um the main So, that's going to be um the main thing. And then the other thing, which thing. And then the other thing, which thing. And then the other thing, which we're going to do is we're going to be we're going to do is we're going to be we're going to do is we're going to be setting up n8n. That's going to be setting up n8n. That's going to be setting up n8n. That's going to be essentially for a different part, which essentially for a different part, which essentially for a different part, which we're going to be doing after this, we're going to be doing after this, we're going to be doing after this, which is essentially setting up our n8n which is essentially setting up our n8n which is essentially setting up our n8n um credentials and all of that to create um credentials and all of that to create um credentials and all of that to create n8n workflows, okay? But for now, we're n8n workflows, okay? But for now, we're n8n workflows, okay? But for now, we're going to be sending this off, and this going to be sending this off, and this going to be sending this off, and this is going to be, you know, essentially is going to be, you know, essentially is going to be, you know, essentially second last step um before we actually second last step um before we actually second last step um before we actually get building out this voice agent. So, get building out this voice agent. So, get building out this voice agent. So, we're going to we're just giving it all we're going to we're just giving it all we're going to we're just giving it all of its credentials as well. Um of its credentials as well. Um of its credentials as well. Um And you can see it's going to be And you can see it's going to be And you can see it's going to be researching everything. researching everything. researching everything. Um I think it's going to be actually Um I think it's going to be actually Um I think it's going to be actually making the voice agent. I'll just say, making the voice agent. I'll just say, making the voice agent. I'll just say, "Do not yet make "Do not yet make "Do not yet make the voice agent. the voice agent. the voice agent. Only store the Only store the Only store the creds and make creds and make creds and make the the the MD file, okay?" MD file, okay?" MD file, okay?" So, it's going to interrupt it there, So, it's going to interrupt it there, So, it's going to interrupt it there, cuz I think it was cuz I think it was cuz I think it was Yeah, okay, awesome. That's what I Yeah, okay, awesome. That's what I Yeah, okay, awesome. That's what I wanted to do originally. Um wanted to do originally. Um wanted to do originally. Um Yeah, I did I didn't tell it to then Yeah, I did I didn't tell it to then Yeah, I did I didn't tell it to then make an MD file, but that's fine, okay? make an MD file, but that's fine, okay? make an MD file, but that's fine, okay? Yeah, I just wanted it to store the Yeah, I just wanted it to store the Yeah, I just wanted it to store the credentials um and also credentials um and also credentials um and also create an MD file as well on how on how create an MD file as well on how on how create an MD file as well on how on how to set it up, okay? to set it up, okay? to set it up, okay? All right, awesome. So, it's almost All right, awesome. So, it's almost All right, awesome. So, it's almost ready there, okay? We've got the ready there, okay? We've got the ready there, okay? We've got the setup.md, which is all of our setup.md, which is all of our setup.md, which is all of our credentials and everything um and how to credentials and everything um and how to credentials and everything um and how to configure it, all right? configure it, all right? configure it, all right? Um and then the last step we're going to Um and then the last step we're going to Um and then the last step we're going to do is we're going to create our n8n MCP do is we're going to create our n8n MCP do is we're going to create our n8n MCP and our n8n credentials and servers and our n8n credentials and servers and our n8n credentials and servers automatically create those n8n files, automatically create those n8n files, automatically create those n8n files, connect to GoHighLevel, do all of that connect to GoHighLevel, do all of that connect to GoHighLevel, do all of that good stuff, okay? Okay, okay. So, what good stuff, okay? Okay, okay. So, what good stuff, okay? Okay, okay. So, what you want to do is you want to go over to you want to do is you want to go over to you want to do is you want to go over to these two GitHub repos right here. these two GitHub repos right here. these two GitHub repos right here. Number one is going to be the MCP, and Number one is going to be the MCP, and Number one is going to be the MCP, and the number one is going to be the the number one is going to be the the number one is going to be the skills. Essentially, long story short, skills. Essentially, long story short, skills. Essentially, long story short, this is two n8n skills and tools that this is two n8n skills and tools that this is two n8n skills and tools that we're going to be giving to Claude code, we're going to be giving to Claude code, we're going to be giving to Claude code, which is essentially an in-depth which is essentially an in-depth which is essentially an in-depth documentation on how to create n8n documentation on how to create n8n documentation on how to create n8n workflows, okay? That's all this is, workflows, okay? That's all this is, workflows, okay? That's all this is, okay? So, we're going to be getting okay? So, we're going to be getting okay? So, we're going to be getting these two URLs, and we're going to be these two URLs, and we're going to be these two URLs, and we're going to be saying this. saying this. saying this. "Hey Claude, I want you to install these "Hey Claude, I want you to install these "Hey Claude, I want you to install these two n8n skills and MCP servers to two n8n skills and MCP servers to two n8n skills and MCP servers to effectively create n8n workflows." This effectively create n8n workflows." This effectively create n8n workflows." This is how we're going to be connecting is how we're going to be connecting is how we're going to be connecting Retail AI to GoHighLevel and stuff like Retail AI to GoHighLevel and stuff like Retail AI to GoHighLevel and stuff like that, okay? So, we're going to be doing um MCP. So, we're going to be doing um MCP. So, we're going to be doing um MCP. I know, that's skills, sorry. Skills, and then Skills, and then Skills, and then MCP. MCP. MCP. Okay, Okay, Okay, um come back. um come back. um come back. And And And we're going to have to heal. "Please make sure these skills and tools "Please make sure these skills and tools "Please make sure these skills and tools are in uh installed successfully, so are in uh installed successfully, so are in uh installed successfully, so they can create n8n workflows." Want to they can create n8n workflows." Want to they can create n8n workflows." Want to come over to your n8n workflow right come over to your n8n workflow right come over to your n8n workflow right here. here. here. And the first thing that you want to do And the first thing that you want to do And the first thing that you want to do is you just want to get your URL is you just want to get your URL is you just want to get your URL instance, which is just going to be this instance, which is just going to be this instance, which is just going to be this right here. So, it's just going to be right here. So, it's just going to be right here. So, it's just going to be your app name, and then dot cloud, and your app name, and then dot cloud, and your app name, and then dot cloud, and that's where that's where you want to that's where that's where you want to that's where that's where you want to copy and paste to, okay? Come back here, copy and paste to, okay? Come back here, copy and paste to, okay? Come back here, and then you want to do URL and then you want to do URL and then you want to do URL instance right here. right here. right here. And then you want to do API key as well, And then you want to do API key as well, And then you want to do API key as well, okay? Now, to get that API key, okay? Now, to get that API key, okay? Now, to get that API key, obviously you want to come down to obviously you want to come down to obviously you want to come down to settings in the bottom left right here. settings in the bottom left right here. settings in the bottom left right here. And you want to go to n8n API. And you want to go to n8n API. And you want to go to n8n API. Again, this is only going to be Again, this is only going to be Again, this is only going to be available on the the paid plan as well. available on the the paid plan as well. available on the the paid plan as well. And then we'll do Claude code. And then we'll do Claude code. And then we'll do Claude code. Set this to no expiration, and then Set this to no expiration, and then Set this to no expiration, and then save, save, save, okay? Obviously, this would be inside okay? Obviously, this would be inside okay? Obviously, this would be inside your client's um n8n instance if you your client's um n8n instance if you your client's um n8n instance if you were doing this, but I'm just doing this were doing this, but I'm just doing this were doing this, but I'm just doing this for mine now. for mine now. for mine now. And then paste it in as your API key, And then paste it in as your API key, And then paste it in as your API key, and six clicks in, right? and six clicks in, right? and six clicks in, right? So, that is going to be the entire So, that is going to be the entire So, that is going to be the entire setup. As you can see, right, setup. As you can see, right, setup. As you can see, right, everything's done. So, successfully everything's done. So, successfully everything's done. So, successfully installed the n8n MCP server and enabled installed the n8n MCP server and enabled installed the n8n MCP server and enabled the n8n skills, okay? Here's what's set the n8n skills, okay? Here's what's set the n8n skills, okay? Here's what's set up, installed, and then configuration up, installed, and then configuration up, installed, and then configuration files as well, okay? files as well, okay? files as well, okay? You can now use these skills to help You can now use these skills to help You can now use these skills to help with no configuration, JavaScript, with no configuration, JavaScript, with no configuration, JavaScript, Python code expressions, workflow Python code expressions, workflow Python code expressions, workflow patterns, etc., okay? patterns, etc., okay? patterns, etc., okay? Now, what we're going to do is we're Now, what we're going to do is we're Now, what we're going to do is we're simply going to say, simply going to say, simply going to say, "Hey Claude, I now want you just to "Hey Claude, I now want you just to "Hey Claude, I now want you just to conduct a little bit of research on the conduct a little bit of research on the conduct a little bit of research on the Retail API documentation and the Retail API documentation and the Retail API documentation and the GoHighLevel API documentation." This is GoHighLevel API documentation." This is GoHighLevel API documentation." This is going to be very useful for when you are going to be very useful for when you are going to be very useful for when you are designing our um designing our um designing our um voice agents, okay? So, when you were voice agents, okay? So, when you were voice agents, okay? So, when you were designing the n8n workflows and how they designing the n8n workflows and how they designing the n8n workflows and how they interact with GoHighLevel, and also when interact with GoHighLevel, and also when interact with GoHighLevel, and also when you are designing the prompt as well you are designing the prompt as well you are designing the prompt as well inside Retail, because the prompt is inside Retail, because the prompt is inside Retail, because the prompt is very important on how it needs to very important on how it needs to very important on how it needs to interact with GoHighLevel, n8n, and that interact with GoHighLevel, n8n, and that interact with GoHighLevel, n8n, and that type of stuff. So, I just want you to type of stuff. So, I just want you to type of stuff. So, I just want you to research, and I'll provide the research, and I'll provide the research, and I'll provide the documentation links. So, just research documentation links. So, just research documentation links. So, just research it and gain a little bit of it and gain a little bit of it and gain a little bit of understanding about it. understanding about it. understanding about it. Okay? Okay? Okay? And then from here, essentially after And then from here, essentially after And then from here, essentially after we've given it this, I'm going to clear we've given it this, I'm going to clear we've given it this, I'm going to clear the conversation, and it's going to have the conversation, and it's going to have the conversation, and it's going to have a fresh context window for then building a fresh context window for then building a fresh context window for then building the agent, because we already have all the agent, because we already have all the agent, because we already have all the MD files inside here, okay? It's the MD files inside here, okay? It's the MD files inside here, okay? It's going to essentially have everything to going to essentially have everything to going to essentially have everything to build out the production of the voice build out the production of the voice build out the production of the voice agent, okay? So, what I'm going to do is agent, okay? So, what I'm going to do is agent, okay? So, what I'm going to do is I am going to come down to the I am going to come down to the I am going to come down to the documentation, okay? documentation, okay? documentation, okay? This is going to be the docs. I'm going This is going to be the docs. I'm going This is going to be the docs. I'm going to paste that in, and I'll do to paste that in, and I'll do to paste that in, and I'll do GoHighLevel, GoHighLevel, GoHighLevel, and then Retail, okay? and then Retail, okay? and then Retail, okay? It will not need to worry about Twilio, It will not need to worry about Twilio, It will not need to worry about Twilio, because it's because it's because it's actually we we'll add in Twilio just for actually we we'll add in Twilio just for actually we we'll add in Twilio just for now. now. now. Um Um Um But Twilio is more of a smaller thing. But Twilio is more of a smaller thing. But Twilio is more of a smaller thing. It won't be using as many operations. It won't be using as many operations. It won't be using as many operations. That's why I was going to leave leave That's why I was going to leave leave That's why I was going to leave leave out, but I'll put it in anyway. Um, and out, but I'll put it in anyway. Um, and out, but I'll put it in anyway. Um, and then the retail documentation, I'll then the retail documentation, I'll then the retail documentation, I'll quickly get that. Okay, so as you can quickly get that. Okay, so as you can quickly get that. Okay, so as you can see, I just fired it off then. Sorry, I see, I just fired it off then. Sorry, I see, I just fired it off then. Sorry, I forgot to hit record, but I just went forgot to hit record, but I just went forgot to hit record, but I just went over and copied the API documentation of over and copied the API documentation of over and copied the API documentation of retail and Twilio as well. retail and Twilio as well. retail and Twilio as well. Okay? And then I came in and I simply Okay? And then I came in and I simply Okay? And then I came in and I simply just just just pasted it through here through the link. pasted it through here through the link. pasted it through here through the link. So, I just said, "Hey, research this, So, I just said, "Hey, research this, So, I just said, "Hey, research this, just get an understanding. Going to be just get an understanding. Going to be just get an understanding. Going to be using this and how it interacts, etc." using this and how it interacts, etc." using this and how it interacts, etc." Um, Um, Um, and I just clicked fire off then, so and I just clicked fire off then, so and I just clicked fire off then, so it's going to be coming back with it's going to be coming back with it's going to be coming back with probably about 5 minutes worth of probably about 5 minutes worth of probably about 5 minutes worth of research just so it can understand um research just so it can understand um research just so it can understand um everything and the documentation, okay? everything and the documentation, okay? everything and the documentation, okay? So, I'm going to be coming back once the So, I'm going to be coming back once the So, I'm going to be coming back once the research is done. research is done. research is done. Okay, so as you saw right there, we now Okay, so as you saw right there, we now Okay, so as you saw right there, we now have our research. So, we've got all of have our research. So, we've got all of have our research. So, we've got all of the research done. And then there's one the research done. And then there's one the research done. And then there's one more thing that I forgot to add is you more thing that I forgot to add is you more thing that I forgot to add is you want to add in this prompting format. want to add in this prompting format. want to add in this prompting format. So, simply So, simply So, simply I will leave this down below in the link I will leave this down below in the link I will leave this down below in the link description. This is just a prompting description. This is just a prompting description. This is just a prompting guide that we can give to Claude on how guide that we can give to Claude on how guide that we can give to Claude on how to actually prompt agent, you know? to actually prompt agent, you know? to actually prompt agent, you know? Whilst the prompting would be pretty Whilst the prompting would be pretty Whilst the prompting would be pretty decent from Claude, I just really want decent from Claude, I just really want decent from Claude, I just really want to give it a format that it can actually to give it a format that it can actually to give it a format that it can actually understand, okay? So, simply all you can understand, okay? So, simply all you can understand, okay? So, simply all you can go ahead and do is just come back and go ahead and do is just come back and go ahead and do is just come back and paste this into Claude and you can say paste this into Claude and you can say paste this into Claude and you can say something like this. You could say, something like this. You could say, something like this. You could say, "Hey Claude, I now want you add a prompt "Hey Claude, I now want you add a prompt "Hey Claude, I now want you add a prompt MD files that you can use for the MD files that you can use for the MD files that you can use for the standardization of each prompt for each standardization of each prompt for each standardization of each prompt for each voice agent you create, okay? Um, this voice agent you create, okay? Um, this voice agent you create, okay? Um, this is very important to follow this is very important to follow this is very important to follow this prompting format." prompting format." prompting format." So, you can just simply go ahead and So, you can just simply go ahead and So, you can just simply go ahead and send that off and then click send. I've send that off and then click send. I've send that off and then click send. I've already done this inside my workspace. already done this inside my workspace. already done this inside my workspace. Um, so it's just added that prompt MD Um, so it's just added that prompt MD Um, so it's just added that prompt MD file, okay? So, file, okay? So, file, okay? So, um, once you've done that, it's going to um, once you've done that, it's going to um, once you've done that, it's going to return a file a little bit like this, return a file a little bit like this, return a file a little bit like this, okay? okay? okay? Cuz this is just a prompting guide in a Cuz this is just a prompting guide in a Cuz this is just a prompting guide in a format that Claude is going to use, format that Claude is going to use, format that Claude is going to use, okay? All right, and then what we want to do All right, and then what we want to do All right, and then what we want to do is after you've added that in, okay? You is after you've added that in, okay? You is after you've added that in, okay? You want to just update the Claude MD a want to just update the Claude MD a want to just update the Claude MD a little bit, okay? So, because we created little bit, okay? So, because we created little bit, okay? So, because we created this earlier on, um, I just want to this earlier on, um, I just want to this earlier on, um, I just want to update this documentation as well. Just update this documentation as well. Just update this documentation as well. Just make sure it's all updated as well. So, make sure it's all updated as well. So, make sure it's all updated as well. So, I'll just say, I'll just say, I'll just say, "Hey Claude, can you please update the "Hey Claude, can you please update the "Hey Claude, can you please update the Claude MD now? Um, again with the new MD Claude MD now? Um, again with the new MD Claude MD now? Um, again with the new MD file such as the setup, the prompt file such as the setup, the prompt file such as the setup, the prompt format template, the research document. format template, the research document. format template, the research document. Just update the Claude MD so it has full Just update the Claude MD so it has full Just update the Claude MD so it has full context of the locations in the files context of the locations in the files context of the locations in the files and everything." So, yeah, that's going to be our full So, yeah, that's going to be our full So, yeah, that's going to be our full setup done pretty much, okay? setup done pretty much, okay? setup done pretty much, okay? Um, and yeah, that's going to be Um, and yeah, that's going to be Um, and yeah, that's going to be everything. So, we've got our tools everything. So, we've got our tools everything. So, we've got our tools configured, our N8N configured, we've configured, our N8N configured, we've configured, our N8N configured, we've got all of our APIs. We've given it the got all of our APIs. We've given it the got all of our APIs. We've given it the necessary setup, we've given it the necessary setup, we've given it the necessary setup, we've given it the necessary prompting. So, now it has necessary prompting. So, now it has necessary prompting. So, now it has everything to create the voice agents. everything to create the voice agents. everything to create the voice agents. So, now what you can literally do if So, now what you can literally do if So, now what you can literally do if you'd like is simply just go ahead and you'd like is simply just go ahead and you'd like is simply just go ahead and describe what you want done, okay? Um, describe what you want done, okay? Um, describe what you want done, okay? Um, but I recommend following along to see but I recommend following along to see but I recommend following along to see exactly how I format everything and set exactly how I format everything and set exactly how I format everything and set up everything. Um, okay? So, get we can up everything. Um, okay? So, get we can up everything. Um, okay? So, get we can It's just going to go ahead and added It's just going to go ahead and added It's just going to go ahead and added that right here, okay? So, now I'm going that right here, okay? So, now I'm going that right here, okay? So, now I'm going to do is I'm just going to do to do is I'm just going to do to do is I'm just going to do /clear and now we can begin to build our /clear and now we can begin to build our /clear and now we can begin to build our voice agent. So, the very first thing voice agent. So, the very first thing voice agent. So, the very first thing that I'm going to do that I'm going to do that I'm going to do is I'm going to come back to my is I'm going to come back to my is I'm going to come back to my Excalidraw right here and I'm going to Excalidraw right here and I'm going to Excalidraw right here and I'm going to just be explaining Claude on the overall just be explaining Claude on the overall just be explaining Claude on the overall project and then I'm going to be asking project and then I'm going to be asking project and then I'm going to be asking it to create a retail agent. It's only it to create a retail agent. It's only it to create a retail agent. It's only going to be creating that now, it's going to be creating that now, it's going to be creating that now, it's going to be creating the prompt, it's going to be creating the prompt, it's going to be creating the prompt, it's going to be creating the tools, um, and going to be creating the tools, um, and going to be creating the tools, um, and everything necessary for it. So, what I everything necessary for it. So, what I everything necessary for it. So, what I would recommend for whatever, you know, would recommend for whatever, you know, would recommend for whatever, you know, project you're doing, you know, it'd be project you're doing, you know, it'd be project you're doing, you know, it'd be very useful if you'd have a little very useful if you'd have a little very useful if you'd have a little diagram like this up so you can actually diagram like this up so you can actually diagram like this up so you can actually go ahead and explain to Claude the the go ahead and explain to Claude the the go ahead and explain to Claude the the whole architecture of the voice agent whole architecture of the voice agent whole architecture of the voice agent because that's going to influence how because that's going to influence how because that's going to influence how it's going to build the prompt, it's going to build the prompt, it's going to build the prompt, therefore influence how it's going to therefore influence how it's going to therefore influence how it's going to build out the entire rest of the project build out the entire rest of the project build out the entire rest of the project through N8N and stuff like that, okay? through N8N and stuff like that, okay? through N8N and stuff like that, okay? So, with that being said, I'm simply So, with that being said, I'm simply So, with that being said, I'm simply just going to go ahead and explain to just going to go ahead and explain to just going to go ahead and explain to Claude what the project is about and Claude what the project is about and Claude what the project is about and then ask it to build a retail voice then ask it to build a retail voice then ask it to build a retail voice agent, okay? "Hey Claude, I now want you agent, okay? "Hey Claude, I now want you agent, okay? "Hey Claude, I now want you to build me a retail voice AI agent to build me a retail voice AI agent to build me a retail voice AI agent using a conversational young female using a conversational young female using a conversational young female friendly reception-like Australian friendly reception-like Australian friendly reception-like Australian voice, okay? And of course, the agent's voice, okay? And of course, the agent's voice, okay? And of course, the agent's going to be for the physio clinic and going to be for the physio clinic and going to be for the physio clinic and I'm just going to give you the general I'm just going to give you the general I'm just going to give you the general structure of the agent so you can structure of the agent so you can structure of the agent so you can effectively design the prompt, okay? So, effectively design the prompt, okay? So, effectively design the prompt, okay? So, the first thing is is whenever retail AI the first thing is is whenever retail AI the first thing is is whenever retail AI answers, we need to add a back-end answers, we need to add a back-end answers, we need to add a back-end lookup that is going to look up the lookup that is going to look up the lookup that is going to look up the customer's phone number inside customer's phone number inside customer's phone number inside GoHighLevel, okay? And the reason why GoHighLevel, okay? And the reason why GoHighLevel, okay? And the reason why we're going to do is because if they do we're going to do is because if they do we're going to do is because if they do exist inside the customer CRM, okay? exist inside the customer CRM, okay? exist inside the customer CRM, okay? We're going to be using their details We're going to be using their details We're going to be using their details existingly in the prompt, okay? So, you existingly in the prompt, okay? So, you existingly in the prompt, okay? So, you need to make sure you create dynamic need to make sure you create dynamic need to make sure you create dynamic variables for that lookup function if a variables for that lookup function if a variables for that lookup function if a customer does exist. And then we can use customer does exist. And then we can use customer does exist. And then we can use those dynamic variables inside the those dynamic variables inside the those dynamic variables inside the conversation to simply just go ahead and conversation to simply just go ahead and conversation to simply just go ahead and confirm to the user. Okay, this is going confirm to the user. Okay, this is going confirm to the user. Okay, this is going to be very uh important when we're doing to be very uh important when we're doing to be very uh important when we're doing the appointment scheduling process, the appointment scheduling process, the appointment scheduling process, okay? And then if the contact's not okay? And then if the contact's not okay? And then if the contact's not found, we'll just go ahead and resume found, we'll just go ahead and resume found, we'll just go ahead and resume the normal conversation, okay? Then the normal conversation, okay? Then the normal conversation, okay? Then we're going to move on to some of the we're going to move on to some of the we're going to move on to some of the intent classifications. So, we're going intent classifications. So, we're going intent classifications. So, we're going to have six different types of intents to have six different types of intents to have six different types of intents basically. We're going to have a basically. We're going to have a basically. We're going to have a transfer to whenever someone requests to transfer to whenever someone requests to transfer to whenever someone requests to transfer to a staff or they have transfer to a staff or they have transfer to a staff or they have information or questions about billing. information or questions about billing. information or questions about billing. We have a book, we have a reschedule, we We have a book, we have a reschedule, we We have a book, we have a reschedule, we have a cancel, we have a check have a cancel, we have a check have a cancel, we have a check availability and answer questions via availability and answer questions via availability and answer questions via custom knowledge base inside retail. Of custom knowledge base inside retail. Of custom knowledge base inside retail. Of course, all of the appointment booking course, all of the appointment booking course, all of the appointment booking functions are using GoHighLevel, so I functions are using GoHighLevel, so I functions are using GoHighLevel, so I want you to figure all of that out. want you to figure all of that out. want you to figure all of that out. Um, and then we'll also be sending SMS Um, and then we'll also be sending SMS Um, and then we'll also be sending SMS confirmations via GoHighLevel. So, confirmations via GoHighLevel. So, confirmations via GoHighLevel. So, within inside the prompt, make sure you within inside the prompt, make sure you within inside the prompt, make sure you say you'll get a confirmation SMS as say you'll get a confirmation SMS as say you'll get a confirmation SMS as well. And then finally, we're going to well. And then finally, we're going to well. And then finally, we're going to add a retail end of webhook call um add a retail end of webhook call um add a retail end of webhook call um webhook, which is going to be going to webhook, which is going to be going to webhook, which is going to be going to an N8N workflow, which is going to be an N8N workflow, which is going to be an N8N workflow, which is going to be updating the Google Sheet. So, this is updating the Google Sheet. So, this is updating the Google Sheet. So, this is stuff like transcript, the summary, um, stuff like transcript, the summary, um, stuff like transcript, the summary, um, extracted fields, etc. So, that's just a extracted fields, etc. So, that's just a extracted fields, etc. So, that's just a full full full context of um the voice agent. So, you context of um the voice agent. So, you context of um the voice agent. So, you need to now effectively design effective need to now effectively design effective need to now effectively design effective prompt to handle this entire scenario, prompt to handle this entire scenario, prompt to handle this entire scenario, okay? okay? okay? So, So, So, that is something that you can do, okay? that is something that you can do, okay? that is something that you can do, okay? Just explain the entire project to Just explain the entire project to Just explain the entire project to Claude. This is important to do it at Claude. This is important to do it at Claude. This is important to do it at the start, um, because just so it can the start, um, because just so it can the start, um, because just so it can understand the entire context because understand the entire context because understand the entire context because that's going to influence how it's going that's going to influence how it's going that's going to influence how it's going to create the the prompt, the workflows, to create the the prompt, the workflows, to create the the prompt, the workflows, etc., okay? So, I'm going to be using etc., okay? So, I'm going to be using etc., okay? So, I'm going to be using plan mode for this, okay? plan mode for this, okay? plan mode for this, okay? Um, and I'm going to send it off as a Um, and I'm going to send it off as a Um, and I'm going to send it off as a plan right here before it builds out plan right here before it builds out plan right here before it builds out everything. Just so we can confirm it, everything. Just so we can confirm it, everything. Just so we can confirm it, okay? So, this particular step is just okay? So, this particular step is just okay? So, this particular step is just going to be creating the prompt, all the going to be creating the prompt, all the going to be creating the prompt, all the tools, all the configurations inside tools, all the configurations inside tools, all the configurations inside retail, okay? Um, and then the second retail, okay? Um, and then the second retail, okay? Um, and then the second part, once it does understand the full part, once it does understand the full part, once it does understand the full plan and the full setup, it's then going plan and the full setup, it's then going plan and the full setup, it's then going to create the workflows and everything to create the workflows and everything to create the workflows and everything inside GoHighLevel and that type of inside GoHighLevel and that type of inside GoHighLevel and that type of stuff, okay? So, uh I'm going to come stuff, okay? So, uh I'm going to come stuff, okay? So, uh I'm going to come back to you once this is done and we back to you once this is done and we back to you once this is done and we have the full plan. I'll run you through have the full plan. I'll run you through have the full plan. I'll run you through it. If everything's good, we'll just it. If everything's good, we'll just it. If everything's good, we'll just click confirm and then we're going to click confirm and then we're going to click confirm and then we're going to begin the first step, which is building begin the first step, which is building begin the first step, which is building the voice agent inside retail. Okay, so the voice agent inside retail. Okay, so the voice agent inside retail. Okay, so we can see it has the full plan. So, we can see it has the full plan. So, we can see it has the full plan. So, build the production-grade retail voice build the production-grade retail voice build the production-grade retail voice agent for Brisbane uh physiotherapy. The agent for Brisbane uh physiotherapy. The agent for Brisbane uh physiotherapy. The agent must greet callers, young agent must greet callers, young agent must greet callers, young professional voice, um, identify professional voice, um, identify professional voice, um, identify returning patients via GoHighLevel returning patients via GoHighLevel returning patients via GoHighLevel number lookup at the start of the call, number lookup at the start of the call, number lookup at the start of the call, classify caller intent using six classify caller intent using six classify caller intent using six buckets, handle bookings, reschedule, buckets, handle bookings, reschedule, buckets, handle bookings, reschedule, cancel, availability, FAQs, um, cancel, availability, FAQs, um, cancel, availability, FAQs, um, transfer. Awesome. transfer. Awesome. transfer. Awesome. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, follows everything, um, architecture So, follows everything, um, architecture So, follows everything, um, architecture stuff. Cool. stuff. Cool. stuff. Cool. From number, yep. All right, sweet. So, it's got most of All right, sweet. So, it's got most of All right, sweet. So, it's got most of that in there. Retail injects these as that in there. Retail injects these as that in there. Retail injects these as dynamic variables. We've got our call 1 dynamic variables. We've got our call 1 dynamic variables. We've got our call 1 2 3 4 5. Got all the transfer, check 2 3 4 5. Got all the transfer, check 2 3 4 5. Got all the transfer, check availabilities, availabilities, availabilities, um, knowledge base, okay. um, knowledge base, okay. um, knowledge base, okay. Post-call analysis. So, yeah, looks Post-call analysis. So, yeah, looks Post-call analysis. So, yeah, looks pretty good to me. Um, pretty good to me. Um, pretty good to me. Um, we've got the prompt right here as well. Okay. Um, yeah, sounds Um, yeah, sounds Um, yeah, sounds pre- pretty good. Just reading through pre- pretty good. Just reading through pre- pretty good. Just reading through everything. So, I recommend using the everything. So, I recommend using the everything. So, I recommend using the plan mode. Um, plan mode. Um, plan mode. Um, so yeah. Yeah, sweet. Okay. So, we're just going Yeah, sweet. Okay. So, we're just going Yeah, sweet. Okay. So, we're just going to tell it to only create the stuff to tell it to only create the stuff to tell it to only create the stuff inside retail cuz I just like splitting inside retail cuz I just like splitting inside retail cuz I just like splitting it up cuz I find it just gets a little it up cuz I find it just gets a little it up cuz I find it just gets a little bit higher outputs on each result if you bit higher outputs on each result if you bit higher outputs on each result if you split it up to kind of one, create the split it up to kind of one, create the split it up to kind of one, create the retail agent separately with all the retail agent separately with all the retail agent separately with all the pre- placeholders and stuff like that, pre- placeholders and stuff like that, pre- placeholders and stuff like that, and then create the N8N workflows, and and then create the N8N workflows, and and then create the N8N workflows, and then connect it all together. I find it then connect it all together. I find it then connect it all together. I find it just gets better outputs because we've just gets better outputs because we've just gets better outputs because we've prompted it kind of individually inside prompted it kind of individually inside prompted it kind of individually inside the conversation. the conversation. the conversation. Okay? So, um, I It looks all pretty good Okay? So, um, I It looks all pretty good Okay? So, um, I It looks all pretty good just from just from just from reading everything. So, I'm going to go reading everything. So, I'm going to go reading everything. So, I'm going to go ahead and just prompt it and say, "Hey, ahead and just prompt it and say, "Hey, ahead and just prompt it and say, "Hey, look, only create the agent and stuff look, only create the agent and stuff look, only create the agent and stuff like that, okay?" We'll just say this. like that, okay?" We'll just say this. like that, okay?" We'll just say this. Um, Um, Um, "Yeah, the plan looks pretty good. So, "Yeah, the plan looks pretty good. So, "Yeah, the plan looks pretty good. So, to go ahead with this plan, but please to go ahead with this plan, but please to go ahead with this plan, but please only just create the retail only just create the retail only just create the retail configurations, configurations, configurations, um, um, um, as well. as well. as well. That is going to be the only thing. That is going to be the only thing. That is going to be the only thing. Um, just create the retail prompt and Um, just create the retail prompt and Um, just create the retail prompt and the tools. You can create the tools as the tools. You can create the tools as the tools. You can create the tools as placeholders because we're going to be placeholders because we're going to be placeholders because we're going to be building out the N8N workflows through building out the N8N workflows through building out the N8N workflows through GoHighLevel N8N and then replacing it GoHighLevel N8N and then replacing it GoHighLevel N8N and then replacing it and adding them as tools, okay? That's and adding them as tools, okay? That's and adding them as tools, okay? That's the process I want you to follow. the process I want you to follow. the process I want you to follow. So, please make sure you follow that So, please make sure you follow that So, please make sure you follow that process process process and Yeah. So, yeah, please make sure you Yeah. So, yeah, please make sure you Yeah. So, yeah, please make sure you follow that process follow that process follow that process and and and also I want you to configure a few of also I want you to configure a few of also I want you to configure a few of the call settings. Make the call overall the call settings. Make the call overall the call settings. Make the call overall limit um, only five Make make it 6 limit um, only five Make make it 6 limit um, only five Make make it 6 minutes, minutes, minutes, um, and then end call on silence for 30 um, and then end call on silence for 30 um, and then end call on silence for 30 seconds as well. seconds as well. seconds as well. Um, Um, Um, and then you can if you can also add in and then you can if you can also add in and then you can if you can also add in some boosted keywords as well that are, some boosted keywords as well that are, some boosted keywords as well that are, you know, Australian receptionist would you know, Australian receptionist would you know, Australian receptionist would use, use, use, um, um, um, please do that as well. But yeah, only please do that as well. But yeah, only please do that as well. But yeah, only create the retail configuration. We'll create the retail configuration. We'll create the retail configuration. We'll move on to any then go high level a move on to any then go high level a move on to any then go high level a little bit later. Okay. Awesome. So, Okay. Awesome. So, Okay. Awesome. So, um, yeah, I've just prompted it to um, yeah, I've just prompted it to um, yeah, I've just prompted it to obviously only create the the um, obviously only create the the um, obviously only create the the um, the the the the um, the the agent inside the um, the the agent inside the um, the the agent inside retail. retail. retail. Um, and then I've also added some Um, and then I've also added some Um, and then I've also added some configurations around the settings as configurations around the settings as configurations around the settings as well, okay? well, okay? well, okay? But yeah, it should it should be all But yeah, it should it should be all But yeah, it should it should be all good to go. I've just updated the the good to go. I've just updated the the good to go. I've just updated the the plan for now because I think it it was plan for now because I think it it was plan for now because I think it it was going to to use, going to to use, going to to use, you know, the testing and and stuff you know, the testing and and stuff you know, the testing and and stuff right there. So, we don't we don't want right there. So, we don't we don't want right there. So, we don't we don't want that yet. Sweet. So, we're going to go that yet. Sweet. So, we're going to go that yet. Sweet. So, we're going to go ahead and click yes and auto accept, ahead and click yes and auto accept, ahead and click yes and auto accept, okay? So, now it's going to create okay? So, now it's going to create okay? So, now it's going to create everything inside retail. It's going to everything inside retail. It's going to everything inside retail. It's going to build the prompt, um, and it's going to build the prompt, um, and it's going to build the prompt, um, and it's going to configure, um, everything right there, configure, um, everything right there, configure, um, everything right there, right? right? right? So, um, I'll just come back to you once So, um, I'll just come back to you once So, um, I'll just come back to you once everything's done. There's no point everything's done. There's no point everything's done. There's no point really waiting in here. Claude is really waiting in here. Claude is really waiting in here. Claude is essentially just going in the essentially just going in the essentially just going in the background. It's using retail's API key, background. It's using retail's API key, background. It's using retail's API key, um, and it's going through creating the um, and it's going through creating the um, and it's going through creating the voice agent, updating tools, all that voice agent, updating tools, all that voice agent, updating tools, all that type of stuff, okay? So, um, I'll come type of stuff, okay? So, um, I'll come type of stuff, okay? So, um, I'll come back to you once this full thing is done back to you once this full thing is done back to you once this full thing is done and we'll do a full review of the first and we'll do a full review of the first and we'll do a full review of the first part of the build. And then once that's part of the build. And then once that's part of the build. And then once that's all good, we can go back and we can all good, we can go back and we can all good, we can go back and we can configure the N8N workflows and go configure the N8N workflows and go configure the N8N workflows and go through go high level and that type of through go high level and that type of through go high level and that type of stuff. So, as we can see, everything has stuff. So, as we can see, everything has stuff. So, as we can see, everything has been done. It's gone ahead and deployed been done. It's gone ahead and deployed been done. It's gone ahead and deployed it to retail. Um, it actually forgot to it to retail. Um, it actually forgot to it to retail. Um, it actually forgot to do it via the API. It created the files do it via the API. It created the files do it via the API. It created the files up here as you can see, but I just up here as you can see, but I just up here as you can see, but I just simply said, "Hey, create it via the simply said, "Hey, create it via the simply said, "Hey, create it via the API." And it was fine, okay? So, if you API." And it was fine, okay? So, if you API." And it was fine, okay? So, if you run into that issue, just tell it to run into that issue, just tell it to run into that issue, just tell it to automatically create it, okay? Sometimes automatically create it, okay? Sometimes automatically create it, okay? Sometimes it'll try and be lazy. Um, so yeah, it's it'll try and be lazy. Um, so yeah, it's it'll try and be lazy. Um, so yeah, it's gone ahead and created it. Um, and then gone ahead and created it. Um, and then gone ahead and created it. Um, and then also it forgot to create the knowledge also it forgot to create the knowledge also it forgot to create the knowledge base as well. So, I simply just said, base as well. So, I simply just said, base as well. So, I simply just said, "Hey, you forgot to create the knowledge "Hey, you forgot to create the knowledge "Hey, you forgot to create the knowledge base. So, just go ahead and add it in." base. So, just go ahead and add it in." base. So, just go ahead and add it in." And I just gave it its website. So, now And I just gave it its website. So, now And I just gave it its website. So, now we can go ahead and review the full we can go ahead and review the full we can go ahead and review the full result. So, if we come over to our result. So, if we come over to our result. So, if we come over to our retail instance here, I'll just quickly retail instance here, I'll just quickly retail instance here, I'll just quickly refresh it. You can see that the refresh it. You can see that the refresh it. You can see that the the agent is already configured right the agent is already configured right the agent is already configured right there. there. there. So, if we just refresh it here, we'll be So, if we just refresh it here, we'll be So, if we just refresh it here, we'll be able to able to able to to go into the dashboard and review to go into the dashboard and review to go into the dashboard and review everything, right? We click into the agent, We click into the agent, We click into the agent, we will be able to we will be able to we will be able to do a full review. do a full review. do a full review. Awesome. Okay, wow. So, it's got the Awesome. Okay, wow. So, it's got the Awesome. Okay, wow. So, it's got the prompt right here. It's got our role, prompt right here. It's got our role, prompt right here. It's got our role, our current time by dynamic variable, our current time by dynamic variable, our current time by dynamic variable, which is very good. Again, I'm not going which is very good. Again, I'm not going which is very good. Again, I'm not going to read through this in depth too much. to read through this in depth too much. to read through this in depth too much. I'm just going to I'm just going to I'm just going to skim over everything and make sure it's skim over everything and make sure it's skim over everything and make sure it's fine. fine. fine. It's got step one. So, at the start of It's got step one. So, at the start of It's got step one. So, at the start of every call, the system has looked up the every call, the system has looked up the every call, the system has looked up the customer's number. Okay, awesome. All customer's number. Okay, awesome. All customer's number. Okay, awesome. All right, we're going to we're going to right, we're going to we're going to right, we're going to we're going to check this later, all right? check this later, all right? check this later, all right? Um, looked up the customer's number Um, looked up the customer's number Um, looked up the customer's number right here. So, it's done some right here. So, it's done some right here. So, it's done some formatting, which it is is it returning formatting, which it is is it returning formatting, which it is is it returning true or false? true or false? true or false? Um, and then if it is true, it's going Um, and then if it is true, it's going Um, and then if it is true, it's going to say, "Welcome back." If it is false, to say, "Welcome back." If it is false, to say, "Welcome back." If it is false, it's going to say, "Hey, how can I help it's going to say, "Hey, how can I help it's going to say, "Hey, how can I help you today?" All right? And then it's got you today?" All right? And then it's got you today?" All right? And then it's got all of the customer's information in all of the customer's information in all of the customer's information in which we can use for the booking, okay? which we can use for the booking, okay? which we can use for the booking, okay? Step two, which is classify intent. So, Step two, which is classify intent. So, Step two, which is classify intent. So, we've got transfer, book, reschedule, we've got transfer, book, reschedule, we've got transfer, book, reschedule, cancel, check availability, FAQ. cancel, check availability, FAQ. cancel, check availability, FAQ. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. All right. Um, we've got step three, All right. Um, we've got step three, All right. Um, we've got step three, which is route by intent, right? Which which is route by intent, right? Which which is route by intent, right? Which is transferring, okay? So, no worries, is transferring, okay? So, no worries, is transferring, okay? So, no worries, I'll put you through. We've got booking, I'll put you through. We've got booking, I'll put you through. We've got booking, so that's the full process for um, so that's the full process for um, so that's the full process for um, booking, all right? Um, booking, all right? Um, booking, all right? Um, yep. So, it's the issue in the business yep. So, it's the issue in the business yep. So, it's the issue in the business has got two locations, so has got two locations, so has got two locations, so it's asked for the the location they it's asked for the the location they it's asked for the the location they want and the preferred date and window. want and the preferred date and window. want and the preferred date and window. We've got check availability. Awesome. We've got check availability. Awesome. We've got check availability. Awesome. All right. Yeah, and then it's just All right. Yeah, and then it's just All right. Yeah, and then it's just going to confirm the email file, all going to confirm the email file, all going to confirm the email file, all right? And skip the name, right? And skip the name, right? And skip the name, all right? If it is returning, yeah. all right? If it is returning, yeah. all right? If it is returning, yeah. That's good. So, it's got if it is a That's good. So, it's got if it is a That's good. So, it's got if it is a returning customer or a new customer, returning customer or a new customer, returning customer or a new customer, it's able to ask for details or verify it's able to ask for details or verify it's able to ask for details or verify and confirm details. and confirm details. and confirm details. Then we've got the same for reschedule, Then we've got the same for reschedule, Then we've got the same for reschedule, cancel. Again, I'm not going to go cancel. Again, I'm not going to go cancel. Again, I'm not going to go through this too much because we don't through this too much because we don't through this too much because we don't really need to. I'm just making sure really need to. I'm just making sure really need to. I'm just making sure it's all good. it's all good. it's all good. Um, yeah. Um, yeah. Um, yeah. Looks pretty good. We've got different Looks pretty good. We've got different Looks pretty good. We've got different confirmations, yeah. So, the prompt confirmations, yeah. So, the prompt confirmations, yeah. So, the prompt looks pretty good. We've got a little looks pretty good. We've got a little looks pretty good. We've got a little bit of context bit of context bit of context through there. Again, this is all from a through there. Again, this is all from a through there. Again, this is all from a real business's info. I'm just using an real business's info. I'm just using an real business's info. I'm just using an example business around me. example business around me. example business around me. Okay. Okay. Okay. And yeah. And yeah. And yeah. So, we've got that. New call, yeah. So, So, we've got that. New call, yeah. So, So, we've got that. New call, yeah. So, everything looks pretty good inside everything looks pretty good inside everything looks pretty good inside here. We've got notes, all right? here. We've got notes, all right? here. We've got notes, all right? Awesome. So, yeah, everything looks Awesome. So, yeah, everything looks Awesome. So, yeah, everything looks really good. And then another thing that really good. And then another thing that really good. And then another thing that I want to check, if we go into the I want to check, if we go into the I want to check, if we go into the functions, we can see we've got check functions, we can see we've got check functions, we can see we've got check availability, right? With the N8N URL availability, right? With the N8N URL availability, right? With the N8N URL placeholder, of course. We've got the placeholder, of course. We've got the placeholder, of course. We've got the book appointment, reschedule, cancel, book appointment, reschedule, cancel, book appointment, reschedule, cancel, transfer, okay? transfer, okay? transfer, okay? All right, and we also got the knowledge All right, and we also got the knowledge All right, and we also got the knowledge base as well. So, this is going to be base as well. So, this is going to be base as well. So, this is going to be the knowledge base for our agent when the knowledge base for our agent when the knowledge base for our agent when they ask any questions, okay? And then I they ask any questions, okay? And then I they ask any questions, okay? And then I also want to check some of the yep, also want to check some of the yep, also want to check some of the yep, okay, speech settings as well. It's also okay, speech settings as well. It's also okay, speech settings as well. It's also listened to some back channeling words. listened to some back channeling words. listened to some back channeling words. This is just to make it a little bit This is just to make it a little bit This is just to make it a little bit more conversational, more conversational, more conversational, all right? all right? all right? Um, so that's all good. And, you know, Um, so that's all good. And, you know, Um, so that's all good. And, you know, you can add in background sound if you you can add in background sound if you you can add in background sound if you want. want. want. And then the call settings as well. So, And then the call settings as well. So, And then the call settings as well. So, I asked it for 6 minutes and 30 seconds, I asked it for 6 minutes and 30 seconds, I asked it for 6 minutes and 30 seconds, which is perfect, okay? which is perfect, okay? which is perfect, okay? Um, so that's really good. And then we Um, so that's really good. And then we Um, so that's really good. And then we also have our post call extraction. So, also have our post call extraction. So, also have our post call extraction. So, this is all the information that's going this is all the information that's going this is all the information that's going to be getting sent to our, you know, to be getting sent to our, you know, to be getting sent to our, you know, little app that we're going to design. little app that we're going to design. little app that we're going to design. We can give it to the customer, We can give it to the customer, We can give it to the customer, okay? okay? okay? And then we also have our And then we also have our And then we also have our um, webhook settings, which is going to um, webhook settings, which is going to um, webhook settings, which is going to be the place you're going to be the N8N be the place you're going to be the N8N be the place you're going to be the N8N webhook URL. And that's going to be webhook URL. And that's going to be webhook URL. And that's going to be after the call, okay? So, yeah, it looks after the call, okay? So, yeah, it looks after the call, okay? So, yeah, it looks pretty good. Um, and then one more thing pretty good. Um, and then one more thing pretty good. Um, and then one more thing I did want to check, if we come into I did want to check, if we come into I did want to check, if we come into phone numbers here, phone numbers here, phone numbers here, again, we're going to again, we're going to again, we're going to cuz we're going to need to deploy this cuz we're going to need to deploy this cuz we're going to need to deploy this to a phone number and we're going to to a phone number and we're going to to a phone number and we're going to need to add a inbound webhook, okay? And need to add a inbound webhook, okay? And need to add a inbound webhook, okay? And that is going to be the agent that that is going to be the agent that that is going to be the agent that obviously is going to be sending obviously is going to be sending obviously is going to be sending information to a webhook, etc., okay? information to a webhook, etc., okay? information to a webhook, etc., okay? So, yeah, that's important. Okay, so everything looks pretty good. Okay, so everything looks pretty good. Okay, so everything looks pretty good. So, now we can move on to to the next So, now we can move on to to the next So, now we can move on to to the next part of the part of the part of the build, okay? build, okay? build, okay? Um, so what we're going to do is we're Um, so what we're going to do is we're Um, so what we're going to do is we're going to do slash going to do slash going to do slash compact right here compact right here compact right here just to just to just to compact the conversation cuz we can see compact the conversation cuz we can see compact the conversation cuz we can see we're getting close to the the context we're getting close to the the context we're getting close to the the context window right here. window right here. window right here. We're just going to do slash compact We're just going to do slash compact We're just going to do slash compact again. I recommend doing it around again. I recommend doing it around again. I recommend doing it around 60% honestly, um, for the best outputs. 60% honestly, um, for the best outputs. 60% honestly, um, for the best outputs. So, it's just going to compact this So, it's just going to compact this So, it's just going to compact this conversation, conversation, conversation, um, into into into just one um, into into into just one um, into into into just one summary essentially, okay? summary essentially, okay? summary essentially, okay? So, after that's done, we can then move So, after that's done, we can then move So, after that's done, we can then move on to creating all of the workflows. on to creating all of the workflows. on to creating all of the workflows. Okay, this is going to be the big big Okay, this is going to be the big big Okay, this is going to be the big big task for Claude. So, creating the task for Claude. So, creating the task for Claude. So, creating the workflows, booking in appointments, um, workflows, booking in appointments, um, workflows, booking in appointments, um, all of the workflows connected to go all of the workflows connected to go all of the workflows connected to go high level, etc. So, high level, etc. So, high level, etc. So, once that's done, we can add everything once that's done, we can add everything once that's done, we can add everything together and then we will we'll move on together and then we will we'll move on together and then we will we'll move on to testing, which is going to be the to testing, which is going to be the to testing, which is going to be the really big phase of using Claude to test really big phase of using Claude to test really big phase of using Claude to test the agents, fix certain things, etc. the agents, fix certain things, etc. the agents, fix certain things, etc. Awesome. So, it's gone ahead and Awesome. So, it's gone ahead and Awesome. So, it's gone ahead and compacted everything. I'll just move compacted everything. I'll just move compacted everything. I'll just move my camera so you can see it. my camera so you can see it. my camera so you can see it. Um, yeah, it's gone ahead and compacted Um, yeah, it's gone ahead and compacted Um, yeah, it's gone ahead and compacted everything. So, now let's move on to the everything. So, now let's move on to the everything. So, now let's move on to the next stage. We'll say, next stage. We'll say, next stage. We'll say, "Hey Claude, I now want you to create "Hey Claude, I now want you to create "Hey Claude, I now want you to create all of the workflows inside N8N. So, the all of the workflows inside N8N. So, the all of the workflows inside N8N. So, the check availability, the book check availability, the book check availability, the book appointment, cancel, reschedule. appointment, cancel, reschedule. appointment, cancel, reschedule. Um, I want you to create all of the Um, I want you to create all of the Um, I want you to create all of the workflows inside N8N and I really want workflows inside N8N and I really want workflows inside N8N and I really want you to make sure it's correct according you to make sure it's correct according you to make sure it's correct according to the go high level API documentation. to the go high level API documentation. to the go high level API documentation. So, it correctly interacts within the So, it correctly interacts within the So, it correctly interacts within the CRM. So, it's able to check CRM. So, it's able to check CRM. So, it's able to check availability, book appointments, cancel, availability, book appointments, cancel, availability, book appointments, cancel, reschedule, design all the N8N reschedule, design all the N8N reschedule, design all the N8N workflows, and then attach it to the workflows, and then attach it to the workflows, and then attach it to the voice agent so everything is working." voice agent so everything is working." voice agent so everything is working." So, we can simply just go ahead and say So, we can simply just go ahead and say So, we can simply just go ahead and say that. And we'll see what it does. Now, that. And we'll see what it does. Now, that. And we'll see what it does. Now, especially with voice agents, they're especially with voice agents, they're especially with voice agents, they're quite complex. So, um, Claude could quite complex. So, um, Claude could quite complex. So, um, Claude could mostly be able to get most of this mostly be able to get most of this mostly be able to get most of this right, but we'll go over with a few right, but we'll go over with a few right, but we'll go over with a few reiterations just to make sure reiterations just to make sure reiterations just to make sure everything's working, um, everything's working, um, everything's working, um, and everything's doing fine. So, let's and everything's doing fine. So, let's and everything's doing fine. So, let's go ahead and send that off now. And go ahead and send that off now. And go ahead and send that off now. And yeah, this is going to be one of the yeah, this is going to be one of the yeah, this is going to be one of the biggest workflows, so it's going to need biggest workflows, so it's going to need biggest workflows, so it's going to need to go into go high level, get all the to go into go high level, get all the to go into go high level, get all the credentials and stuff like that. So, um, credentials and stuff like that. So, um, credentials and stuff like that. So, um, I'm essentially just going to come back I'm essentially just going to come back I'm essentially just going to come back to you if there's any major developments to you if there's any major developments to you if there's any major developments or we need to get anything or it needs or we need to get anything or it needs or we need to get anything or it needs to ask us for credentials, etc. Um, to ask us for credentials, etc. Um, to ask us for credentials, etc. Um, but yeah, if you've got everything set but yeah, if you've got everything set but yeah, if you've got everything set up, it's going to be working fine. It's up, it's going to be working fine. It's up, it's going to be working fine. It's got our N8N MCP. It's creating the got our N8N MCP. It's creating the got our N8N MCP. It's creating the um, um, um, all of the the workflows, okay? all of the the workflows, okay? all of the the workflows, okay? Um, so we can see it's just thinking Um, so we can see it's just thinking Um, so we can see it's just thinking right here. So, again, I will come back right here. So, again, I will come back right here. So, again, I will come back to you once, um, you know, or if there to you once, um, you know, or if there to you once, um, you know, or if there is an important development or we need is an important development or we need is an important development or we need to grab something else, but this should to grab something else, but this should to grab something else, but this should be fine just to get the base N8N be fine just to get the base N8N be fine just to get the base N8N workflows and everything working and workflows and everything working and workflows and everything working and then we can just move on to testing, then we can just move on to testing, then we can just move on to testing, reiterating, um, redeveloping and stuff reiterating, um, redeveloping and stuff reiterating, um, redeveloping and stuff like that, okay? like that, okay? like that, okay? All right, so a quick development at the All right, so a quick development at the All right, so a quick development at the moment. Um, we can see that it's going moment. Um, we can see that it's going moment. Um, we can see that it's going to need a few other credentials, which to need a few other credentials, which to need a few other credentials, which is what I thought, but it asked for the is what I thought, but it asked for the is what I thought, but it asked for the calendar IDs create all the calendars. I calendar IDs create all the calendars. I calendar IDs create all the calendars. I said, "Look, can you literally just go said, "Look, can you literally just go said, "Look, can you literally just go ahead and create the calendars, create ahead and create the calendars, create ahead and create the calendars, create all the custom fields?" And it said, all the custom fields?" And it said, all the custom fields?" And it said, "Yes." The only thing that we need is "Yes." The only thing that we need is "Yes." The only thing that we need is the location ID, which is from the URL, the location ID, which is from the URL, the location ID, which is from the URL, okay? So, that's all we need. That's okay? So, that's all we need. That's okay? So, that's all we need. That's really simple. Um, so really simple. Um, so really simple. Um, so all that we need to do is just come all that we need to do is just come all that we need to do is just come back, okay? Come back into go high back, okay? Come back into go high back, okay? Come back into go high level. Okay. So, once you come back into go Okay. So, once you come back into go Okay. So, once you come back into go high level, the location is just going high level, the location is just going high level, the location is just going to be this URL. to be this URL. to be this URL. And it's just going to be that, okay? And it's just going to be that, okay? And it's just going to be that, okay? Just super simple, all right? And then Just super simple, all right? And then Just super simple, all right? And then we can just come back and we can just we can just come back and we can just we can just come back and we can just paste that in right there. And paste that in right there. And paste that in right there. And paste it. So, that's just going to be paste it. So, that's just going to be paste it. So, that's just going to be the ID, okay? Now, it's going to create the ID, okay? Now, it's going to create the ID, okay? Now, it's going to create all the calendars. Um, it's going to all the calendars. Um, it's going to all the calendars. Um, it's going to go ahead and all the workflows, go ahead and all the workflows, go ahead and all the workflows, everything's going to be done, right? everything's going to be done, right? everything's going to be done, right? So, sometimes Claude will like try and So, sometimes Claude will like try and So, sometimes Claude will like try and be a little bit lazy and try and get be a little bit lazy and try and get be a little bit lazy and try and get around things and get you to do manual around things and get you to do manual around things and get you to do manual things. things. things. If it does that, just ask. Say, "Hey, If it does that, just ask. Say, "Hey, If it does that, just ask. Say, "Hey, can you automatically do it? Or what is can you automatically do it? Or what is can you automatically do it? Or what is like the the thing that you need from like the the thing that you need from like the the thing that you need from me, the bare minimum that you can't me, the bare minimum that you can't me, the bare minimum that you can't get?" Okay? Um get?" Okay? Um get?" Okay? Um and sometimes it'll just go ahead and and sometimes it'll just go ahead and and sometimes it'll just go ahead and create everything automatically, which create everything automatically, which create everything automatically, which is what what we're trying to do. Okay? is what what we're trying to do. Okay? is what what we're trying to do. Okay? So, in that use case, just simply say, So, in that use case, just simply say, So, in that use case, just simply say, "Hey look, create everything for me. Um "Hey look, create everything for me. Um "Hey look, create everything for me. Um and I'll just provide the bare minimum and I'll just provide the bare minimum and I'll just provide the bare minimum what I need." Okay? what I need." Okay? what I need." Okay? It's asking a question. It's asking a question. It's asking a question. Do you want to Yeah. So, yeah, we'll just we'll just leave that yeah, we'll just we'll just leave that yeah, we'll just we'll just leave that for now. But obviously, this is not, you for now. But obviously, this is not, you for now. But obviously, this is not, you know, a real build that I'm doing, but know, a real build that I'm doing, but know, a real build that I'm doing, but this is closest production grade voice this is closest production grade voice this is closest production grade voice agents and how I would create production agents and how I would create production agents and how I would create production grade voice agents for businesses. Um grade voice agents for businesses. Um grade voice agents for businesses. Um but obviously, depending on the type of but obviously, depending on the type of but obviously, depending on the type of business, there can be certain things business, there can be certain things business, there can be certain things and specifics. Um you know, but I'm and specifics. Um you know, but I'm and specifics. Um you know, but I'm trying to replicate this as close as trying to replicate this as close as trying to replicate this as close as possible. Okay? possible. Okay? possible. Okay? So, So, So, yeah, we can see that yeah, it's just yeah, we can see that yeah, it's just yeah, we can see that yeah, it's just going to go ahead and create everything. going to go ahead and create everything. going to go ahead and create everything. So, I'll come back to you once So, I'll come back to you once So, I'll come back to you once everything's done. There's no point in everything's done. There's no point in everything's done. There's no point in me just sitting here going through the me just sitting here going through the me just sitting here going through the the the bash commands and everything and the the bash commands and everything and the the bash commands and everything and stuff like that. Um stuff like that. Um stuff like that. Um but yeah, I'll come back to you once but yeah, I'll come back to you once but yeah, I'll come back to you once everything is is done. Guys, my camera everything is is done. Guys, my camera everything is is done. Guys, my camera just ran out, so I'm using another just ran out, so I'm using another just ran out, so I'm using another webcam camera. So, sorry if the webcam camera. So, sorry if the webcam camera. So, sorry if the quality's a little bit different, a quality's a little bit different, a quality's a little bit different, a little bit weird, but I just want to little bit weird, but I just want to little bit weird, but I just want to continue. Should be fine. Okay? So, continue. Should be fine. Okay? So, continue. Should be fine. Okay? So, um we can see that everything's done um we can see that everything's done um we can see that everything's done right here. As I said before, um so right here. As I said before, um so right here. As I said before, um so yeah, I mean, let's just get straight yeah, I mean, let's just get straight yeah, I mean, let's just get straight into testing it. I assume there is going into testing it. I assume there is going into testing it. I assume there is going to be some small errors, but we can just to be some small errors, but we can just to be some small errors, but we can just get get get Claude to automatically test everything. Claude to automatically test everything. Claude to automatically test everything. So, we'll say this now. So, we'll say this now. So, we'll say this now. We'll say, "Hey Claude, I now want you We'll say, "Hey Claude, I now want you We'll say, "Hey Claude, I now want you to run me a set of to run me a set of to run me a set of um tests, a set of batch tests using the um tests, a set of batch tests using the um tests, a set of batch tests using the manual chat or test agent function in manual chat or test agent function in manual chat or test agent function in the API documentation to test this the API documentation to test this the API documentation to test this agent. Okay? I want you to test all agent. Okay? I want you to test all agent. Okay? I want you to test all scenarios, please. scenarios, please. scenarios, please. Um you can leave out the the the Um you can leave out the the the Um you can leave out the the the transfer because we're not going to be transfer because we're not going to be transfer because we're not going to be using um a real number for now. We're using um a real number for now. We're using um a real number for now. We're going to be setting up the number a going to be setting up the number a going to be setting up the number a little bit later. Um but just test all little bit later. Um but just test all little bit later. Um but just test all of the different cancellations, of the different cancellations, of the different cancellations, bookings, all of that. Um bookings, all of that. Um bookings, all of that. Um and yeah. So, just do that for now. Um and yeah. So, just do that for now. Um and yeah. So, just do that for now. Um and just test everything and just verify and just test everything and just verify and just test everything and just verify that it all works. So, we're going to get Claude to So, we're going to get Claude to So, we're going to get Claude to automatically test it using the um API automatically test it using the um API automatically test it using the um API documentation. Okay? And then once we've documentation. Okay? And then once we've documentation. Okay? And then once we've verified it and it actually works, okay? verified it and it actually works, okay? verified it and it actually works, okay? We're then going to connect it to a We're then going to connect it to a We're then going to connect it to a number and we're going to do some real number and we're going to do some real number and we're going to do some real calls and we'll actually test it calls and we'll actually test it calls and we'll actually test it properly. Okay? properly. Okay? properly. Okay? So, um So, um So, um then from there, we can get Claude to then from there, we can get Claude to then from there, we can get Claude to reiterate it and test it. And then all reiterate it and test it. And then all reiterate it and test it. And then all we have to do is just build out the app we have to do is just build out the app we have to do is just build out the app dashboard um and configure everything dashboard um and configure everything dashboard um and configure everything for the workflows. Okay? Um so, for the workflows. Okay? Um so, for the workflows. Okay? Um so, yeah. yeah. yeah. So, that's So, that's So, that's that that's what we're going to do now. that that's what we're going to do now. that that's what we're going to do now. So, we're just going to test the agent So, we're just going to test the agent So, we're just going to test the agent and make sure it's all good. Once Claude and make sure it's all good. Once Claude and make sure it's all good. Once Claude says it's okay, we're going to go in says it's okay, we're going to go in says it's okay, we're going to go in again to the app, okay? again to the app, okay? again to the app, okay? Um Um Um and we're going to test it using the and we're going to test it using the and we're going to test it using the the the the the the testing function in there the the testing function in there the the testing function in there manually. Okay? Then once that's done, manually. Okay? Then once that's done, manually. Okay? Then once that's done, we'll then go ahead and configure the we'll then go ahead and configure the we'll then go ahead and configure the number um and do all of that stuff. It's number um and do all of that stuff. It's number um and do all of that stuff. It's saying that it needs to create um a user saying that it needs to create um a user saying that it needs to create um a user and attach it to a calendar and then and attach it to a calendar and then and attach it to a calendar and then also set opening hours as well, which is also set opening hours as well, which is also set opening hours as well, which is going to be the basically the same going to be the basically the same going to be the basically the same thing. So, to do that, we're going to go thing. So, to do that, we're going to go thing. So, to do that, we're going to go settings and we're going to go my staff. settings and we're going to go my staff. settings and we're going to go my staff. And I'm just going to add myself as a And I'm just going to add myself as a And I'm just going to add myself as a staff staff staff for now. for now. for now. Um Claude was being a bit slow today, so Um Claude was being a bit slow today, so Um Claude was being a bit slow today, so just got to be patient with it. just got to be patient with it. just got to be patient with it. Okay, so we'll add a user and I'll just Okay, so we'll add a user and I'll just Okay, so we'll add a user and I'll just add it as myself. And we'll just do And we'll just do And we'll just do this. Phone um Phone um Phone um calendar and then we can assign it to calendar and then we can assign it to calendar and then we can assign it to all these calendars. Okay? all these calendars. Okay? all these calendars. Okay? Um Um Um So, we can assign it to Actually, no, So, we can assign it to Actually, no, So, we can assign it to Actually, no, we'll do that after. we'll do that after. we'll do that after. Um so yeah, Um so yeah, Um so yeah, that's fine. And then roles and that's fine. And then roles and that's fine. And then roles and permissions, that doesn't really matter. permissions, that doesn't really matter. permissions, that doesn't really matter. Um Um Um we will do then we'll do user we will do then we'll do user we will do then we'll do user availability. So, this is what we want, availability. So, this is what we want, availability. So, this is what we want, okay? And it's going to ask us to okay? And it's going to ask us to okay? And it's going to ask us to configure a schedule. Okay, so configure a schedule. Okay, so configure a schedule. Okay, so that's fine. We once this loads up, we that's fine. We once this loads up, we that's fine. We once this loads up, we should be able to create the user and should be able to create the user and should be able to create the user and then we'll come back into the schedules then we'll come back into the schedules then we'll come back into the schedules and create everything. and create everything. and create everything. I've created a user. I've created a user. I've created a user. I was wondering if you could please go I was wondering if you could please go I was wondering if you could please go ahead and ahead and ahead and just add all the availability and edit just add all the availability and edit just add all the availability and edit the calendars yourself. Is that the calendars yourself. Is that the calendars yourself. Is that something that you can do? Just make it something that you can do? Just make it something that you can do? Just make it from from from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. for each calendar. It doesn't really for each calendar. It doesn't really for each calendar. It doesn't really matter. Okay, so after you have added that user, Okay, so after you have added that user, Okay, so after you have added that user, I just want to see if it can actually go I just want to see if it can actually go I just want to see if it can actually go ahead and set all the availability ahead and set all the availability ahead and set all the availability itself and just configure everything itself and just configure everything itself and just configure everything itself. Um because it just asked us to itself. Um because it just asked us to itself. Um because it just asked us to add a user and attach it to a calendar. add a user and attach it to a calendar. add a user and attach it to a calendar. Okay? Okay? Okay? And we have done that. I showed you how And we have done that. I showed you how And we have done that. I showed you how to create and add a user. to create and add a user. to create and add a user. Okay, so as I said before, you just need Okay, so as I said before, you just need Okay, so as I said before, you just need to create the user, okay? For this to create the user, okay? For this to create the user, okay? For this particular agent. And particular agent. And particular agent. And once it has that user, it can assign it once it has that user, it can assign it once it has that user, it can assign it to the calendars and do everything by to the calendars and do everything by to the calendars and do everything by API. So, API. So, API. So, um um um yeah, so once you create that user, it's yeah, so once you create that user, it's yeah, so once you create that user, it's now going off and it's testing now going off and it's testing now going off and it's testing everything. Okay? So, you just need to everything. Okay? So, you just need to everything. Okay? So, you just need to configure that. As I said before, if it configure that. As I said before, if it configure that. As I said before, if it tries to get you to do something tries to get you to do something tries to get you to do something manually, just say, "Hey look, can you manually, just say, "Hey look, can you manually, just say, "Hey look, can you do this automatically? What do you need do this automatically? What do you need do this automatically? What do you need me to do manually that you can't do?" me to do manually that you can't do?" me to do manually that you can't do?" Okay? So, say something like that and um Okay? So, say something like that and um Okay? So, say something like that and um it will generally it will generally it will generally be fine most of the time. be fine most of the time. be fine most of the time. Um but as you can see, I just created Um but as you can see, I just created Um but as you can see, I just created the user right there. the user right there. the user right there. So, it was able to to create everything. So, it was able to to create everything. So, it was able to to create everything. So, with that being said, it's now So, with that being said, it's now So, with that being said, it's now re-running the batch tests and it's just re-running the batch tests and it's just re-running the batch tests and it's just making everything working as expected. making everything working as expected. making everything working as expected. So, I'm after this, then I'm going to So, I'm after this, then I'm going to So, I'm after this, then I'm going to come in and I'm going to test everything come in and I'm going to test everything come in and I'm going to test everything manually, okay? And once that works, manually, okay? And once that works, manually, okay? And once that works, we'll then deploy the number. We'll make we'll then deploy the number. We'll make we'll then deploy the number. We'll make sure the number's all good and it's sure the number's all good and it's sure the number's all good and it's doing that number look up function. doing that number look up function. doing that number look up function. We'll test it again. Once that's We'll test it again. Once that's We'll test it again. Once that's working, then we'll just build out the working, then we'll just build out the working, then we'll just build out the last step of our agent um and then we'll last step of our agent um and then we'll last step of our agent um and then we'll just do a full recap of the production just do a full recap of the production just do a full recap of the production grade agent um we have built. So, grade agent um we have built. So, grade agent um we have built. So, um yeah. I will come back to you once um yeah. I will come back to you once um yeah. I will come back to you once the testing is done right here and you the testing is done right here and you the testing is done right here and you will see me in Retail where we can will see me in Retail where we can will see me in Retail where we can properly test the agent live. Okay, so properly test the agent live. Okay, so properly test the agent live. Okay, so we can see we can see we can see um it's created some manual tests right um it's created some manual tests right um it's created some manual tests right here. It's going ahead and booked here. It's going ahead and booked here. It's going ahead and booked everything. Um so, if we come over to everything. Um so, if we come over to everything. Um so, if we come over to the GoHighLevel right here the GoHighLevel right here the GoHighLevel right here and if we just come back out to and if we just come back out to and if we just come back out to calendars and appointment list view, we calendars and appointment list view, we calendars and appointment list view, we can see can see can see if it actually has gone ahead and if it actually has gone ahead and if it actually has gone ahead and created the appointment. Yeah, it is it is in there, so it is Yeah, it is it is in there, so it is Yeah, it is it is in there, so it is working. Okay, and one more thing that I working. Okay, and one more thing that I working. Okay, and one more thing that I told it to do just before we go ahead told it to do just before we go ahead told it to do just before we go ahead and test out the full agent, so and test out the full agent, so and test out the full agent, so canceling, rescheduling, etc. Is canceling, rescheduling, etc. Is canceling, rescheduling, etc. Is um I told it to build out the workflows um I told it to build out the workflows um I told it to build out the workflows that um do the that um do the that um do the So, as you can see, I'm I told it to So, as you can see, I'm I told it to So, as you can see, I'm I told it to build out the workflows for SMS build out the workflows for SMS build out the workflows for SMS confirmation and reminders in N8N. You confirmation and reminders in N8N. You confirmation and reminders in N8N. You can't do it via GoHighLevel's can't do it via GoHighLevel's can't do it via GoHighLevel's conversation API or the workflows API. conversation API or the workflows API. conversation API or the workflows API. Um it doesn't have the API capabilities, Um it doesn't have the API capabilities, Um it doesn't have the API capabilities, so it's just able to do it via N8N. so it's just able to do it via N8N. so it's just able to do it via N8N. Okay? So, that's what it's going to be Okay? So, that's what it's going to be Okay? So, that's what it's going to be doing. And yeah. doing. And yeah. doing. And yeah. And yeah, then we'll just go ahead and And yeah, then we'll just go ahead and And yeah, then we'll just go ahead and test it and do the check availability test it and do the check availability test it and do the check availability and book appointment as well. Okay? and book appointment as well. Okay? and book appointment as well. Okay? So, yeah, I've just gone ahead and So, yeah, I've just gone ahead and So, yeah, I've just gone ahead and updated. I've just literally said to updated. I've just literally said to updated. I've just literally said to Claude, "Hey, build out all the Claude, "Hey, build out all the Claude, "Hey, build out all the reminders." We come back to our reminders." We come back to our reminders." We come back to our Excalidraw, right? Um these are all Excalidraw, right? Um these are all Excalidraw, right? Um these are all pretty much built out. We've just got to pretty much built out. We've just got to pretty much built out. We've just got to obviously test them, but we're just up obviously test them, but we're just up obviously test them, but we're just up to here, okay? So, we're just going to to here, okay? So, we're just going to to here, okay? So, we're just going to build out these SMS confirmation build out these SMS confirmation build out these SMS confirmation reminders, okay? reminders, okay? reminders, okay? Um and yeah, we'll do a full system test Um and yeah, we'll do a full system test Um and yeah, we'll do a full system test and then we're going to connect the and then we're going to connect the and then we're going to connect the number and we'll do another test there number and we'll do another test there number and we'll do another test there and then we can get to build to our and then we can get to build to our and then we can get to build to our um um um dashboard right here inside Claude code, dashboard right here inside Claude code, dashboard right here inside Claude code, right? right? right? So, it's just going ahead and adding all So, it's just going ahead and adding all So, it's just going ahead and adding all these tools to N8N to send out SMS these tools to N8N to send out SMS these tools to N8N to send out SMS reminders, okay? reminders, okay? reminders, okay? Um and this is obviously going to work Um and this is obviously going to work Um and this is obviously going to work once we once we once we call the agent and everything's working, call the agent and everything's working, call the agent and everything's working, okay? okay? okay? So, um it's updating these to-do's. It's So, um it's updating these to-do's. It's So, um it's updating these to-do's. It's just coming in and and doing everything just coming in and and doing everything just coming in and and doing everything now. now. now. So, I will update you once this is all So, I will update you once this is all So, I will update you once this is all done and we'll do a full test to the done and we'll do a full test to the done and we'll do a full test to the agent of check availability, booking agent of check availability, booking agent of check availability, booking appointments. So, Okay, so we can see it's gone ahead and Okay, so we can see it's gone ahead and Okay, so we can see it's gone ahead and added in the workflows. added in the workflows. added in the workflows. So, the silence after tool bug fixed. So, the silence after tool bug fixed. So, the silence after tool bug fixed. Again, I prompted it up here. Um I did Again, I prompted it up here. Um I did Again, I prompted it up here. Um I did some testing via the chat and it was some testing via the chat and it was some testing via the chat and it was silently doing it. I thought I wanted I silently doing it. I thought I wanted I silently doing it. I thought I wanted I didn't want to include it here because didn't want to include it here because didn't want to include it here because it'd just be a little bit too long, but it'd just be a little bit too long, but it'd just be a little bit too long, but I will show you once I've tested I will show you once I've tested I will show you once I've tested everything. everything. everything. So again, this is just part of the So again, this is just part of the So again, this is just part of the testing and reiterating. testing and reiterating. testing and reiterating. So, as we can see, so speak after So, as we can see, so speak after So, as we can see, so speak after execution has been enabled on all four execution has been enabled on all four execution has been enabled on all four custom tools. So, it's now going to custom tools. So, it's now going to custom tools. So, it's now going to speak after it returns a message, so speak after it returns a message, so speak after it returns a message, so after its response. Okay? after its response. Okay? after its response. Okay? Um and yeah. And then we also have some Um and yeah. And then we also have some Um and yeah. And then we also have some SMS bookings, so SMS bookings, so SMS bookings, so attached to all of the workflows, we attached to all of the workflows, we attached to all of the workflows, we have a SMS going out via the GoHighLevel have a SMS going out via the GoHighLevel have a SMS going out via the GoHighLevel SMS API, okay? SMS API, okay? SMS API, okay? And then we also have reminders as well, And then we also have reminders as well, And then we also have reminders as well, which is through um which is through um which is through um N8N. So, N8N. So, N8N. So, um um um require your location information. require your location information. require your location information. So, yeah. So, yeah. So, yeah. So, now what we're going to do is we are So, now what we're going to do is we are So, now what we're going to do is we are going to I'm going to show you quickly going to I'm going to show you quickly going to I'm going to show you quickly the workflows inside N8N. If I just the workflows inside N8N. If I just the workflows inside N8N. If I just refresh this here, you can see the refresh this here, you can see the refresh this here, you can see the workflows already. But But But I'll quickly show you all of the I'll quickly show you all of the I'll quickly show you all of the workflows. Okay, so first of all, we workflows. Okay, so first of all, we workflows. Okay, so first of all, we have the have the have the inbound lookup. inbound lookup. inbound lookup. So, this is essentially where it's using So, this is essentially where it's using So, this is essentially where it's using the number that we found, okay? This was the number that we found, okay? This was the number that we found, okay? This was some testing data that was done. some testing data that was done. some testing data that was done. But it's using the number But it's using the number But it's using the number that has come through from the person that has come through from the person that has come through from the person calling and it's searching if the calling and it's searching if the calling and it's searching if the contact exists. If it does exist, it's contact exists. If it does exist, it's contact exists. If it does exist, it's going to return it, okay? Using our going to return it, okay? Using our going to return it, okay? Using our variables and it's going to put it back variables and it's going to put it back variables and it's going to put it back in in in Retailer, okay? Retailer, okay? Retailer, okay? So that's our first So that's our first So that's our first workflow. And then from here we have our workflow. And then from here we have our workflow. And then from here we have our check availability workflow, which is check availability workflow, which is check availability workflow, which is going to be checking the availability going to be checking the availability going to be checking the availability and you'll see the structure is very and you'll see the structure is very and you'll see the structure is very similar. Uses Java a JavaScript so similar. Uses Java a JavaScript so similar. Uses Java a JavaScript so coding language to essentially set the coding language to essentially set the coding language to essentially set the time, set all the variables. So just time, set all the variables. So just time, set all the variables. So just setting up all the necessary stuff to setting up all the necessary stuff to setting up all the necessary stuff to check availability through the API. check availability through the API. check availability through the API. That's all you really need to know. That's all you really need to know. That's all you really need to know. Again, you don't really need to know the Again, you don't really need to know the Again, you don't really need to know the back end stuff of this Cloud code all of back end stuff of this Cloud code all of back end stuff of this Cloud code all of this automatically. this automatically. this automatically. Um so yeah, and then it goes ahead and Um so yeah, and then it goes ahead and Um so yeah, and then it goes ahead and just searches the slots based on just searches the slots based on just searches the slots based on based on everything, okay? We come to based on everything, okay? We come to based on everything, okay? We come to the executions, we can see the executions, we can see the executions, we can see what data actually comes through here. We come to a green executions. Come through here Come through here Come through here and we can see and we can see and we can see it's going through the URL. It's looking it's going through the URL. It's looking it's going through the URL. It's looking at the time. It's got a custom JSON at the time. It's got a custom JSON at the time. It's got a custom JSON body, so we can see it's returning all body, so we can see it's returning all body, so we can see it's returning all the time format through there, okay? the time format through there, okay? the time format through there, okay? Right, and then we have a respond, so we Right, and then we have a respond, so we Right, and then we have a respond, so we can see the output. Awesome. can see the output. Awesome. can see the output. Awesome. And then it's very similar for booking And then it's very similar for booking And then it's very similar for booking in appointments, in appointments, in appointments, canceling, rescheduling, stuff like canceling, rescheduling, stuff like canceling, rescheduling, stuff like that, okay? that, okay? that, okay? We've got a book appointment. We've got a book appointment. We've got a book appointment. All right, and then it has a All right, and then it has a All right, and then it has a SMS confirmation. SMS confirmation. SMS confirmation. So it's going to obviously create a So it's going to obviously create a So it's going to obviously create a contact. That's the first thing that contact. That's the first thing that contact. That's the first thing that needs to do. needs to do. needs to do. Then using JavaScript to create the Then using JavaScript to create the Then using JavaScript to create the necessary API configurations for booking necessary API configurations for booking necessary API configurations for booking in the appointment. in the appointment. in the appointment. Okay? And then from there it's then Okay? And then from there it's then Okay? And then from there it's then going to format the result. going to format the result. going to format the result. Okay? Okay? Okay? And if it does return true, it's then And if it does return true, it's then And if it does return true, it's then going to send the SMS by GoHighLevel going to send the SMS by GoHighLevel going to send the SMS by GoHighLevel API. API. API. All right, and then we can then phrase All right, and then we can then phrase All right, and then we can then phrase everything everything everything through right there, okay? through right there, okay? through right there, okay? So we come out to home. So we come out to home. So we come out to home. Um and then we have the cancel and Um and then we have the cancel and Um and then we have the cancel and rescheduling. rescheduling. rescheduling. It's going to be very similar. So again, It's going to be very similar. So again, It's going to be very similar. So again, exact same workflow. You can see it's exact same workflow. You can see it's exact same workflow. You can see it's pretty similar. pretty similar. pretty similar. Whole point being is this is all built Whole point being is this is all built Whole point being is this is all built out automatically through Cloud code. out automatically through Cloud code. out automatically through Cloud code. So yeah, then we have the same thing for So yeah, then we have the same thing for So yeah, then we have the same thing for rescheduling. rescheduling. rescheduling. Rescheduling and then cancellation, Rescheduling and then cancellation, Rescheduling and then cancellation, which I don't think I've showed you yet. which I don't think I've showed you yet. which I don't think I've showed you yet. Just cancels it, okay? Just cancels it, okay? Just cancels it, okay? So yeah, that's all of the workflows and So yeah, that's all of the workflows and So yeah, that's all of the workflows and then I believe there's one more, which then I believe there's one more, which then I believe there's one more, which is the reminders. is the reminders. is the reminders. So So So yeah, super smart. So it's going to call yeah, super smart. So it's going to call yeah, super smart. So it's going to call this every 5 minutes. It's going to get this every 5 minutes. It's going to get this every 5 minutes. It's going to get all the GoHighLevel events. And then if all the GoHighLevel events. And then if all the GoHighLevel events. And then if it is within a 1-hour and or 24-hour it is within a 1-hour and or 24-hour it is within a 1-hour and or 24-hour time time time frame, it's then going to time time time frame, it's then going to time time time frame, it's then going to send those SMSs, okay? send those SMSs, okay? send those SMSs, okay? Again, all booked by Cloud code. So Again, all booked by Cloud code. So Again, all booked by Cloud code. So that's everything right there. So now that's everything right there. So now that's everything right there. So now let's come back over to Retail and let's let's come back over to Retail and let's let's come back over to Retail and let's test the agent. We'll do a full test, so test the agent. We'll do a full test, so test the agent. We'll do a full test, so check availability, book appointment, check availability, book appointment, check availability, book appointment, reschedule, cancel. If they all work reschedule, cancel. If they all work reschedule, cancel. If they all work fine, then we can move on to um fine, then we can move on to um fine, then we can move on to um the Twilio integration. Now that I think the Twilio integration. Now that I think the Twilio integration. Now that I think about it is I'm actually instead of about it is I'm actually instead of about it is I'm actually instead of using the GoHighLevel SMS, I'm just using the GoHighLevel SMS, I'm just using the GoHighLevel SMS, I'm just going to use our Twilio configuration going to use our Twilio configuration going to use our Twilio configuration because then we have to connect numbers because then we have to connect numbers because then we have to connect numbers in GoHighLevel. You know, you can do it in GoHighLevel. You know, you can do it in GoHighLevel. You know, you can do it that way, but I'm just going to do it that way, but I'm just going to do it that way, but I'm just going to do it through the Twilio way, but we'll leave through the Twilio way, but we'll leave through the Twilio way, but we'll leave that for now and we'll get the agent to that for now and we'll get the agent to that for now and we'll get the agent to update everything through that. But for update everything through that. But for update everything through that. But for now, let's just go ahead and test it so now, let's just go ahead and test it so now, let's just go ahead and test it so you can actually hear the agent um you can actually hear the agent um you can actually hear the agent um and yeah. So let's test it. Hey there. You've reached Brisbane Hey there. You've reached Brisbane Hey there. You've reached Brisbane Physiotherapy and Podiatry. I'm Maya. Physiotherapy and Podiatry. I'm Maya. Physiotherapy and Podiatry. I'm Maya. How can I help you today? How can I help you today? How can I help you today? Hey Maya, how are you going? Hey Maya, how are you going? Hey Maya, how are you going? Um can I please book a new appointment? Um can I please book a new appointment? Um can I please book a new appointment? Absolutely, happy to help. Just so I can Absolutely, happy to help. Just so I can Absolutely, happy to help. Just so I can get you sorted, are you after physio, get you sorted, are you after physio, get you sorted, are you after physio, podiatry, or one of our group strength podiatry, or one of our group strength podiatry, or one of our group strength training sessions? And do you prefer training sessions? And do you prefer training sessions? And do you prefer Albion or West End for your appointment? Albion or West End for your appointment? Albion or West End for your appointment? Um I'll do physio and Albion, please. Um I'll do physio and Albion, please. Um I'll do physio and Albion, please. Great choice. Do you have a preference Great choice. Do you have a preference Great choice. Do you have a preference for a particular day or time? Mornings, for a particular day or time? Mornings, for a particular day or time? Mornings, afternoons, or just whenever's next afternoons, or just whenever's next afternoons, or just whenever's next available? Yeah, do you have any available? Yeah, do you have any available? Yeah, do you have any availability tomorrow at 1:00 p.m.? One sec, let me check what's open for One sec, let me check what's open for One sec, let me check what's open for physio at Albion tomorrow around 1:00 physio at Albion tomorrow around 1:00 physio at Albion tomorrow around 1:00 p.m. I've got a few options for you at p.m. I've got a few options for you at p.m. I've got a few options for you at Albion tomorrow, 12:00 p.m., 12:30 p.m., Albion tomorrow, 12:00 p.m., 12:30 p.m., Albion tomorrow, 12:00 p.m., 12:30 p.m., or 1:00 p.m. Any of those suit you or or 1:00 p.m. Any of those suit you or or 1:00 p.m. Any of those suit you or would you like to hear some later times would you like to hear some later times would you like to hear some later times in the other as well? We'll do 12:00 in the other as well? We'll do 12:00 in the other as well? We'll do 12:00 p.m., please. That works. p.m., please. That works. p.m., please. That works. Perfect. I'll lock you in for a physio Perfect. I'll lock you in for a physio Perfect. I'll lock you in for a physio session at Albion tomorrow, Tuesday the session at Albion tomorrow, Tuesday the session at Albion tomorrow, Tuesday the 14th of April at 12:00 p.m. Can I please 14th of April at 12:00 p.m. Can I please 14th of April at 12:00 p.m. Can I please grab your full name, best contact grab your full name, best contact grab your full name, best contact number, and email to get you all set up? number, and email to get you all set up? number, and email to get you all set up? And just a quick one, will you be using And just a quick one, will you be using And just a quick one, will you be using private health, Medicare, WorkCover, private health, Medicare, WorkCover, private health, Medicare, WorkCover, NDIS, or DVA for this appointment? NDIS, or DVA for this appointment? NDIS, or DVA for this appointment? Yeah, sure. My full name is Ashton Voss. Yeah, sure. My full name is Ashton Voss. Yeah, sure. My full name is Ashton Voss. Best best contact number is 0413482972 and I will be using um Medicare for and I will be using um Medicare for and I will be using um Medicare for this, please. And my email is Ashton this, please. And my email is Ashton this, please. And my email is Ashton Voss47@gmail.com, Voss47@gmail.com, Voss47@gmail.com, please. Thanks, Ashton. Just to double-check, Thanks, Ashton. Just to double-check, Thanks, Ashton. Just to double-check, I've got your name as Ashton Voss, your I've got your name as Ashton Voss, your I've got your name as Ashton Voss, your phone as 0413482972, phone as 0413482972, phone as 0413482972, and your email as and your email as and your email as AshtonVoss47@gmail.com. AshtonVoss47@gmail.com. AshtonVoss47@gmail.com. Does that sound right? And you're Does that sound right? And you're Does that sound right? And you're booking in for physio at Albion booking in for physio at Albion booking in for physio at Albion tomorrow, Tuesday the 14th of April at tomorrow, Tuesday the 14th of April at tomorrow, Tuesday the 14th of April at 12:00 p.m. using Medicare. Could you 12:00 p.m. using Medicare. Could you 12:00 p.m. using Medicare. Could you give me a quick idea of what's bringing give me a quick idea of what's bringing give me a quick idea of what's bringing you in for physio? Just a brief reason you in for physio? Just a brief reason you in for physio? Just a brief reason is fine. Then I'll get you all locked is fine. Then I'll get you all locked is fine. Then I'll get you all locked in. Yeah, it's just it's just my knee, in. Yeah, it's just it's just my knee, in. Yeah, it's just it's just my knee, please. Thanks for that, Ashton. So physio for Thanks for that, Ashton. So physio for Thanks for that, Ashton. So physio for your knee at Albion tomorrow at 12:00 your knee at Albion tomorrow at 12:00 your knee at Albion tomorrow at 12:00 p.m. using Medicare and all your details p.m. using Medicare and all your details p.m. using Medicare and all your details are good. Booking you in now. Give me a are good. Booking you in now. Give me a are good. Booking you in now. Give me a sec. Beautiful. You're all booked in for sec. Beautiful. You're all booked in for sec. Beautiful. You're all booked in for physio at Albion tomorrow, Tuesday the physio at Albion tomorrow, Tuesday the physio at Albion tomorrow, Tuesday the 14th of April at 12:00 p.m. You'll get a 14th of April at 12:00 p.m. You'll get a 14th of April at 12:00 p.m. You'll get a confirmation SMS in a sec as well. If confirmation SMS in a sec as well. If confirmation SMS in a sec as well. If anything changes or you have questions anything changes or you have questions anything changes or you have questions before your appointment, just give us a before your appointment, just give us a before your appointment, just give us a buzz. Thanks for calling Brisbane buzz. Thanks for calling Brisbane buzz. Thanks for calling Brisbane Physio, Ashton. Have a good one. Thanks so much. Also, I was wondering if Thanks so much. Also, I was wondering if Thanks so much. Also, I was wondering if you can quickly reschedule that you can quickly reschedule that you can quickly reschedule that appointment. appointment. appointment. No worries. No worries. No worries. No worries at all, Ashton. I can help No worries at all, Ashton. I can help No worries at all, Ashton. I can help you move that booking. Is there a new you move that booking. Is there a new you move that booking. Is there a new day or time you'd prefer for your physio day or time you'd prefer for your physio day or time you'd prefer for your physio session at Albion, or would you like to session at Albion, or would you like to session at Albion, or would you like to hear what's available? hear what's available? hear what's available? Can we do tomorrow at 1:00 p.m.? Can we do tomorrow at 1:00 p.m.? Can we do tomorrow at 1:00 p.m.? Sorry, uh sorry, not tomorrow. Sorry, uh sorry, not tomorrow. Sorry, uh sorry, not tomorrow. Um let's do this week Wednesday at 2:00 Um let's do this week Wednesday at 2:00 Um let's do this week Wednesday at 2:00 p.m. No worries at all, Ashton. So you'd like No worries at all, Ashton. So you'd like No worries at all, Ashton. So you'd like to move your physio appointment at to move your physio appointment at to move your physio appointment at Albion to Wednesday this week at 2:00 Albion to Wednesday this week at 2:00 Albion to Wednesday this week at 2:00 p.m. Give me a second while I check p.m. Give me a second while I check p.m. Give me a second while I check availability for you. I've checked the availability for you. I've checked the availability for you. I've checked the calendar and there is a spot on calendar and there is a spot on calendar and there is a spot on Wednesday the 15th at 2:00 p.m. at Wednesday the 15th at 2:00 p.m. at Wednesday the 15th at 2:00 p.m. at Albion, as well as options at 12:00 Albion, as well as options at 12:00 Albion, as well as options at 12:00 p.m., 12:30 p.m., 1:00 p.m., and 1:30 p.m., 12:30 p.m., 1:00 p.m., and 1:30 p.m., 12:30 p.m., 1:00 p.m., and 1:30 p.m. Want to lock in 2:00 p.m. on p.m. Want to lock in 2:00 p.m. on p.m. Want to lock in 2:00 p.m. on Wednesday for your physio session? Yeah, Wednesday for your physio session? Yeah, Wednesday for your physio session? Yeah, that'll be good. Moving that for you now. All sorted. Your physio appointment at All sorted. Your physio appointment at All sorted. Your physio appointment at Albion is now set for Wednesday, the Albion is now set for Wednesday, the Albion is now set for Wednesday, the 15th of April at 2:00 p.m. You'll get a 15th of April at 2:00 p.m. You'll get a 15th of April at 2:00 p.m. You'll get a new confirmation SMS in just a sec. If new confirmation SMS in just a sec. If new confirmation SMS in just a sec. If you need anything else, just let me you need anything else, just let me you need anything else, just let me know. I was wondering if I can cancel know. I was wondering if I can cancel know. I was wondering if I can cancel that appointment quickly, please. No worries, Ashton. Just confirming No worries, Ashton. Just confirming No worries, Ashton. Just confirming you'd like to cancel your physio you'd like to cancel your physio you'd like to cancel your physio appointment at Albion on Wednesday the appointment at Albion on Wednesday the appointment at Albion on Wednesday the 15th of April at 2:00 p.m. Is that 15th of April at 2:00 p.m. Is that 15th of April at 2:00 p.m. Is that right? Yeah, that's correct. Thanks for confirming. Canceling your Thanks for confirming. Canceling your Thanks for confirming. Canceling your physio appointment for Wednesday the physio appointment for Wednesday the physio appointment for Wednesday the 15th of April at 2:00 p.m. now. If you 15th of April at 2:00 p.m. now. If you 15th of April at 2:00 p.m. now. If you don't mind me asking, is there any don't mind me asking, is there any don't mind me asking, is there any particular reason for the cancellation? particular reason for the cancellation? particular reason for the cancellation? Just helps us out for our records, but Just helps us out for our records, but Just helps us out for our records, but totally fine if you'd rather not say. totally fine if you'd rather not say. totally fine if you'd rather not say. I've just got a personal issue that I I've just got a personal issue that I I've just got a personal issue that I need to take care of, sorry. Canceling that now. Canceling that now. Canceling that now. No worries at all, Ashton. Your physio No worries at all, Ashton. Your physio No worries at all, Ashton. Your physio appointment for Wednesday at 2:00 p.m. appointment for Wednesday at 2:00 p.m. appointment for Wednesday at 2:00 p.m. is canceled. You'll get a confirmation is canceled. You'll get a confirmation is canceled. You'll get a confirmation SMS shortly. If you'd like to rebook for SMS shortly. If you'd like to rebook for SMS shortly. If you'd like to rebook for another time down the track, just let us another time down the track, just let us another time down the track, just let us know. Thanks for calling Brisbane know. Thanks for calling Brisbane know. Thanks for calling Brisbane Physio. Take care and hope everything Physio. Take care and hope everything Physio. Take care and hope everything sorts itself out. sorts itself out. sorts itself out. All right, so you can see that was All right, so you can see that was All right, so you can see that was pretty good, right? So you can see I was pretty good, right? So you can see I was pretty good, right? So you can see I was just filtering back to the appointment just filtering back to the appointment just filtering back to the appointment list just to show you that it was list just to show you that it was list just to show you that it was working, obviously. working, obviously. working, obviously. Um Um Um so we can see yeah, it was pretty good. so we can see yeah, it was pretty good. so we can see yeah, it was pretty good. It successfully canceled, rescheduled, It successfully canceled, rescheduled, It successfully canceled, rescheduled, booked appointments. Everything was booked appointments. Everything was booked appointments. Everything was really really good. Um really really good. Um really really good. Um and yeah, so now what I'm going to do is and yeah, so now what I'm going to do is and yeah, so now what I'm going to do is we're going to configure the number so we're going to configure the number so we're going to configure the number so we can obviously enable um the smart we can obviously enable um the smart we can obviously enable um the smart lookup, which is going to look up by the lookup, which is going to look up by the lookup, which is going to look up by the number. Um and then also we're going to number. Um and then also we're going to number. Um and then also we're going to configure the SMSs in inside the NDM configure the SMSs in inside the NDM configure the SMSs in inside the NDM workflow. It's going to be doing it by workflow. It's going to be doing it by workflow. It's going to be doing it by Twilio. I don't want to do it by Twilio. I don't want to do it by Twilio. I don't want to do it by GoHighLevel anymore. GoHighLevel anymore. GoHighLevel anymore. Um but yeah, that's what we're going to Um but yeah, that's what we're going to Um but yeah, that's what we're going to be configuring um be configuring um be configuring um now. So now what we're going to do is now. So now what we're going to do is now. So now what we're going to do is obviously obviously obviously we're going to see if Cloud code can we're going to see if Cloud code can we're going to see if Cloud code can automatically just connect these automatically just connect these automatically just connect these numbers. Now I've already got a number numbers. Now I've already got a number numbers. Now I've already got a number connected up to this agent um through connected up to this agent um through connected up to this agent um through here, so the phone numbers. So what you here, so the phone numbers. So what you here, so the phone numbers. So what you guys probably want to do is you want to guys probably want to do is you want to guys probably want to do is you want to come in to Twilio and come in to Twilio and come in to Twilio and you want to actually go ahead and buy a you want to actually go ahead and buy a you want to actually go ahead and buy a number. You're going to need to buy um a number. You're going to need to buy um a number. You're going to need to buy um a brand new number. brand new number. brand new number. So I'll show you briefly how to do that. So I'll show you briefly how to do that. So I'll show you briefly how to do that. And then once you've bought that number, And then once you've bought that number, And then once you've bought that number, then you can get then you can get then you can get um Cloud code to connect it by a SIP um Cloud code to connect it by a SIP um Cloud code to connect it by a SIP trunk, okay? I'm pretty sure we'll be trunk, okay? I'm pretty sure we'll be trunk, okay? I'm pretty sure we'll be able to do this by the API able to do this by the API able to do this by the API documentation. If not, I can show you documentation. If not, I can show you documentation. If not, I can show you manually how to do it, okay? But to buy manually how to do it, okay? But to buy manually how to do it, okay? But to buy a Twilio number, what you want to do is a Twilio number, what you want to do is a Twilio number, what you want to do is you just want to head over to you just want to head over to you just want to head over to console.twilio.com. console.twilio.com. console.twilio.com. You can sign up. You're going to need to You can sign up. You're going to need to You can sign up. You're going to need to be on a verified on paid account for be on a verified on paid account for be on a verified on paid account for this. Um and you come down to phone this. Um and you come down to phone this. Um and you come down to phone numbers right here, manage active numbers right here, manage active numbers right here, manage active numbers. numbers. numbers. And then if you buy a number right here, And then if you buy a number right here, And then if you buy a number right here, click buy a number. click buy a number. click buy a number. You can come in and you can go ahead and search for any you can go ahead and search for any you can go ahead and search for any numbers that you want, okay? So for numbers that you want, okay? So for numbers that you want, okay? So for example, here's a number. Let's say you example, here's a number. Let's say you example, here's a number. Let's say you want to go ahead and buy it. You can want to go ahead and buy it. You can want to go ahead and buy it. You can come down and just click buy, okay? So come down and just click buy, okay? So come down and just click buy, okay? So once you've done that, that's literally once you've done that, that's literally once you've done that, that's literally all that you you to do and you can buy all that you you to do and you can buy all that you you to do and you can buy the number. But for now, what I'm going the number. But for now, what I'm going the number. But for now, what I'm going to do is I'm going to come down to phone to do is I'm going to come down to phone to do is I'm going to come down to phone numbers right here numbers right here numbers right here and I'm actually going just to delete and I'm actually going just to delete and I'm actually going just to delete this number, okay? this number, okay? this number, okay? And since my And since my And since my phone number is already configured phone number is already configured phone number is already configured inside my active numbers, so once you inside my active numbers, so once you inside my active numbers, so once you bought a number it will come up with bought a number it will come up with bought a number it will come up with active number, okay? active number, okay? active number, okay? Um I'm also going to delete my SIP trunk Um I'm also going to delete my SIP trunk Um I'm also going to delete my SIP trunk as well, which is essentially what's as well, which is essentially what's as well, which is essentially what's connecting to Retail. connecting to Retail. connecting to Retail. Okay? Okay? Okay? Um Um Um actually before that, I'll ask Claude if actually before that, I'll ask Claude if actually before that, I'll ask Claude if it can automatically do it. it can automatically do it. it can automatically do it. Hey Claude, I was wondering if you can Hey Claude, I was wondering if you can Hey Claude, I was wondering if you can automatically connect a phone number automatically connect a phone number automatically connect a phone number that is in my Retail AI, not Retail, that is in my Retail AI, not Retail, that is in my Retail AI, not Retail, Twilio AI console console, and I want Twilio AI console console, and I want Twilio AI console console, and I want you to connect it to my voice agent you to connect it to my voice agent you to connect it to my voice agent inside Retail. Can you do that? inside Retail. Can you do that? inside Retail. Can you do that? Let's ask Claude if it can do it now. Let's ask Claude if it can do it now. Let's ask Claude if it can do it now. Okay? So now now upon asking it, it Okay? So now now upon asking it, it Okay? So now now upon asking it, it should be able to um actually do it. So should be able to um actually do it. So should be able to um actually do it. So we can see it's listed all my phone we can see it's listed all my phone we can see it's listed all my phone numbers through Twilio through the numbers through Twilio through the numbers through Twilio through the through our API, that's why I told you through our API, that's why I told you through our API, that's why I told you to add the API. to add the API. to add the API. Um Um Um so um we can see right here it's got our so um we can see right here it's got our so um we can see right here it's got our four numbers. So I'm going to select four numbers. So I'm going to select four numbers. So I'm going to select that one, but before I'm going to do that one, but before I'm going to do that one, but before I'm going to do that, I'm going to disconnect and delete that, I'm going to disconnect and delete that, I'm going to disconnect and delete the SIP trunk cuz I've already got it the SIP trunk cuz I've already got it the SIP trunk cuz I've already got it connected up. Okay, so as we can see connected up. Okay, so as we can see connected up. Okay, so as we can see here, I've just done a little bit of here, I've just done a little bit of here, I've just done a little bit of research and this is the most automated research and this is the most automated research and this is the most automated way we can essentially add a SIP trunk. way we can essentially add a SIP trunk. way we can essentially add a SIP trunk. It's just simply getting the SIP URI, It's just simply getting the SIP URI, It's just simply getting the SIP URI, okay? okay? okay? So to get this simply, okay, we can go So to get this simply, okay, we can go So to get this simply, okay, we can go over to the Twilio Retail documentation, over to the Twilio Retail documentation, over to the Twilio Retail documentation, okay? So that's going to be the okay? So that's going to be the okay? So that's going to be the documentation like this, okay? And documentation like this, okay? And documentation like this, okay? And essentially all we need to do is paste essentially all we need to do is paste essentially all we need to do is paste the SIP URI. the SIP URI. the SIP URI. Okay, and we come back and we can say Okay, and we come back and we can say Okay, and we come back and we can say here it is here it is here it is and and and what what what Claude code is going to do is it's going Claude code is going to do is it's going Claude code is going to do is it's going to install this automatically. So it's to install this automatically. So it's to install this automatically. So it's automatically going to create a SIP automatically going to create a SIP automatically going to create a SIP trunk by the API, okay? And um trunk by the API, okay? And um trunk by the API, okay? And um it's saying I don't need to configure it it's saying I don't need to configure it it's saying I don't need to configure it to our agent inside Retail AI using the to our agent inside Retail AI using the to our agent inside Retail AI using the import phone number section or, you import phone number section or, you import phone number section or, you know, tab or part, right? know, tab or part, right? know, tab or part, right? So that's probably the the most So that's probably the the most So that's probably the the most automated way automated way automated way we can we can we can obviously create everything. So I'm just obviously create everything. So I'm just obviously create everything. So I'm just going to wait here and it should be able going to wait here and it should be able going to wait here and it should be able to go ahead and connect everything to to go ahead and connect everything to to go ahead and connect everything to the agent and we should be able to call the agent and we should be able to call the agent and we should be able to call um everything because the SIP URI is the um everything because the SIP URI is the um everything because the SIP URI is the only way we can actually connect Twilio only way we can actually connect Twilio only way we can actually connect Twilio to Retail. We can't actually do it via to Retail. We can't actually do it via to Retail. We can't actually do it via the um the um the um post call webhook function, but we can post call webhook function, but we can post call webhook function, but we can see right here see right here see right here it's gone ahead and it's gone ahead and it's gone ahead and configured everything, so we can go configured everything, so we can go configured everything, so we can go ahead and give it a call. Hi there, you've reached Brisbane Hi there, you've reached Brisbane Hi there, you've reached Brisbane Physiotherapy and Podiatry. I'm Maya. Physiotherapy and Podiatry. I'm Maya. Physiotherapy and Podiatry. I'm Maya. How can I help you today? How can I help you today? How can I help you today? Hey Maya, how you going? Look, I just Hey Maya, how you going? Look, I just Hey Maya, how you going? Look, I just like to book an appointment. Hey Luke, I'm good, thanks. Hope you are Hey Luke, I'm good, thanks. Hope you are Hey Luke, I'm good, thanks. Hope you are too. too. too. Back in for another physio or podiatry Back in for another physio or podiatry Back in for another physio or podiatry session today? And do you have a session today? And do you have a session today? And do you have a preference for Albion or West End? preference for Albion or West End? preference for Albion or West End? Uh it'll it'll be for West End, please. No worries, Luke. West End it is. Are No worries, Luke. West End it is. Are No worries, Luke. West End it is. Are you after physio or podiatry this time? you after physio or podiatry this time? you after physio or podiatry this time? And do you have a day or time window And do you have a day or time window And do you have a day or time window that works best for you? Morning or that works best for you? Morning or that works best for you? Morning or afternoon or just whenever is available? afternoon or just whenever is available? afternoon or just whenever is available? Yeah, it'd be physio. Is there any Yeah, it'd be physio. Is there any Yeah, it'd be physio. Is there any available slots this week Friday at 2:00 available slots this week Friday at 2:00 available slots this week Friday at 2:00 p.m.? Give me a sec while I check Friday Give me a sec while I check Friday Give me a sec while I check Friday afternoon at West End for physio. afternoon at West End for physio. afternoon at West End for physio. Good news, Luke. We've got a physio slot Good news, Luke. We've got a physio slot Good news, Luke. We've got a physio slot at West End on Friday the 17th at 2:00 at West End on Friday the 17th at 2:00 at West End on Friday the 17th at 2:00 p.m. As well as the 10:00 a.m. earlier p.m. As well as the 10:00 a.m. earlier p.m. As well as the 10:00 a.m. earlier in the afternoon if you'd prefer. Does in the afternoon if you'd prefer. Does in the afternoon if you'd prefer. Does 2:00 p.m. work for you or would you like 2:00 p.m. work for you or would you like 2:00 p.m. work for you or would you like a different Yeah, 2:00 p.m.'s fine, a different Yeah, 2:00 p.m.'s fine, a different Yeah, 2:00 p.m.'s fine, yeah. Too easy, Luke. So that's physio at West Too easy, Luke. So that's physio at West Too easy, Luke. So that's physio at West End on Friday the 17th of April at 2:00 End on Friday the 17th of April at 2:00 End on Friday the 17th of April at 2:00 p.m. Just confirming we've still got you p.m. Just confirming we've still got you p.m. Just confirming we've still got you on your usual email. Is that right? And on your usual email. Is that right? And on your usual email. Is that right? And you're still under private cover for you're still under private cover for you're still under private cover for this one? Yeah, that's correct. Yeah. So this one? Yeah, that's correct. Yeah. So this one? Yeah, that's correct. Yeah. So we can see that has been successful. we can see that has been successful. we can see that has been successful. It's gone gone ahead and successfully It's gone gone ahead and successfully It's gone gone ahead and successfully gone ahead and um booked the gone ahead and um booked the gone ahead and um booked the appointment. appointment. appointment. So as you can see, we just wanted to So as you can see, we just wanted to So as you can see, we just wanted to test that first function, which is it's test that first function, which is it's test that first function, which is it's able to remember because my number's able to remember because my number's able to remember because my number's already in GoHighLevel, so it's able to already in GoHighLevel, so it's able to already in GoHighLevel, so it's able to remember any previous um remember any previous um remember any previous um and any previous numbers inside the and any previous numbers inside the and any previous numbers inside the system, okay? So that is all good. So system, okay? So that is all good. So system, okay? So that is all good. So now it's creating um now it's creating um now it's creating um and the numbers is working well. We've and the numbers is working well. We've and the numbers is working well. We've hooked our agent up to a number. So now hooked our agent up to a number. So now hooked our agent up to a number. So now what I want to do is I just want to what I want to do is I just want to what I want to do is I just want to replace the Twilio. So instead of replace the Twilio. So instead of replace the Twilio. So instead of GoHighLevel conversational, you know, GoHighLevel conversational, you know, GoHighLevel conversational, you know, API, I want you to just use the Twilio API, I want you to just use the Twilio API, I want you to just use the Twilio SMS to send SMSs via the Twilio API, SMS to send SMSs via the Twilio API, SMS to send SMSs via the Twilio API, please, not the GoHighLevel. So all that please, not the GoHighLevel. So all that please, not the GoHighLevel. So all that SMSs that are sending out GoHighLevel, SMSs that are sending out GoHighLevel, SMSs that are sending out GoHighLevel, just replace it with the Twilio one, just replace it with the Twilio one, just replace it with the Twilio one, please. please. please. So um yeah, we can just go ahead and So um yeah, we can just go ahead and So um yeah, we can just go ahead and send that off. Again, I just wanted to send that off. Again, I just wanted to send that off. Again, I just wanted to replace it because we don't actually replace it because we don't actually replace it because we don't actually have numbers inside the GoHighLevel at have numbers inside the GoHighLevel at have numbers inside the GoHighLevel at the moment and that's a process of the moment and that's a process of the moment and that's a process of setting that up. We can just use our setting that up. We can just use our setting that up. We can just use our Twilio SMS right here. So Twilio SMS right here. So Twilio SMS right here. So um with that being said, that's pretty um with that being said, that's pretty um with that being said, that's pretty much everything done, okay? We've gone much everything done, okay? We've gone much everything done, okay? We've gone ahead and built out the full agent, ahead and built out the full agent, ahead and built out the full agent, okay? We've tested it multiple times. okay? We've tested it multiple times. okay? We've tested it multiple times. Um all of these functions we've asked it Um all of these functions we've asked it Um all of these functions we've asked it to manually test it up here. to manually test it up here. to manually test it up here. Um and we now have a number attached as Um and we now have a number attached as Um and we now have a number attached as well and this automation is working. So well and this automation is working. So well and this automation is working. So everything's working right here. So now everything's working right here. So now everything's working right here. So now the next step is to build out the the next step is to build out the the next step is to build out the dashboard, okay? And this is going to be dashboard, okay? And this is going to be dashboard, okay? And this is going to be the dashboard that has all of our the dashboard that has all of our the dashboard that has all of our sentiment analysis hooked up to a Google sentiment analysis hooked up to a Google sentiment analysis hooked up to a Google sheet and then it that's going to be sheet and then it that's going to be sheet and then it that's going to be essentially used as the back end, okay? essentially used as the back end, okay? essentially used as the back end, okay? So if we, you know, while that's, you So if we, you know, while that's, you So if we, you know, while that's, you know, cooking up here know, cooking up here know, cooking up here while that's configuring all of the SMS while that's configuring all of the SMS while that's configuring all of the SMS points, we can come back and we can go points, we can come back and we can go points, we can come back and we can go to our N8N workflow. to our N8N workflow. to our N8N workflow. Okay, and we're going to need to create Okay, and we're going to need to create Okay, and we're going to need to create a new workflow in here through Claude a new workflow in here through Claude a new workflow in here through Claude code um and it's going to need to be code um and it's going to need to be code um and it's going to need to be hooked up to a database. Now that I'm hooked up to a database. Now that I'm hooked up to a database. Now that I'm thinking about it, we probably should thinking about it, we probably should thinking about it, we probably should use something like Superbase or use something like Superbase or use something like Superbase or something like that, but I think Google something like that, but I think Google something like that, but I think Google Sheets should be fine for now. Um if I Sheets should be fine for now. Um if I Sheets should be fine for now. Um if I was doing it in a production grade was doing it in a production grade was doing it in a production grade agent, Superbase would be something that agent, Superbase would be something that agent, Superbase would be something that I would use depending on the volume of I would use depending on the volume of I would use depending on the volume of calls, but Google Sheets should be fine calls, but Google Sheets should be fine calls, but Google Sheets should be fine as kind of the back end for that as kind of the back end for that as kind of the back end for that displaying off the back of that. Um so displaying off the back of that. Um so displaying off the back of that. Um so that's going to be essentially the last that's going to be essentially the last that's going to be essentially the last thing that we'll build and then we'll thing that we'll build and then we'll thing that we'll build and then we'll just run through some testing and it just run through some testing and it just run through some testing and it should be all good to go. So let's just should be all good to go. So let's just should be all good to go. So let's just come back here and come back here and come back here and we're just going to wait for Claude code we're just going to wait for Claude code we're just going to wait for Claude code to kind of finish configuring the SMSs to kind of finish configuring the SMSs to kind of finish configuring the SMSs um and then we'll get moving on to um and then we'll get moving on to um and then we'll get moving on to building the dashboard. building the dashboard. building the dashboard. Okay, so we can see I just have to Okay, so we can see I just have to Okay, so we can see I just have to quickly swap that out for a US number quickly swap that out for a US number quickly swap that out for a US number because that has SMS capabilities. But because that has SMS capabilities. But because that has SMS capabilities. But we can see everything is built out. So we can see everything is built out. So we can see everything is built out. So we now have a full pretty much build we now have a full pretty much build we now have a full pretty much build out. Now what we have to do is we have out. Now what we have to do is we have out. Now what we have to do is we have to build out the dashboard. So I'm just to build out the dashboard. So I'm just to build out the dashboard. So I'm just going to do {slash} clear right here and going to do {slash} clear right here and going to do {slash} clear right here and this free up some context so we can this free up some context so we can this free up some context so we can build the dashboard. So build the dashboard. So build the dashboard. So so so so as you can see, it's just going to as you can see, it's just going to as you can see, it's just going to summarize everything. I've just asked summarize everything. I've just asked summarize everything. I've just asked for a summary and then we'll literally for a summary and then we'll literally for a summary and then we'll literally just paste it in to give it context. just paste it in to give it context. just paste it in to give it context. This is a lot better of continuing out This is a lot better of continuing out This is a lot better of continuing out this conversation cuz I think our this conversation cuz I think our this conversation cuz I think our outputs are going to be better, outputs are going to be better, outputs are going to be better, especially when we're building an app, especially when we're building an app, especially when we're building an app, which is very which is very which is very um intensive on the tokens, okay? um intensive on the tokens, okay? um intensive on the tokens, okay? But it's just going to come through here But it's just going to come through here But it's just going to come through here and we're just going to paste this and we're just going to paste this and we're just going to paste this entire thing entire thing entire thing to kind of free up everything, right? to kind of free up everything, right? to kind of free up everything, right? So we'll just wait for So we'll just wait for So we'll just wait for for this, right? for this, right? for this, right? And we can just come out and copy And we can just come out and copy And we can just come out and copy this and we'll do {slash} clear, right? this and we'll do {slash} clear, right? this and we'll do {slash} clear, right? And then we'll do And then we'll do And then we'll do summary. summary. summary. I'll just put this in as a summary for I'll just put this in as a summary for I'll just put this in as a summary for Claude right here. Claude right here. Claude right here. Um and then it should have enough Um and then it should have enough Um and then it should have enough context to be able to build the app, context to be able to build the app, context to be able to build the app, right? All right, so All right, so All right, so now let's do a Yeah, so Google Sheets now let's do a Yeah, so Google Sheets now let's do a Yeah, so Google Sheets post look. So what we're going to do is post look. So what we're going to do is post look. So what we're going to do is we're just going to explain it to what we're just going to explain it to what we're just going to explain it to what we want it to build. So we'll say this. we want it to build. So we'll say this. we want it to build. So we'll say this. Hey Claude code, so essentially inside Hey Claude code, so essentially inside Hey Claude code, so essentially inside our Retail AI account in one of the our Retail AI account in one of the our Retail AI account in one of the agents, we have a post call data agents, we have a post call data agents, we have a post call data extraction where it it is extracting extraction where it it is extracting extraction where it it is extracting variables after the call has ended, variables after the call has ended, variables after the call has ended, okay? okay? okay? Um and this is from Retail AI. So it Um and this is from Retail AI. So it Um and this is from Retail AI. So it does things like the transcript, it does does things like the transcript, it does does things like the transcript, it does things like the summary, um things like the summary, um things like the summary, um the type of appointment booked, the type of appointment booked, the type of appointment booked, different information, etc. So what I different information, etc. So what I different information, etc. So what I want you to build for me is I want you want you to build for me is I want you want you to build for me is I want you to build a N8N workflow that is to build a N8N workflow that is to build a N8N workflow that is obviously hooked up to the post call obviously hooked up to the post call obviously hooked up to the post call webhook webhook webhook um function inside Retail. So whenever um function inside Retail. So whenever um function inside Retail. So whenever that call ends, it sends it to that that call ends, it sends it to that that call ends, it sends it to that webhook. I want you to use Google Sheets webhook. I want you to use Google Sheets webhook. I want you to use Google Sheets as a database, okay, inside N8N. as a database, okay, inside N8N. as a database, okay, inside N8N. And then I want you to And then I want you to And then I want you to flick that database to a flick that database to a flick that database to a custom custom custom analytical analytical analytical dashboard app that we can show the dashboard app that we can show the dashboard app that we can show the clients. This should have things like clients. This should have things like clients. This should have things like recent calls, it had should have things recent calls, it had should have things recent calls, it had should have things like key analytics, so amount of calls like key analytics, so amount of calls like key analytics, so amount of calls taken, overall call sentiment, taken, overall call sentiment, taken, overall call sentiment, um um um number of appointments booked, um so number of appointments booked, um so number of appointments booked, um so just key metrics that the business owner just key metrics that the business owner just key metrics that the business owner can use. So I want you to build all of can use. So I want you to build all of can use. So I want you to build all of that for me, the app, the N8N workflow, that for me, the app, the N8N workflow, that for me, the app, the N8N workflow, um and all of that so it can be um and all of that so it can be um and all of that so it can be displayed clearly to the business owner. displayed clearly to the business owner. displayed clearly to the business owner. So So So that's something that I'm just going to that's something that I'm just going to that's something that I'm just going to simply describe to Claude code and it simply describe to Claude code and it simply describe to Claude code and it should have everything to go ahead and should have everything to go ahead and should have everything to go ahead and hook everything up. So I'm going to hook everything up. So I'm going to hook everything up. So I'm going to switch on to plan mode for this because switch on to plan mode for this because switch on to plan mode for this because it is going to be building an app, so it it is going to be building an app, so it it is going to be building an app, so it is an interactive type of web is an interactive type of web is an interactive type of web application type of thing. So it's going application type of thing. So it's going application type of thing. So it's going to be using quite a lot of tokens, okay? to be using quite a lot of tokens, okay? to be using quite a lot of tokens, okay? If you're on the pro plan, I'm not sure If you're on the pro plan, I'm not sure If you're on the pro plan, I'm not sure if you'll be able to use this amount of if you'll be able to use this amount of if you'll be able to use this amount of context all in one all in one video, so context all in one all in one video, so context all in one all in one video, so um um um you might want to have to come back to you might want to have to come back to you might want to have to come back to this video and what wait till your this video and what wait till your this video and what wait till your tokens are built up, but because I am I tokens are built up, but because I am I tokens are built up, but because I am I am on the pro plan, it is able to have am on the pro plan, it is able to have am on the pro plan, it is able to have enough context, okay? So which analytics enough context, okay? So which analytics enough context, okay? So which analytics should the dashboard use? Um should the dashboard use? Um should the dashboard use? Um Let's do Next.js plus Let's do Next.js plus Let's do Next.js plus plus the verification, yeah. So we can plus the verification, yeah. So we can plus the verification, yeah. So we can just do with a We'll just do a Vercel just do with a We'll just do a Vercel just do with a We'll just do a Vercel with the public with the public with the public password. password. password. Um data source for dashboard data source for dashboard data source for dashboard dashboard calls and N workflow that dashboard calls and N workflow that dashboard calls and N workflow that turns. We'll just do by the N 8 N API, okay? We'll just do by the N 8 N API, okay? We'll just do by the N 8 N API, okay? Um which metrics must have on V1, so Um which metrics must have on V1, so Um which metrics must have on V1, so recent call tables, recent call tables, recent call tables, um put on that, that. put on that, that. put on that, that. We'll just do everything to be honest. We'll just do everything to be honest. We'll just do everything to be honest. Okay, we'll just select that. Okay, so Okay, we'll just select that. Okay, so Okay, we'll just select that. Okay, so I'll just ask us some questions about I'll just ask us some questions about I'll just ask us some questions about the plan mode. So, I am using plan mode the plan mode. So, I am using plan mode the plan mode. So, I am using plan mode to build this out. Once it has got a to build this out. Once it has got a to build this out. Once it has got a plan, then we'll just go ahead and plan, then we'll just go ahead and plan, then we'll just go ahead and configure it and we will wait and we'll configure it and we will wait and we'll configure it and we will wait and we'll start to test the agent overall. start to test the agent overall. start to test the agent overall. Then we can see all of those things Then we can see all of those things Then we can see all of those things populating in live time in there. Again, populating in live time in there. Again, populating in live time in there. Again, this is something that I would do for a this is something that I would do for a this is something that I would do for a production grade agent, so I'm trying to production grade agent, so I'm trying to production grade agent, so I'm trying to give you the raw format of everything give you the raw format of everything give you the raw format of everything for a production grade agent. Um and for a production grade agent. Um and for a production grade agent. Um and this is something that is kind of a this is something that is kind of a this is something that is kind of a must-have, especially for businesses must-have, especially for businesses must-have, especially for businesses that want to see the overall summary and that want to see the overall summary and that want to see the overall summary and see the overall transcripts and data see the overall transcripts and data see the overall transcripts and data going into their voice agent. This is going into their voice agent. This is going into their voice agent. This is something that's very, very useful, something that's very, very useful, something that's very, very useful, okay? okay? okay? So, I'm going to come back once the once So, I'm going to come back once the once So, I'm going to come back once the once the plan's done, all right? Okay, so we can see right here, um we Okay, so we can see right here, um we Okay, so we can see right here, um we have the plan. So, a little bit of have the plan. So, a little bit of have the plan. So, a little bit of context. context. context. Already extracts 12 post-call variables, Already extracts 12 post-call variables, Already extracts 12 post-call variables, um but there's no customer for that um but there's no customer for that um but there's no customer for that webhook. The data is lost after each webhook. The data is lost after each webhook. The data is lost after each call. The client, which is this, okay? call. The client, which is this, okay? call. The client, which is this, okay? Um Um Um needs a simple, shareable dashboard that needs a simple, shareable dashboard that needs a simple, shareable dashboard that shows the agents what what what it is shows the agents what what what it is shows the agents what what what it is doing. How many calls it's taken, how doing. How many calls it's taken, how doing. How many calls it's taken, how many bookings it's driven, overall many bookings it's driven, overall many bookings it's driven, overall sentiment, a scrollable log of recent sentiment, a scrollable log of recent sentiment, a scrollable log of recent calls. This plan adds two pieces and N 8 calls. This plan adds two pieces and N 8 calls. This plan adds two pieces and N 8 N workflow that receives it and then N workflow that receives it and then N workflow that receives it and then appends it to a Google Sheet database appends it to a Google Sheet database appends it to a Google Sheet database plus a second webhook that returns the plus a second webhook that returns the plus a second webhook that returns the aggregated metrics as a JSON. And then aggregated metrics as a JSON. And then aggregated metrics as a JSON. And then we're going to be using Next.js plus we're going to be using Next.js plus we're going to be using Next.js plus Tailwind as a dashboard to deploy it to Tailwind as a dashboard to deploy it to Tailwind as a dashboard to deploy it to Vercel with password protection, which Vercel with password protection, which Vercel with password protection, which calls the N 8 N metrics endpoint and calls the N 8 N metrics endpoint and calls the N 8 N metrics endpoint and renders the client-facing looking renders the client-facing looking renders the client-facing looking dashboard, okay? dashboard, okay? dashboard, okay? Um outcome actually hands the single URL Um outcome actually hands the single URL Um outcome actually hands the single URL plus password and the and the client plus password and the and the client plus password and the and the client sees everything, okay? sees everything, okay? sees everything, okay? So, sounds pretty good. Let's just say So, sounds pretty good. Let's just say So, sounds pretty good. Let's just say accept right here, all right? accept right here, all right? accept right here, all right? So, that is going to build out So, that is going to build out So, that is going to build out everything. This will probably take everything. This will probably take everything. This will probably take upwards of 5 minutes to be honest upwards of 5 minutes to be honest upwards of 5 minutes to be honest because it is an app, it is an because it is an app, it is an because it is an app, it is an interactive dashboard. So, um interactive dashboard. So, um interactive dashboard. So, um this is going to use a fair bit of this is going to use a fair bit of this is going to use a fair bit of tokens, but we can see it's just going tokens, but we can see it's just going tokens, but we can see it's just going to to to you know, work out everything right here you know, work out everything right here you know, work out everything right here to configure the dashboard. So, we go to configure the dashboard. So, we go to configure the dashboard. So, we go ahead and click on this here, ahead and click on this here, ahead and click on this here, we will be able to see we will be able to see we will be able to see our dashboard. So, our dashboard. So, our dashboard. So, as you can see right here, it's asking as you can see right here, it's asking as you can see right here, it's asking for a username and password right here. for a username and password right here. for a username and password right here. So, if you can see, username So, if you can see, username So, if you can see, username is simply going to be admin. And then we can go ahead and put in the And then we can go ahead and put in the And then we can go ahead and put in the password. Bang, right here. Bang, right here. Bang, right here. Sign in. Sign in. Sign in. Okay? Okay? Okay? And we can see this is our dashboard. And we can see this is our dashboard. And we can see this is our dashboard. So, essentially So, essentially So, essentially what it did is it ran into a few errors, what it did is it ran into a few errors, what it did is it ran into a few errors, particularly with the Google Sheet particularly with the Google Sheet particularly with the Google Sheet database. I thought that would be the database. I thought that would be the database. I thought that would be the best, most beginner-friendly, easiest best, most beginner-friendly, easiest best, most beginner-friendly, easiest way to kind of just store everything, way to kind of just store everything, way to kind of just store everything, but actually it went with a smarter but actually it went with a smarter but actually it went with a smarter approach, which is essentially it's approach, which is essentially it's approach, which is essentially it's after each call, it's going to pull from after each call, it's going to pull from after each call, it's going to pull from the Retail AI call logs, okay? And it's the Retail AI call logs, okay? And it's the Retail AI call logs, okay? And it's essentially just going to put each call essentially just going to put each call essentially just going to put each call log, it's going to transform it through log, it's going to transform it through log, it's going to transform it through N 8 N to our dashboard right here. So, N 8 N to our dashboard right here. So, N 8 N to our dashboard right here. So, we can see this is our beautiful we can see this is our beautiful we can see this is our beautiful dashboard. Look at this, right? We've dashboard. Look at this, right? We've dashboard. Look at this, right? We've got total calls, bookings, booking got total calls, bookings, booking got total calls, bookings, booking rates, average duration. This is a rates, average duration. This is a rates, average duration. This is a production grade dashboard in which the production grade dashboard in which the production grade dashboard in which the client can simply just go ahead and client can simply just go ahead and client can simply just go ahead and show, um go to the link and sign up show, um go to the link and sign up show, um go to the link and sign up using the credentials and they can see using the credentials and they can see using the credentials and they can see the recent calls. They're able to click the recent calls. They're able to click the recent calls. They're able to click in these recent calls and see the in these recent calls and see the in these recent calls and see the summary, as you can see. summary, as you can see. summary, as you can see. So, we've got my name, FAQs, the So, we've got my name, FAQs, the So, we've got my name, FAQs, the sentiment, duration. So, this is a sentiment, duration. So, this is a sentiment, duration. So, this is a direct dashboard you can give to direct dashboard you can give to direct dashboard you can give to business owners. So, we go to 24 hours, business owners. So, we go to 24 hours, business owners. So, we go to 24 hours, we can see that it's got bookings, we can see that it's got bookings, we can see that it's got bookings, booking rates, average duration, 7 days, booking rates, average duration, 7 days, booking rates, average duration, 7 days, 30 days, whatever, right? So, this is 30 days, whatever, right? So, this is 30 days, whatever, right? So, this is directly directly directly pulled from the Retail API logs and it's pulled from the Retail API logs and it's pulled from the Retail API logs and it's calculated the bookings, it's calculated calculated the bookings, it's calculated calculated the bookings, it's calculated the total calls. So, these are important the total calls. So, these are important the total calls. So, these are important that aren't quite displayed inside that aren't quite displayed inside that aren't quite displayed inside Retail AI. And then on top of that, we Retail AI. And then on top of that, we Retail AI. And then on top of that, we can kind of do a custom dashboard and can kind of do a custom dashboard and can kind of do a custom dashboard and you can even go ahead and customize the you can even go ahead and customize the you can even go ahead and customize the link and that type of stuff. So, link and that type of stuff. So, link and that type of stuff. So, that that's pretty much everything. So, that that's pretty much everything. So, that that's pretty much everything. So, that's our full, entire build, that's our full, entire build, that's our full, entire build, production grade build using Claude production grade build using Claude production grade build using Claude Code. Obviously, there's still going to Code. Obviously, there's still going to Code. Obviously, there's still going to be things in terms of testing, right? be things in terms of testing, right? be things in terms of testing, right? I'm going to be showing you a little bit I'm going to be showing you a little bit I'm going to be showing you a little bit how I can how you can automate that a how I can how you can automate that a how I can how you can automate that a little bit later, but little bit later, but little bit later, but this is going to be the most of the this is going to be the most of the this is going to be the most of the development done, right? Depending on development done, right? Depending on development done, right? Depending on the client that you're with, there's the client that you're with, there's the client that you're with, there's still going to be a lot of reiterations still going to be a lot of reiterations still going to be a lot of reiterations in terms of giving the voice agent to in terms of giving the voice agent to in terms of giving the voice agent to them, them testing, them giving you them, them testing, them giving you them, them testing, them giving you feedback, reiterating, reiterating, um feedback, reiterating, reiterating, um feedback, reiterating, reiterating, um but essentially you can obviously do but essentially you can obviously do but essentially you can obviously do that through Claude Code. And the that through Claude Code. And the that through Claude Code. And the testing and, you know, testing it testing and, you know, testing it testing and, you know, testing it through clients and testing it through through clients and testing it through through clients and testing it through real-world data is what really makes a real-world data is what really makes a real-world data is what really makes a very, very well production grade agent. very, very well production grade agent. very, very well production grade agent. But this is the closest replicate I can But this is the closest replicate I can But this is the closest replicate I can get and process to creating voice agents get and process to creating voice agents get and process to creating voice agents and production grade agents with Claude and production grade agents with Claude and production grade agents with Claude Code, okay? Code, okay? Code, okay? So, with that being said, that's the So, with that being said, that's the So, with that being said, that's the entire build done. We've got our entire build done. We've got our entire build done. We've got our dashboard, we've got our dashboard, we've got our dashboard, we've got our multi-scheduling agent, we've got the multi-scheduling agent, we've got the multi-scheduling agent, we've got the inbound call webhook set up. So, inbound call webhook set up. So, inbound call webhook set up. So, essentially all of this is set up. Now, essentially all of this is set up. Now, essentially all of this is set up. Now, all that's left to do is we are going to all that's left to do is we are going to all that's left to do is we are going to essentially go through the production essentially go through the production essentially go through the production grade testing pipeline. So, grade testing pipeline. So, grade testing pipeline. So, with that being said, if we come over to with that being said, if we come over to with that being said, if we come over to the API right here, there's a few ways the API right here, there's a few ways the API right here, there's a few ways we can test it, right? Number one is we can test it, right? Number one is we can test it, right? Number one is through create a chat. So, we can go through create a chat. So, we can go through create a chat. So, we can go ahead and create a chat inside the ahead and create a chat inside the ahead and create a chat inside the manual chat and we can test it like manual chat and we can test it like manual chat and we can test it like that. that. that. That's good also, but another way we can That's good also, but another way we can That's good also, but another way we can test it is we can do it via a test it is we can do it via a test it is we can do it via a simulation, okay? And I'll show you what simulation, okay? And I'll show you what simulation, okay? And I'll show you what a simulation is kind of used and these a simulation is kind of used and these a simulation is kind of used and these are through through tests, you know, are through through tests, you know, are through through tests, you know, test case definitions. This is where we test case definitions. This is where we test case definitions. This is where we define the definition and define the define the definition and define the define the definition and define the overall scenario we want to test and it overall scenario we want to test and it overall scenario we want to test and it can go ahead and test it, okay? And then can go ahead and test it, okay? And then can go ahead and test it, okay? And then we can also use create batch tests. So, we can also use create batch tests. So, we can also use create batch tests. So, this is a API in which we can use to this is a API in which we can use to this is a API in which we can use to create multiple batch tests against the create multiple batch tests against the create multiple batch tests against the voice agents. voice agents. voice agents. So, that's essentially how we can test So, that's essentially how we can test So, that's essentially how we can test the agents, okay? And then from there, the agents, okay? And then from there, the agents, okay? And then from there, we can prompt Claude to say, "Hey, we can prompt Claude to say, "Hey, we can prompt Claude to say, "Hey, whatever errors you found, actually go whatever errors you found, actually go whatever errors you found, actually go ahead and update that voice agent so it ahead and update that voice agent so it ahead and update that voice agent so it can can can um um um so so you can actually change it, okay? so so you can actually change it, okay? so so you can actually change it, okay? So, through the simulations here, we can So, through the simulations here, we can So, through the simulations here, we can you know, you can create these test you know, you can create these test you know, you can create these test agents right here. So, you can create a agents right here. So, you can create a agents right here. So, you can create a test case right here. So, what I'm going test case right here. So, what I'm going test case right here. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to essentially put to do is I'm going to essentially put to do is I'm going to essentially put some of these links in and I'm going to some of these links in and I'm going to some of these links in and I'm going to give it to Claude. I'll say, give it to Claude. I'll say, give it to Claude. I'll say, "slash clear." Now that's built, I'll "slash clear." Now that's built, I'll "slash clear." Now that's built, I'll say, "Hey Claude, I now want you to do some "Hey Claude, I now want you to do some "Hey Claude, I now want you to do some manual and automated testing for our manual and automated testing for our manual and automated testing for our voice agent. I want you to conduct a a voice agent. I want you to conduct a a voice agent. I want you to conduct a a few tests. If you do find any errors, few tests. If you do find any errors, few tests. If you do find any errors, please fix them and reiterate them and please fix them and reiterate them and please fix them and reiterate them and then test again to see if that error has then test again to see if that error has then test again to see if that error has been fixed. What we're going to be doing been fixed. What we're going to be doing been fixed. What we're going to be doing is we're going to be using a batch test. is we're going to be using a batch test. is we're going to be using a batch test. We're going to be using manual chat We're going to be using manual chat We're going to be using manual chat tests um to test the agent in batches, tests um to test the agent in batches, tests um to test the agent in batches, okay? okay? okay? Then again, if you find any errors, fix Then again, if you find any errors, fix Then again, if you find any errors, fix them and then test that error again to them and then test that error again to them and then test that error again to make sure it's fixed." make sure it's fixed." make sure it's fixed." Okay? Okay? Okay? So, So, So, we can put something like that inside we can put something like that inside we can put something like that inside Claude and it's going to give the Claude and it's going to give the Claude and it's going to give the ability to create multiple batch tests ability to create multiple batch tests ability to create multiple batch tests and multiple use cases, okay? and multiple use cases, okay? and multiple use cases, okay? And then I'll say something like this. And then I'll say something like this. And then I'll say something like this. I'll say, I'll say, I'll say, "Make sure to create multiple use cases "Make sure to create multiple use cases "Make sure to create multiple use cases for a real-world scenario of someone for a real-world scenario of someone for a real-world scenario of someone calling in. calling in. calling in. Um so, you can create a simulation or a Um so, you can create a simulation or a Um so, you can create a simulation or a batch test of a real-world patient batch test of a real-world patient batch test of a real-world patient calling in. Make sure to test all calling in. Make sure to test all calling in. Make sure to test all aspects of the voice agent to make sure aspects of the voice agent to make sure aspects of the voice agent to make sure everything works." everything works." everything works." So, you can put something like that in So, you can put something like that in So, you can put something like that in there now and then we can just simply there now and then we can just simply there now and then we can just simply switch to bypass permissions, okay? switch to bypass permissions, okay? switch to bypass permissions, okay? And what this is going to do is it's And what this is going to do is it's And what this is going to do is it's going to read the documentation of going to read the documentation of going to read the documentation of Retail AI. It's going to create the Retail AI. It's going to create the Retail AI. It's going to create the batch test. If it comes across any batch test. If it comes across any batch test. If it comes across any errors, it's simply going to be able to errors, it's simply going to be able to errors, it's simply going to be able to fix it because it's already designed the fix it because it's already designed the fix it because it's already designed the entire structure right here, okay? So, entire structure right here, okay? So, entire structure right here, okay? So, it has literally everything it needs to it has literally everything it needs to it has literally everything it needs to fix it, okay? So, that's essentially how fix it, okay? So, that's essentially how fix it, okay? So, that's essentially how you can do the tests and automated tests you can do the tests and automated tests you can do the tests and automated tests through um batch tests right there, through um batch tests right there, through um batch tests right there, okay? okay? okay? So, for this particular build, um So, for this particular build, um So, for this particular build, um as you can see, this is kind of the the as you can see, this is kind of the the as you can see, this is kind of the the testing, right? So, we've already done testing, right? So, we've already done testing, right? So, we've already done the manual testing. We're going to do the manual testing. We're going to do the manual testing. We're going to do the automated test suite, which is the the automated test suite, which is the the automated test suite, which is the batch test and then end-to-end batch test and then end-to-end batch test and then end-to-end simulations, which is just a overall simulations, which is just a overall simulations, which is just a overall test on the phone call. So, we're going test on the phone call. So, we're going test on the phone call. So, we're going to do that after the batch test has kind to do that after the batch test has kind to do that after the batch test has kind of finished and then we'll do one more of finished and then we'll do one more of finished and then we'll do one more phone call, right? We'll test all routes phone call, right? We'll test all routes phone call, right? We'll test all routes again just to make sure everything's again just to make sure everything's again just to make sure everything's working. We'll look at the dashboard um working. We'll look at the dashboard um working. We'll look at the dashboard um and yeah, that's pretty much going to be and yeah, that's pretty much going to be and yeah, that's pretty much going to be everything. So, essentially all that everything. So, essentially all that everything. So, essentially all that that means is it I did seven scenarios, that means is it I did seven scenarios, that means is it I did seven scenarios, it identified errors and it fixed them it identified errors and it fixed them it identified errors and it fixed them back. So, we can see it was just back. So, we can see it was just back. So, we can see it was just continuing running the batch test Python continuing running the batch test Python continuing running the batch test Python code up here, um all these batch test code up here, um all these batch test code up here, um all these batch test Python codes um whenever it found an Python codes um whenever it found an Python codes um whenever it found an error and if it did fix that error, it error and if it did fix that error, it error and if it did fix that error, it would just go back and double-check it would just go back and double-check it would just go back and double-check it and confirm it, okay? and confirm it, okay? and confirm it, okay? So, um yeah, that's essentially the So, um yeah, that's essentially the So, um yeah, that's essentially the entire testing protocol and entire entire testing protocol and entire entire testing protocol and entire production grade voice build. Obviously, production grade voice build. Obviously, production grade voice build. Obviously, the next step from here would probably the next step from here would probably the next step from here would probably be something like asking the client or be something like asking the client or be something like asking the client or asking the caller to call the agent asking the caller to call the agent asking the caller to call the agent itself and verifying it. Also, you would itself and verifying it. Also, you would itself and verifying it. Also, you would launch this in a um business production launch this in a um business production launch this in a um business production environment where real customers are environment where real customers are environment where real customers are calling the phone and you would continue calling the phone and you would continue calling the phone and you would continue to monitor, test, um and reiterate the to monitor, test, um and reiterate the to monitor, test, um and reiterate the agent from there. So, that's essentially agent from there. So, that's essentially agent from there. So, that's essentially the entire build of the voice agent. If the entire build of the voice agent. If the entire build of the voice agent. If you do like these longer form videos, you do like these longer form videos, you do like these longer form videos, make sure to leave a like, comment, and make sure to leave a like, comment, and make sure to leave a like, comment, and subscribe if you haven't already. But subscribe if you haven't already. But subscribe if you haven't already. But without further ado, I'll see you in the without further ado, I'll see you in the without further ado, I'll see you in the next one.
