Today, we're going to build an Today, we're going to build an Today, we're going to build an autonomous AI agent together using autonomous AI agent together using autonomous AI agent together using Microsoft Copilot Studio. It's simple to Microsoft Copilot Studio. It's simple to Microsoft Copilot Studio. It's simple to do and requires no coding. We'll create do and requires no coding. We'll create do and requires no coding. We'll create an AI agent that everyone can use, and an AI agent that everyone can use, and an AI agent that everyone can use, and once we build it, it'll automatically once we build it, it'll automatically once we build it, it'll automatically run in the background and help with your run in the background and help with your run in the background and help with your everyday work. Welcome to Collaboration everyday work. Welcome to Collaboration everyday work. Welcome to Collaboration Simplified. My name is Shervin Shaikhie, Simplified. My name is Shervin Shaikhie, Simplified. My name is Shervin Shaikhie, and I work at Microsoft as a Copilot and I work at Microsoft as a Copilot and I work at Microsoft as a Copilot Principal Technical Specialist. What Principal Technical Specialist. What Principal Technical Specialist. What we'll do first is go over a few slides we'll do first is go over a few slides we'll do first is go over a few slides to better understand autonomous agents, to better understand autonomous agents, to better understand autonomous agents, then we'll build this autonomous AI then we'll build this autonomous AI then we'll build this autonomous AI agent together, and then we'll run a agent together, and then we'll run a agent together, and then we'll run a demo. Let's get started. Now, before we build this really, really Now, before we build this really, really Now, before we build this really, really cool autonomous agent, and you guys are cool autonomous agent, and you guys are cool autonomous agent, and you guys are going to love it, I do want to give a going to love it, I do want to give a going to love it, I do want to give a quick refresher on autonomous agents and quick refresher on autonomous agents and quick refresher on autonomous agents and where they are. And to do that, first where they are. And to do that, first where they are. And to do that, first we're going to have to zoom out a little we're going to have to zoom out a little we're going to have to zoom out a little bit and look at the fact that agents bit and look at the fact that agents bit and look at the fact that agents live on a spectrum. live on a spectrum. live on a spectrum. And autonomous are on the far right-hand And autonomous are on the far right-hand And autonomous are on the far right-hand side, more on the advanced in terms of side, more on the advanced in terms of side, more on the advanced in terms of capabilities. capabilities. capabilities. And the simpler side or the And the simpler side or the And the simpler side or the retrieval-based agent with task-based retrieval-based agent with task-based retrieval-based agent with task-based agents living in the center. agents living in the center. agents living in the center. And the other interesting thing about And the other interesting thing about And the other interesting thing about this, as I've built all kinds of these this, as I've built all kinds of these this, as I've built all kinds of these agents over time, agents over time, agents over time, is that you can start with a is that you can start with a is that you can start with a retrieval-based agent and turn it into retrieval-based agent and turn it into retrieval-based agent and turn it into an autonomous one. Same with a an autonomous one. Same with a an autonomous one. Same with a task-based one. You can make a task-based one. You can make a task-based one. You can make a task-based one, turn it into an task-based one, turn it into an task-based one, turn it into an autonomous one down the road. And this autonomous one down the road. And this autonomous one down the road. And this spectrum, it's got lines that are kind spectrum, it's got lines that are kind spectrum, it's got lines that are kind of blurred, right? So, we're trying to of blurred, right? So, we're trying to of blurred, right? So, we're trying to simplify it in the messaging here, but simplify it in the messaging here, but simplify it in the messaging here, but understand that this spectrum is understand that this spectrum is understand that this spectrum is actually fairly fluid. actually fairly fluid. actually fairly fluid. If we look at them independently in the If we look at them independently in the If we look at them independently in the silos that they exist in today, we're silos that they exist in today, we're silos that they exist in today, we're going to look at the most simple ones, going to look at the most simple ones, going to look at the most simple ones, the retrieval-based ones first. We the retrieval-based ones first. We the retrieval-based ones first. We actually built an agent like this in the actually built an agent like this in the actually built an agent like this in the last video. It was a HR, a human last video. It was a HR, a human last video. It was a HR, a human resources agent, where basically I gave resources agent, where basically I gave resources agent, where basically I gave it a knowledge repository of information it a knowledge repository of information it a knowledge repository of information that's typical to HR. And basically, the that's typical to HR. And basically, the that's typical to HR. And basically, the agent that we use Agent Builder, the agent that we use Agent Builder, the agent that we use Agent Builder, the best and most simple way to make agents best and most simple way to make agents best and most simple way to make agents actually, actually, actually, was going and just retrieving was going and just retrieving was going and just retrieving information. That's what retrieval based information. That's what retrieval based information. That's what retrieval based agents do. They retrieve information, agents do. They retrieve information, agents do. They retrieve information, they summarize, they reason over it, they summarize, they reason over it, they summarize, they reason over it, they answer questions, and I was looking they answer questions, and I was looking they answer questions, and I was looking at the knowledge sources and responding. at the knowledge sources and responding. at the knowledge sources and responding. So, these are the most simple, but also So, these are the most simple, but also So, these are the most simple, but also very effective. very effective. very effective. On the task based one, we actually built On the task based one, we actually built On the task based one, we actually built one of these, too, where we did a one of these, too, where we did a one of these, too, where we did a service style connector. service style connector. service style connector. Now, what makes this unique is that Now, what makes this unique is that Now, what makes this unique is that instead of just retrieving information, instead of just retrieving information, instead of just retrieving information, they're reading and writing. So, they're they're reading and writing. So, they're they're reading and writing. So, they're getting and giving. getting and giving. getting and giving. And in this case, task based agents are And in this case, task based agents are And in this case, task based agents are essentially taking action based on essentially taking action based on essentially taking action based on questions that you ask, automating questions that you ask, automating questions that you ask, automating workflows, and replacing repetitive workflows, and replacing repetitive workflows, and replacing repetitive tasks. So, in the ServiceNow video that tasks. So, in the ServiceNow video that tasks. So, in the ServiceNow video that we did, we created a connector using we did, we created a connector using we did, we created a connector using Copilot Studio Copilot Studio Copilot Studio to our ServiceNow instance. And the to our ServiceNow instance. And the to our ServiceNow instance. And the connector was able to read from connector was able to read from connector was able to read from ServiceNow, but also write to ServiceNow, but also write to ServiceNow, but also write to ServiceNow. ServiceNow. ServiceNow. When I said that agents are in a When I said that agents are in a When I said that agents are in a spectrum and the lines are kind of spectrum and the lines are kind of spectrum and the lines are kind of blurred, if I go back to the retrieval blurred, if I go back to the retrieval blurred, if I go back to the retrieval based agent that we used for that HR based agent that we used for that HR based agent that we used for that HR scenario we built, scenario we built, scenario we built, I can actually take that HR based I can actually take that HR based I can actually take that HR based retrieval agent and turn it into a task retrieval agent and turn it into a task retrieval agent and turn it into a task based one by having it not just read based one by having it not just read based one by having it not just read from our HR database, but also write to from our HR database, but also write to from our HR database, but also write to it. So, think of the example where it. So, think of the example where it. So, think of the example where you're asking it, "How much vacation you're asking it, "How much vacation you're asking it, "How much vacation time do I have left?" But you also want time do I have left?" But you also want time do I have left?" But you also want to book 5 days of vacation time. If to book 5 days of vacation time. If to book 5 days of vacation time. If you're able to book it, write to that you're able to book it, write to that you're able to book it, write to that system, now you've made a connection to system, now you've made a connection to system, now you've made a connection to your HR management system, and it's your HR management system, and it's your HR management system, and it's become a task based agent. Now, what become a task based agent. Now, what become a task based agent. Now, what makes an autonomous agent unique? And makes an autonomous agent unique? And makes an autonomous agent unique? And it's the most complex on the far it's the most complex on the far it's the most complex on the far right-hand side. Let's look at that a right-hand side. Let's look at that a right-hand side. Let's look at that a little bit. little bit. little bit. So, basically, autonomous agents, they So, basically, autonomous agents, they So, basically, autonomous agents, they operate independently, meaning that operate independently, meaning that operate independently, meaning that you're not typing and asking it you're not typing and asking it you're not typing and asking it questions. You've already pre-programmed questions. You've already pre-programmed questions. You've already pre-programmed what they're supposed to do, so they're what they're supposed to do, so they're what they're supposed to do, so they're operating independently. They have a operating independently. They have a operating independently. They have a dynamic plan. They're orchestrating dynamic plan. They're orchestrating dynamic plan. They're orchestrating other agents as well, and they're other agents as well, and they're other agents as well, and they're learning and escalating. But, we can learning and escalating. But, we can learning and escalating. But, we can dive into this a little bit more dive into this a little bit more dive into this a little bit more in the following slide. in the following slide. in the following slide. So, what are autonomous agents? They're So, what are autonomous agents? They're So, what are autonomous agents? They're basically expert systems that manage and basically expert systems that manage and basically expert systems that manage and automate complex business tasks, automate complex business tasks, automate complex business tasks, enhancing efficiency and innovation enhancing efficiency and innovation enhancing efficiency and innovation across your organization. But, here's across your organization. But, here's across your organization. But, here's the thing. They don't have to be the thing. They don't have to be the thing. They don't have to be managing complex tasks. In the example managing complex tasks. In the example managing complex tasks. In the example that I'll be giving you and what we'll that I'll be giving you and what we'll that I'll be giving you and what we'll be building today, it's actually pretty be building today, it's actually pretty be building today, it's actually pretty simple task. It's an autonomous agent, simple task. It's an autonomous agent, simple task. It's an autonomous agent, but it's also highly effective. but it's also highly effective. but it's also highly effective. Now, what are some examples of the Now, what are some examples of the Now, what are some examples of the characteristics of autonomous agents? characteristics of autonomous agents? characteristics of autonomous agents? Well, number one, they're proactive in Well, number one, they're proactive in Well, number one, they're proactive in that they're automatically responding to that they're automatically responding to that they're automatically responding to signals across your business signals across your business signals across your business and initiating tasks configured to react and initiating tasks configured to react and initiating tasks configured to react to events or triggers without human to events or triggers without human to events or triggers without human input. That's the key, right? With the input. That's the key, right? With the input. That's the key, right? With the task and the retrieval-based agents, task and the retrieval-based agents, task and the retrieval-based agents, you're asking it questions, but with you're asking it questions, but with you're asking it questions, but with these, they're just looking for some these, they're just looking for some these, they're just looking for some event, some trigger that wakes them up event, some trigger that wakes them up event, some trigger that wakes them up and makes them do something based on and makes them do something based on and makes them do something based on programming that you've designed programming that you've designed programming that you've designed beforehand. We'll be doing all of this beforehand. We'll be doing all of this beforehand. We'll be doing all of this with the autonomous agent that we built. with the autonomous agent that we built. with the autonomous agent that we built. The other thing is that they're The other thing is that they're The other thing is that they're independent. They're seamlessly independent. They're seamlessly independent. They're seamlessly completing tasks behind the scene completing tasks behind the scene completing tasks behind the scene without human intervention, and they're without human intervention, and they're without human intervention, and they're also adaptive. They're non-deterministic also adaptive. They're non-deterministic also adaptive. They're non-deterministic and able to produce different outcomes and able to produce different outcomes and able to produce different outcomes from the same initial conditions. What from the same initial conditions. What from the same initial conditions. What are we going to do? are we going to do? are we going to do? What we're going to do is this is really What we're going to do is this is really What we're going to do is this is really my first autonomous agent that I'm my first autonomous agent that I'm my first autonomous agent that I'm sharing with you, and I hope you like sharing with you, and I hope you like sharing with you, and I hope you like it. It's an email helper. it. It's an email helper. it. It's an email helper. And so, the idea behind this is that a And so, the idea behind this is that a And so, the idea behind this is that a new email arrives, new email arrives, new email arrives, and once this email arrives, this is the and once this email arrives, this is the and once this email arrives, this is the trigger. This is the trigger for the trigger. This is the trigger for the trigger. This is the trigger for the agent, right? Basically, as soon as an agent, right? Basically, as soon as an agent, right? Basically, as soon as an email arrives, the agent gets triggered. email arrives, the agent gets triggered. email arrives, the agent gets triggered. I hope you like that cat picture. I hope you like that cat picture. I hope you like that cat picture. And when the agent gets triggered, And when the agent gets triggered, And when the agent gets triggered, there's a set of instructions in the in there's a set of instructions in the in there's a set of instructions in the in the agent we'll build together in the agent we'll build together in the agent we'll build together in Copilot Studio. The instructions tell it Copilot Studio. The instructions tell it Copilot Studio. The instructions tell it what to do, right? Essentially, what I what to do, right? Essentially, what I what to do, right? Essentially, what I wanted to do was I get so many questions wanted to do was I get so many questions wanted to do was I get so many questions from people that I work with at from people that I work with at from people that I work with at Microsoft. And I'm like, okay, well, I Microsoft. And I'm like, okay, well, I Microsoft. And I'm like, okay, well, I can go ahead and research these or maybe can go ahead and research these or maybe can go ahead and research these or maybe I know them off the top of my head, but I know them off the top of my head, but I know them off the top of my head, but what if I could get this agent to answer what if I could get this agent to answer what if I could get this agent to answer these questions for me these questions for me these questions for me in a very professional manner where if I in a very professional manner where if I in a very professional manner where if I agree with it, I can just send it back agree with it, I can just send it back agree with it, I can just send it back to the person that asked me. And so to the person that asked me. And so to the person that asked me. And so that's what this autonomous agent does. that's what this autonomous agent does. that's what this autonomous agent does. It goes to the knowledge sources and I It goes to the knowledge sources and I It goes to the knowledge sources and I specify websites, internal documents, specify websites, internal documents, specify websites, internal documents, things that I have access to as a things that I have access to as a things that I have access to as a technical specialist. technical specialist. technical specialist. And then, essentially, And then, essentially, And then, essentially, it's lights, camera, action, right? It it's lights, camera, action, right? It it's lights, camera, action, right? It takes an action takes an action takes an action and it says, okay, so I've parsed the and it says, okay, so I've parsed the and it says, okay, so I've parsed the questions, I've consulted with the questions, I've consulted with the questions, I've consulted with the knowledge sources, and I'm going to take knowledge sources, and I'm going to take knowledge sources, and I'm going to take an action and I'm going to basically an action and I'm going to basically an action and I'm going to basically create all of this and send it back to create all of this and send it back to create all of this and send it back to Shirvin so that he can, if he likes, Shirvin so that he can, if he likes, Shirvin so that he can, if he likes, send it back to whoever asked all these send it back to whoever asked all these send it back to whoever asked all these questions. questions. questions. So it's basically an email helper, but So it's basically an email helper, but So it's basically an email helper, but it's autonomous in that it's triggered it's autonomous in that it's triggered it's autonomous in that it's triggered and then it wakes up. So, and then it wakes up. So, and then it wakes up. So, with that, let's build it. All right, on to my favorite part, which All right, on to my favorite part, which All right, on to my favorite part, which is the build, but before we continue, if is the build, but before we continue, if is the build, but before we continue, if you're finding value in the content so you're finding value in the content so you're finding value in the content so far, please give it a like as it really far, please give it a like as it really far, please give it a like as it really does help the channel. Thank you very does help the channel. Thank you very does help the channel. Thank you very much for your support. Now, first, we much for your support. Now, first, we much for your support. Now, first, we need access to Copilot Studio, and if need access to Copilot Studio, and if need access to Copilot Studio, and if you don't have access, then I recommend you don't have access, then I recommend you don't have access, then I recommend getting a free trial. Just search for getting a free trial. Just search for getting a free trial. Just search for Copilot Studio and it should bring you Copilot Studio and it should bring you Copilot Studio and it should bring you to this site where you can click on try to this site where you can click on try to this site where you can click on try free and get a free trial. So, make sure free and get a free trial. So, make sure free and get a free trial. So, make sure you have access to Copilot Studio. you have access to Copilot Studio. you have access to Copilot Studio. Now, Now, Now, when you get to Copilot Studio, you when you get to Copilot Studio, you when you get to Copilot Studio, you should see an environment like this. And should see an environment like this. And should see an environment like this. And on the left-hand side here, we have the on the left-hand side here, we have the on the left-hand side here, we have the home, create, agents. And so, I'm home, create, agents. And so, I'm home, create, agents. And so, I'm basically going to select create. And basically going to select create. And basically going to select create. And this is where all the fun starts, right? this is where all the fun starts, right? this is where all the fun starts, right? You can start creating this autonomous You can start creating this autonomous You can start creating this autonomous agent right from here. Now, you can go agent right from here. Now, you can go agent right from here. Now, you can go ahead and describe it kind of like we ahead and describe it kind of like we ahead and describe it kind of like we did with using the agent builder. Or on did with using the agent builder. Or on did with using the agent builder. Or on the top right-hand side, you can skip to the top right-hand side, you can skip to the top right-hand side, you can skip to configure or you can just select the configure or you can just select the configure or you can just select the create button. So, what I'm going to do create button. So, what I'm going to do create button. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to skip to configure. is I'm going to skip to configure. is I'm going to skip to configure. And here, you can give it information And here, you can give it information And here, you can give it information like the name, description, like the name, description, like the name, description, instructions. instructions. instructions. Um so, we'll start out here. And when we Um so, we'll start out here. And when we Um so, we'll start out here. And when we are done, we'll create it and then we'll are done, we'll create it and then we'll are done, we'll create it and then we'll get even more information. So, let's do get even more information. So, let's do get even more information. So, let's do it this way. So, first I'm going to give it this way. So, first I'm going to give it this way. So, first I'm going to give it a name. And I'm basically going to it a name. And I'm basically going to it a name. And I'm basically going to call it the email helper cuz it's going call it the email helper cuz it's going call it the email helper cuz it's going to be helping us with our emails. And I to be helping us with our emails. And I to be helping us with our emails. And I do have a cool icon that I'm going to do have a cool icon that I'm going to do have a cool icon that I'm going to give it. So, you can keep the icon the give it. So, you can keep the icon the give it. So, you can keep the icon the same, which is this, or you can change same, which is this, or you can change same, which is this, or you can change it. Let's do that. Let's change it. it. Let's do that. Let's change it. it. Let's do that. Let's change it. Click change icon. And in my folder Click change icon. And in my folder Click change icon. And in my folder here, I have this email helper PNG. I'm here, I have this email helper PNG. I'm here, I have this email helper PNG. I'm going to click open. going to click open. going to click open. And boom, this is the image I'm going to And boom, this is the image I'm going to And boom, this is the image I'm going to use, which matches our thumbnail on the use, which matches our thumbnail on the use, which matches our thumbnail on the video, and click save. So, name, icon. video, and click save. So, name, icon. video, and click save. So, name, icon. Now, we're going to give it a Now, we're going to give it a Now, we're going to give it a description. Let's tell the system what description. Let's tell the system what description. Let's tell the system what it's going to do. And what I'm going to it's going to do. And what I'm going to it's going to do. And what I'm going to say is, "You help" Basically, I'm say is, "You help" Basically, I'm say is, "You help" Basically, I'm talking to the AI, right? "You help with talking to the AI, right? "You help with talking to the AI, right? "You help with incoming emails to my inbox. incoming emails to my inbox. incoming emails to my inbox. You are a research assistant and look You are a research assistant and look You are a research assistant and look through all the questions through all the questions through all the questions that are asked that are asked that are asked in the email in the email in the email and do and do and do research for me. research for me. research for me. This is going to make my life a ton This is going to make my life a ton This is going to make my life a ton easier. Now, moving on to the easier. Now, moving on to the easier. Now, moving on to the instructions, you can see here it says, instructions, you can see here it says, instructions, you can see here it says, "Instructions directs the behavior of "Instructions directs the behavior of "Instructions directs the behavior of the agent including its task and how it the agent including its task and how it the agent including its task and how it completes them." So, the more granular, completes them." So, the more granular, completes them." So, the more granular, the more descriptive your instructions the more descriptive your instructions the more descriptive your instructions are, then the higher the chance the are, then the higher the chance the are, then the higher the chance the autonomous agent is going to act and autonomous agent is going to act and autonomous agent is going to act and behave just the way you expect it. So, behave just the way you expect it. So, behave just the way you expect it. So, let's start off and then we'll give it let's start off and then we'll give it let's start off and then we'll give it more instructions later on as well. more instructions later on as well. more instructions later on as well. When a unique When a unique When a unique new email new email new email comes into my inbox comes into my inbox comes into my inbox use the knowledge sources use the knowledge sources use the knowledge sources to research to research to research the questions the questions the questions that are that are that are in the email. Simple enough. Now, we'll in the email. Simple enough. Now, we'll in the email. Simple enough. Now, we'll add more instructions in a little bit add more instructions in a little bit add more instructions in a little bit and you'll see why. and you'll see why. and you'll see why. And then it says, "Add knowledge And then it says, "Add knowledge And then it says, "Add knowledge sources." Let's add that in a little sources." Let's add that in a little sources." Let's add that in a little bit, too. So, no big deal. You don't bit, too. So, no big deal. You don't bit, too. So, no big deal. You don't have to do everything here. You can have to do everything here. You can have to do everything here. You can actually at this point just click create actually at this point just click create actually at this point just click create on the top right-hand side and then on the top right-hand side and then on the top right-hand side and then you'll see that there's more opportunity you'll see that there's more opportunity you'll see that there's more opportunity to get this going. So, it's setting up to get this going. So, it's setting up to get this going. So, it's setting up the agent. We'll give it a second here. the agent. We'll give it a second here. the agent. We'll give it a second here. All right, so you can see now it kind of All right, so you can see now it kind of All right, so you can see now it kind of populated description, the instructions populated description, the instructions populated description, the instructions that we gave it. And I want you to that we gave it. And I want you to that we gave it. And I want you to notice that up along the top here we notice that up along the top here we notice that up along the top here we have these different areas like have these different areas like have these different areas like overview, knowledge, topics, actions, overview, knowledge, topics, actions, overview, knowledge, topics, actions, activity, analytics, channels. We should activity, analytics, channels. We should activity, analytics, channels. We should be able to look at most of these if not be able to look at most of these if not be able to look at most of these if not all of them. We don't really need all of all of them. We don't really need all of all of them. We don't really need all of them for the autonomous agent, but we'll them for the autonomous agent, but we'll them for the autonomous agent, but we'll we'll probably take a look. we'll probably take a look. we'll probably take a look. Now, one one thing that I want to turn Now, one one thing that I want to turn Now, one one thing that I want to turn on right away is it says, "Use gen AI to on right away is it says, "Use gen AI to on right away is it says, "Use gen AI to determine how best to respond to the determine how best to respond to the determine how best to respond to the user's events." user's events." user's events." And right now it says it's in preview, And right now it says it's in preview, And right now it says it's in preview, but I want to enable that because it but I want to enable that because it but I want to enable that because it gives this autonomous agent even more gives this autonomous agent even more gives this autonomous agent even more autonomy to be able to make decisions. autonomy to be able to make decisions. autonomy to be able to make decisions. This works really well when you have This works really well when you have This works really well when you have multiple actions. I'm only going to be multiple actions. I'm only going to be multiple actions. I'm only going to be using one action in this case, but if using one action in this case, but if using one action in this case, but if you had multiple actions, even multiple you had multiple actions, even multiple you had multiple actions, even multiple triggers, this definitely comes into triggers, this definitely comes into triggers, this definitely comes into play because it can decide what action play because it can decide what action play because it can decide what action to use. Basically here, in this to use. Basically here, in this to use. Basically here, in this knowledge area, you've seen me do this knowledge area, you've seen me do this knowledge area, you've seen me do this before, we're going to give it knowledge before, we're going to give it knowledge before, we're going to give it knowledge sources, right? So I'm going to click on sources, right? So I'm going to click on sources, right? So I'm going to click on add knowledge. And you'll see when you add knowledge. And you'll see when you add knowledge. And you'll see when you select that, here you have the ability select that, here you have the ability select that, here you have the ability to select public websites, SharePoint to select public websites, SharePoint to select public websites, SharePoint sites, the dataverse, and also drag and sites, the dataverse, and also drag and sites, the dataverse, and also drag and drop files in here. So, let's go to the drop files in here. So, let's go to the drop files in here. So, let's go to the SharePoint site. SharePoint site. SharePoint site. And I'm going to click on browse files. And I'm going to click on browse files. And I'm going to click on browse files. And if you guys remember from the last And if you guys remember from the last And if you guys remember from the last video, we had this human resources site. video, we had this human resources site. video, we had this human resources site. And in there we had a bunch of And in there we had a bunch of And in there we had a bunch of documents. I'm going to select all of documents. I'm going to select all of documents. I'm going to select all of these documents and confirm. So, if these documents and confirm. So, if these documents and confirm. So, if anyone asks me questions about my HR anyone asks me questions about my HR anyone asks me questions about my HR benefits, we're golden because it's benefits, we're golden because it's benefits, we're golden because it's going to refer to these documents. going to refer to these documents. going to refer to these documents. Now, the other thing is, I want to Now, the other thing is, I want to Now, the other thing is, I want to really lock down these knowledge sources really lock down these knowledge sources really lock down these knowledge sources so that, so that, so that, you know, as a person who focuses on you know, as a person who focuses on you know, as a person who focuses on Copilot, Copilot Studio, and even Teams Copilot, Copilot Studio, and even Teams Copilot, Copilot Studio, and even Teams and Teams Phone, I have certain and Teams Phone, I have certain and Teams Phone, I have certain websites, certain PowerPoints, certain websites, certain PowerPoints, certain websites, certain PowerPoints, certain places that I go for reference to get my places that I go for reference to get my places that I go for reference to get my questions answered. I don't want to go questions answered. I don't want to go questions answered. I don't want to go to the worldwide web and get data that to the worldwide web and get data that to the worldwide web and get data that might be stale, right? So this is the might be stale, right? So this is the might be stale, right? So this is the value of these agents, you can lock down value of these agents, you can lock down value of these agents, you can lock down the knowledge source, so AI is only the knowledge source, so AI is only the knowledge source, so AI is only going to them. So I think at this point going to them. So I think at this point going to them. So I think at this point we're golden from a knowledge we're golden from a knowledge we're golden from a knowledge perspective. Notice that we have the perspective. Notice that we have the perspective. Notice that we have the PowerPoint document, you can put Word PowerPoint document, you can put Word PowerPoint document, you can put Word documents, you can put different documents, you can put different documents, you can put different documents. We have the websites, we have documents. We have the websites, we have documents. We have the websites, we have a bunch of those um benefits documents. a bunch of those um benefits documents. a bunch of those um benefits documents. What I want to do for now is I I to skip What I want to do for now is I I to skip What I want to do for now is I I to skip to actions and triggers. Triggers are to actions and triggers. Triggers are to actions and triggers. Triggers are really the key to making an agent really the key to making an agent really the key to making an agent autonomous because when you set up a autonomous because when you set up a autonomous because when you set up a trigger, it's waiting for some event to trigger, it's waiting for some event to trigger, it's waiting for some event to happen and then it starts to take action happen and then it starts to take action happen and then it starts to take action without you having to wake it up and without you having to wake it up and without you having to wake it up and telling it what to do. So, what I'm telling it what to do. So, what I'm telling it what to do. So, what I'm going to do here is I'm going to select going to do here is I'm going to select going to do here is I'm going to select add trigger. So, what I'm going to do is add trigger. So, what I'm going to do is add trigger. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to search for the trigger I'm going to search for the trigger I'm going to search for the trigger for email. Adding your trigger. All for email. Adding your trigger. All for email. Adding your trigger. All right, it says time to test your right, it says time to test your right, it says time to test your trigger. Well, not quite, but we'll test trigger. Well, not quite, but we'll test trigger. Well, not quite, but we'll test it in a little bit. it in a little bit. it in a little bit. The next thing I'm going to do is focus The next thing I'm going to do is focus The next thing I'm going to do is focus on this action. Add actions to empower on this action. Add actions to empower on this action. Add actions to empower power the AI to complete specific tasks. power the AI to complete specific tasks. power the AI to complete specific tasks. Okay. So, I'm going to select add Okay. So, I'm going to select add Okay. So, I'm going to select add action. So, here I'm going to search for action. So, here I'm going to search for action. So, here I'm going to search for Outlook and send. Outlook and send. Outlook and send. And even with the search, there are 30 And even with the search, there are 30 And even with the search, there are 30 actions that show up. So, let me find actions that show up. So, let me find actions that show up. So, let me find the right one. And it's this one, send the right one. And it's this one, send the right one. And it's this one, send an email V2 Office 365 Outlook. I'm an email V2 Office 365 Outlook. I'm an email V2 Office 365 Outlook. I'm going to select that. And looks like going to select that. And looks like going to select that. And looks like everything is good again from a everything is good again from a everything is good again from a permissions perspective, green check box permissions perspective, green check box permissions perspective, green check box over here. So, I can select next. over here. So, I can select next. over here. So, I can select next. And here there are a variety of And here there are a variety of And here there are a variety of different parameters as well. Everything different parameters as well. Everything different parameters as well. Everything looks good as default as well here. looks good as default as well here. looks good as default as well here. Let's select add action. So, now we've Let's select add action. So, now we've Let's select add action. So, now we've added the action and we've also added added the action and we've also added added the action and we've also added the trigger. But now we got to go back the trigger. But now we got to go back the trigger. But now we got to go back to the instructions because we got to to the instructions because we got to to the instructions because we got to reference the action in the reference the action in the reference the action in the instructions. Now, I'm going to give it instructions. Now, I'm going to give it instructions. Now, I'm going to give it some more instructions and I'm going to some more instructions and I'm going to some more instructions and I'm going to say use the say use the say use the and I'm going to reference the action. and I'm going to reference the action. and I'm going to reference the action. So, I'm going to give it this I'm going So, I'm going to give it this I'm going So, I'm going to give it this I'm going to give it the exact name of this Office to give it the exact name of this Office to give it the exact name of this Office 365 Outlook send an email in here. Use 365 Outlook send an email in here. Use 365 Outlook send an email in here. Use the the the Office Office Office 365 Outlook 365 Outlook 365 Outlook send an email send an email send an email V2 V2 V2 action to reply action to reply action to reply to me with detailed responses to me with detailed responses to me with detailed responses based on your research. based on your research. based on your research. Format the email in HTML and respond in a professional manner. and respond in a professional manner. and respond in a professional manner. Write it as if you were Write it as if you were Write it as if you were replying to the customer. replying to the customer. replying to the customer. Again, the more detailed your Again, the more detailed your Again, the more detailed your instructions, the better. For each instructions, the better. For each instructions, the better. For each question, question, question, start a new paragraph start a new paragraph start a new paragraph and write a detailed and write a detailed and write a detailed response and include response and include response and include links to all references links to all references links to all references you used. you used. you used. References are key, right? We always References are key, right? We always References are key, right? We always want to double-check the work of AI. want to double-check the work of AI. want to double-check the work of AI. The more verbose, The more verbose, The more verbose, detailed, detailed, detailed, factual, and illustrative, factual, and illustrative, factual, and illustrative, the better. the better. the better. Include Include Include diagrams where appropriate. All right, looking good. All right, looking good. All right, looking good. Let's uh Let's uh Let's uh give it more instructions. give it more instructions. give it more instructions. If you don't find the answer to If you don't find the answer to If you don't find the answer to questions questions questions asked in the email asked in the email asked in the email in the in the in the knowledge sources, knowledge sources, knowledge sources, do not answer them. But, let me know which questions But, let me know which questions But, let me know which questions are left unanswered. are left unanswered. are left unanswered. Right? I don't want it to make up stuff, Right? I don't want it to make up stuff, Right? I don't want it to make up stuff, so don't answer them and only use the so don't answer them and only use the so don't answer them and only use the knowledge sources. At the bottom of the email, let me know At the bottom of the email, let me know At the bottom of the email, let me know what are some good questions to ask the what are some good questions to ask the what are some good questions to ask the customer in order customer in order customer in order to discover more about their interests. to discover more about their interests. to discover more about their interests. So, in addition to getting responses to So, in addition to getting responses to So, in addition to getting responses to the questions, I want to know what some the questions, I want to know what some the questions, I want to know what some good follow-up questions are so I can good follow-up questions are so I can good follow-up questions are so I can dig a little bit deeper and be more dig a little bit deeper and be more dig a little bit deeper and be more helpful. helpful. helpful. Sign off your emails with Sign off your emails with Sign off your emails with regards regards regards followed by my name. So, it should be pretty much customer So, it should be pretty much customer So, it should be pretty much customer ready if everything looks good. ready if everything looks good. ready if everything looks good. So, I think that's it from an So, I think that's it from an So, I think that's it from an instruction perspective. You can add instruction perspective. You can add instruction perspective. You can add more instructions, less instructions, more instructions, less instructions, more instructions, less instructions, but I think the key here was that we but I think the key here was that we but I think the key here was that we basically in the instructions told it basically in the instructions told it basically in the instructions told it what action to take. We called out the what action to take. We called out the what action to take. We called out the action, which is exactly the name of the action, which is exactly the name of the action, which is exactly the name of the actual action, actual action, actual action, and we told it how to behave, what, you and we told it how to behave, what, you and we told it how to behave, what, you know, to use the knowledge sources, and know, to use the knowledge sources, and know, to use the knowledge sources, and so on. So, so far, we have the name, we so on. So, so far, we have the name, we so on. So, so far, we have the name, we have the icon, the description, the have the icon, the description, the have the icon, the description, the instructions, we have the knowledge instructions, we have the knowledge instructions, we have the knowledge sources, and I do want to point out one sources, and I do want to point out one sources, and I do want to point out one thing. If you notice here, it says allow thing. If you notice here, it says allow thing. If you notice here, it says allow the AI to use its own knowledge, and the AI to use its own knowledge, and the AI to use its own knowledge, and it's checked. I don't want this. I don't it's checked. I don't want this. I don't it's checked. I don't want this. I don't want AI to use its own knowledge. I want want AI to use its own knowledge. I want want AI to use its own knowledge. I want to disable this because I want only my to disable this because I want only my to disable this because I want only my knowledge sources to be used. Now, if knowledge sources to be used. Now, if knowledge sources to be used. Now, if everything looks good here, don't forget everything looks good here, don't forget everything looks good here, don't forget to click on publish on the top to click on publish on the top to click on publish on the top right-hand side here. So, we're going to right-hand side here. So, we're going to right-hand side here. So, we're going to select publish, select publish, select publish, and we're going to publish the agent. All right. So, let's test by sending an All right. So, let's test by sending an All right. So, let's test by sending an email. We're going to put the subject uh email. We're going to put the subject uh email. We're going to put the subject uh asking a lot of questions. asking a lot of questions. asking a lot of questions. And uh let's go ahead and draft. And uh let's go ahead and draft. And uh let's go ahead and draft. Hi there. Hi there. Hi there. Great to see you the other day. Great to see you the other day. Great to see you the other day. Can you tell me more about Microsoft Can you tell me more about Microsoft Can you tell me more about Microsoft Teams phone? Teams phone? Teams phone? Um is there Um is there Um is there an auto attendant functionality? an auto attendant functionality? an auto attendant functionality? How about Microsoft Teams rooms? How about Microsoft Teams rooms? How about Microsoft Teams rooms? What's the licensing What's the licensing What's the licensing mechanism for days for this? mechanism for days for this? mechanism for days for this? And on Copilot Studio, what type of extensibility what type of extensibility what type of extensibility options options options exist? exist? exist? What's the difference What's the difference What's the difference between between between connectors and plugins? Also, Also, Also, I was curious. I was curious. I was curious. How many vacation How many vacation How many vacation days do you days do you days do you That's super That's super That's super super curious person here. And uh super curious person here. And uh super curious person here. And uh that burger we had, that burger we had, that burger we had, that was great. that was great. that was great. Do you have the recipe? Do you have the recipe? Do you have the recipe? The reason I asked that is because if it The reason I asked that is because if it The reason I asked that is because if it doesn't know doesn't know doesn't know answers to questions, it shouldn't answers to questions, it shouldn't answers to questions, it shouldn't shouldn't respond. So, I'm going to send shouldn't respond. So, I'm going to send shouldn't respond. So, I'm going to send that off and let's see what happens. And that off and let's see what happens. And that off and let's see what happens. And by the way, the email just popped in, so by the way, the email just popped in, so by the way, the email just popped in, so everything that I said just came here, everything that I said just came here, everything that I said just came here, right? right? right? And we're going to take a look at this And we're going to take a look at this And we're going to take a look at this activity tab of the agent. When I select activity tab of the agent. When I select activity tab of the agent. When I select activity, you should see it actually activity, you should see it actually activity, you should see it actually popping up here. And there it is, popping up here. And there it is, popping up here. And there it is, something is happening. It says something is happening. It says something is happening. It says automated. I'm going to select this and automated. I'm going to select this and automated. I'm going to select this and see what we can find. see what we can find. see what we can find. And look at this. And look at this. And look at this. Um tons of different Um tons of different Um tons of different content here that's been generated in content here that's been generated in content here that's been generated in terms of the knowledge sources. But terms of the knowledge sources. But terms of the knowledge sources. But look, something actually came in email look, something actually came in email look, something actually came in email helper and I'm going to double click and helper and I'm going to double click and helper and I'm going to double click and take a look. take a look. take a look. And look at this. This is These are the And look at this. This is These are the And look at this. This is These are the answers to all the questions and even answers to all the questions and even answers to all the questions and even reference links on the bottom. reference links on the bottom. reference links on the bottom. This is really impressive, right? This This is really impressive, right? This This is really impressive, right? This is going to be a huge time saver because is going to be a huge time saver because is going to be a huge time saver because every time an email comes in, it'll just every time an email comes in, it'll just every time an email comes in, it'll just answer the questions based on your answer the questions based on your answer the questions based on your knowledge sources, including NDA knowledge sources, including NDA knowledge sources, including NDA material, roadmap, whatever you want to material, roadmap, whatever you want to material, roadmap, whatever you want to give it in terms of knowledge sources. give it in terms of knowledge sources. give it in terms of knowledge sources. Your company specific SharePoint sites. Your company specific SharePoint sites. Your company specific SharePoint sites. So it says, "Hey, great to see you." So it says, "Hey, great to see you." So it says, "Hey, great to see you." It's answering my question on Teams It's answering my question on Teams It's answering my question on Teams phone, including the auto attendant phone, including the auto attendant phone, including the auto attendant portion. I asked it about Microsoft portion. I asked it about Microsoft portion. I asked it about Microsoft Teams room. It's giving a response here. Teams room. It's giving a response here. Teams room. It's giving a response here. Licensing mechanism. Uh it talked about Licensing mechanism. Uh it talked about Licensing mechanism. Uh it talked about Teams Premium. Gives you a reference so Teams Premium. Gives you a reference so Teams Premium. Gives you a reference so you can edit it if you need to. Copilot you can edit it if you need to. Copilot you can edit it if you need to. Copilot Studio extensibility. Talks about Studio Studio extensibility. Talks about Studio Studio extensibility. Talks about Studio Agent Builder, the differences between Agent Builder, the differences between Agent Builder, the differences between connectors and plugins. And then even on connectors and plugins. And then even on connectors and plugins. And then even on the vacation days, this is pretty cool, the vacation days, this is pretty cool, the vacation days, this is pretty cool, right? Like this This is back to that HR right? Like this This is back to that HR right? Like this This is back to that HR app that we built. I used those app that we built. I used those app that we built. I used those documents. It's referencing those documents. It's referencing those documents. It's referencing those documents. And then the burger recipe. documents. And then the burger recipe. documents. And then the burger recipe. Unfortunately, I don't have any Unfortunately, I don't have any Unfortunately, I don't have any information on burgers. And then some information on burgers. And then some information on burgers. And then some good questions to ask. good questions to ask. good questions to ask. What specific features of Microsoft What specific features of Microsoft What specific features of Microsoft Teams are you most interested in? Any Teams are you most interested in? Any Teams are you most interested in? Any particular challenges you're facing with particular challenges you're facing with particular challenges you're facing with your current communication tool? How do your current communication tool? How do your current communication tool? How do you envision using Copilot Studio in you envision using Copilot Studio in you envision using Copilot Studio in your organization? And what your primary your organization? And what your primary your organization? And what your primary goal goals for improving team goal goals for improving team goal goals for improving team collaboration? So And again, all the collaboration? So And again, all the collaboration? So And again, all the references. So if this looks good, I can references. So if this looks good, I can references. So if this looks good, I can basically just either edit it, send it basically just either edit it, send it basically just either edit it, send it as is. It's done all the heavy lifting as is. It's done all the heavy lifting as is. It's done all the heavy lifting for me. If you enjoyed this video, make for me. If you enjoyed this video, make for me. If you enjoyed this video, make sure you give it a thumbs up and sure you give it a thumbs up and sure you give it a thumbs up and consider subscribing. Thanks for consider subscribing. Thanks for consider subscribing. Thanks for watching and we'll catch you on the next watching and we'll catch you on the next watching and we'll catch you on the next one.
