The Book of Mormon concludes with The Book of Mormon concludes with The Book of Mormon concludes with inspiring invitations from Moroni inspiring invitations from Moroni inspiring invitations from Moroni to come unto Christ, be perfected in to come unto Christ, be perfected in to come unto Christ, be perfected in him, him, him, deny ourselves of all ungodliness, deny ourselves of all ungodliness, deny ourselves of all ungodliness, and love God with all our might, mind, and love God with all our might, mind, and love God with all our might, mind, and strength. and strength. and strength. Interestingly, the final sentence of his Interestingly, the final sentence of his Interestingly, the final sentence of his instruction anticipates both the instruction anticipates both the instruction anticipates both the resurrection and final judgment. He resurrection and final judgment. He resurrection and final judgment. He said, said, said, "I soon go to rest in the paradise of "I soon go to rest in the paradise of "I soon go to rest in the paradise of God God God until my spirit and body shall again until my spirit and body shall again until my spirit and body shall again reunite, reunite, reunite, and I am brought forth triumphant and I am brought forth triumphant and I am brought forth triumphant through the air to meet you before the through the air to meet you before the through the air to meet you before the pleasing pleasing pleasing bar of the great Jehovah, bar of the great Jehovah, bar of the great Jehovah, the eternal judge of both quick and the eternal judge of both quick and the eternal judge of both quick and dead." dead." dead." I am intrigued by Moroni's use of the I am intrigued by Moroni's use of the I am intrigued by Moroni's use of the word pleasing word pleasing word pleasing to describe the final judgment. to describe the final judgment. to describe the final judgment. Other Book of Mormon prophets likewise Other Book of Mormon prophets likewise Other Book of Mormon prophets likewise describe the judgment as a glorious day, describe the judgment as a glorious day, describe the judgment as a glorious day, and one that we should look forward to and one that we should look forward to and one that we should look forward to with an eye of faith. with an eye of faith. with an eye of faith. Yet often when we anticipate judgment Yet often when we anticipate judgment Yet often when we anticipate judgment day, day, day, other prophetic descriptions come to other prophetic descriptions come to other prophetic descriptions come to mind, mind, mind, such as shame and awful guilt, dread and such as shame and awful guilt, dread and such as shame and awful guilt, dread and fear, fear, fear, and endless misery. and endless misery. and endless misery. I believe this stark contrast in I believe this stark contrast in I believe this stark contrast in language language language indicates that the doctrine of Christ indicates that the doctrine of Christ indicates that the doctrine of Christ enabled Moroni and other prophets enabled Moroni and other prophets enabled Moroni and other prophets to anticipate that great day with eager to anticipate that great day with eager to anticipate that great day with eager and hopeful anticipation, and hopeful anticipation, and hopeful anticipation, instead of the fear they warned of for instead of the fear they warned of for instead of the fear they warned of for those not spiritually prepared. those not spiritually prepared. those not spiritually prepared. What did Moroni understand What did Moroni understand What did Moroni understand that you and I need to learn? that you and I need to learn? that you and I need to learn? I pray for the assistance of the Holy I pray for the assistance of the Holy I pray for the assistance of the Holy Ghost as we consider Heavenly Father's Ghost as we consider Heavenly Father's Ghost as we consider Heavenly Father's plan of happiness and mercy, plan of happiness and mercy, plan of happiness and mercy, the Savior's atoning role in the the Savior's atoning role in the the Savior's atoning role in the Father's plan, Father's plan, Father's plan, and how we will be accountable for our and how we will be accountable for our and how we will be accountable for our own sins in the day of judgment. own sins in the day of judgment. own sins in the day of judgment. The overarching purposes of the Father's The overarching purposes of the Father's The overarching purposes of the Father's plan are to provide his spirit children plan are to provide his spirit children plan are to provide his spirit children with opportunities to receive a physical with opportunities to receive a physical with opportunities to receive a physical body, body, body, learn good from evil through mortal learn good from evil through mortal learn good from evil through mortal experience, grow spiritually, and experience, grow spiritually, and experience, grow spiritually, and progress eternally. progress eternally. progress eternally. What the Doctrine and Covenants refers What the Doctrine and Covenants refers What the Doctrine and Covenants refers to as moral agency is central in God's to as moral agency is central in God's to as moral agency is central in God's plan to bring to pass the immortality plan to bring to pass the immortality plan to bring to pass the immortality and eternal life of his sons and and eternal life of his sons and and eternal life of his sons and daughters. daughters. daughters. This essential principle also is This essential principle also is This essential principle also is described in the scriptures as agency described in the scriptures as agency described in the scriptures as agency and the freedom to choose and to act. and the freedom to choose and to act. and the freedom to choose and to act. The term moral agency is instructive. The term moral agency is instructive. The term moral agency is instructive. Synonyms for the word moral include Synonyms for the word moral include Synonyms for the word moral include good, honest, and virtuous. good, honest, and virtuous. good, honest, and virtuous. Synonyms for the word agency include Synonyms for the word agency include Synonyms for the word agency include action, activity, and work. action, activity, and work. action, activity, and work. Hence, Hence, Hence, moral agency can be understood as the moral agency can be understood as the moral agency can be understood as the ability and privilege to choose and act ability and privilege to choose and act ability and privilege to choose and act for ourselves in ways that are good, for ourselves in ways that are good, for ourselves in ways that are good, honest, virtuous, and true. honest, virtuous, and true. honest, virtuous, and true. God's creations include both things to God's creations include both things to God's creations include both things to act and things to be acted upon, act and things to be acted upon, act and things to be acted upon, and moral agency is the divinely and moral agency is the divinely and moral agency is the divinely designed power of independent action designed power of independent action designed power of independent action that empowers us as God's children to that empowers us as God's children to that empowers us as God's children to become agents to act and not simply become agents to act and not simply become agents to act and not simply objects to be acted upon. objects to be acted upon. objects to be acted upon. The earth was created as a place whereon The earth was created as a place whereon The earth was created as a place whereon Heavenly Father's children could be Heavenly Father's children could be Heavenly Father's children could be proved to see if they would do all proved to see if they would do all proved to see if they would do all things whatsoever the Lord their God things whatsoever the Lord their God things whatsoever the Lord their God shall command them. shall command them. shall command them. A primary purpose of the creation and of A primary purpose of the creation and of A primary purpose of the creation and of our mortal existence our mortal existence our mortal existence is to provide us the opportunity to act is to provide us the opportunity to act is to provide us the opportunity to act and become what the Lord invites us to and become what the Lord invites us to and become what the Lord invites us to become. become. become. The Lord instructed Enoch, The Lord instructed Enoch, The Lord instructed Enoch, "Behold, these thy brethren, they are "Behold, these thy brethren, they are "Behold, these thy brethren, they are the workmanship of mine own hands, the workmanship of mine own hands, the workmanship of mine own hands, and I gave unto them their knowledge in and I gave unto them their knowledge in and I gave unto them their knowledge in the day I created them, the day I created them, the day I created them, and in the Garden of Eden gave I unto and in the Garden of Eden gave I unto and in the Garden of Eden gave I unto man his agency. man his agency. man his agency. And unto thy brethren have I said and And unto thy brethren have I said and And unto thy brethren have I said and also given commandment also given commandment also given commandment that they should love one another, and that they should love one another, and that they should love one another, and that they should choose me, their that they should choose me, their that they should choose me, their Father." Father." Father." The fundamental purposes for the The fundamental purposes for the The fundamental purposes for the exercise of agency are to love one exercise of agency are to love one exercise of agency are to love one another and to choose God. another and to choose God. another and to choose God. And these two purposes align precisely And these two purposes align precisely And these two purposes align precisely with the first and second great with the first and second great with the first and second great commandments to love God with all our commandments to love God with all our commandments to love God with all our heart, soul, and mind, and to love our heart, soul, and mind, and to love our heart, soul, and mind, and to love our neighbor as ourselves. neighbor as ourselves. neighbor as ourselves. Consider that we are commanded, not Consider that we are commanded, not Consider that we are commanded, not merely admonished or counseled, but merely admonished or counseled, but merely admonished or counseled, but commanded to use our agency to love one commanded to use our agency to love one commanded to use our agency to love one another and choose God. another and choose God. another and choose God. May I suggest that in the scriptures the May I suggest that in the scriptures the May I suggest that in the scriptures the modifying word moral modifying word moral modifying word moral is not merely an adjective, is not merely an adjective, is not merely an adjective, but perhaps also a divine directive but perhaps also a divine directive but perhaps also a divine directive about how our how our agency should be about how our how our agency should be about how our how our agency should be used. used. used. A familiar hymn is titled Choose the A familiar hymn is titled Choose the A familiar hymn is titled Choose the Right for a reason. Right for a reason. Right for a reason. We have not been blessed with moral We have not been blessed with moral We have not been blessed with moral agency to do whatever we want whenever agency to do whatever we want whenever agency to do whatever we want whenever we will. we will. we will. Rather, according to the Father's plan, Rather, according to the Father's plan, Rather, according to the Father's plan, we have received moral agency we have received moral agency we have received moral agency to seek after and act in accordance with to seek after and act in accordance with to seek after and act in accordance with eternal truth. eternal truth. eternal truth. As agents unto ourselves, we should As agents unto ourselves, we should As agents unto ourselves, we should engage anxiously in good causes, engage anxiously in good causes, engage anxiously in good causes, do many things of our own free will, and do many things of our own free will, and do many things of our own free will, and bring to pass much righteousness. bring to pass much righteousness. bring to pass much righteousness. The eternal importance of moral agency The eternal importance of moral agency The eternal importance of moral agency is highlighted in the scriptural account is highlighted in the scriptural account is highlighted in the scriptural account of the premortal council. of the premortal council. of the premortal council. Lucifer rebelled against the Father's Lucifer rebelled against the Father's Lucifer rebelled against the Father's plan for his children plan for his children plan for his children and sought to destroy the power of and sought to destroy the power of and sought to destroy the power of independent action. independent action. independent action. Significantly, the devil's defiance was Significantly, the devil's defiance was Significantly, the devil's defiance was focused directly on the principle of focused directly on the principle of focused directly on the principle of moral agency. moral agency. moral agency. God explained, God explained, God explained, "Wherefore, because Satan rebelled "Wherefore, because Satan rebelled "Wherefore, because Satan rebelled against me against me against me and sought to destroy the agency of man, and sought to destroy the agency of man, and sought to destroy the agency of man, I caused that he should be cast down." I caused that he should be cast down." I caused that he should be cast down." The adversary's selfish scheme was to The adversary's selfish scheme was to The adversary's selfish scheme was to strip away from God's children the strip away from God's children the strip away from God's children the capacity to become agents unto capacity to become agents unto capacity to become agents unto themselves who could act in themselves who could act in themselves who could act in righteousness. righteousness. righteousness. His intent was to consign Heavenly His intent was to consign Heavenly His intent was to consign Heavenly Father's children to be objects that Father's children to be objects that Father's children to be objects that could only be acted upon. President Dallin H. Oaks has emphasized President Dallin H. Oaks has emphasized President Dallin H. Oaks has emphasized that the gospel of Jesus Christ invites that the gospel of Jesus Christ invites that the gospel of Jesus Christ invites invites us both to know something invites us both to know something invites us both to know something and to become something and to become something and to become something through the righteous exercise of moral through the righteous exercise of moral through the righteous exercise of moral agency. agency. agency. He said, He said, He said, "Many Bible and modern scriptures speak "Many Bible and modern scriptures speak "Many Bible and modern scriptures speak of a final judgment at which all persons of a final judgment at which all persons of a final judgment at which all persons will be rewarded according to their will be rewarded according to their will be rewarded according to their deeds or works or the desires of their deeds or works or the desires of their deeds or works or the desires of their hearts. hearts. hearts. But other scriptures enlarge upon this But other scriptures enlarge upon this But other scriptures enlarge upon this by referring to our being judged by the by referring to our being judged by the by referring to our being judged by the condition we have achieved." condition we have achieved." condition we have achieved." The prophet Nephi describes the final The prophet Nephi describes the final The prophet Nephi describes the final judgment in terms of what we have judgment in terms of what we have judgment in terms of what we have become. become. become. "And if their works have been "And if their works have been "And if their works have been filthiness, filthiness, filthiness, they must needs be filthy. they must needs be filthy. they must needs be filthy. And if they be filthy, it must needs be And if they be filthy, it must needs be And if they be filthy, it must needs be that they cannot dwell in the kingdom of that they cannot dwell in the kingdom of that they cannot dwell in the kingdom of God." God." God." Moroni declares, "He that is filthy Moroni declares, "He that is filthy Moroni declares, "He that is filthy shall be filthy still. shall be filthy still. shall be filthy still. And he that is righteous shall be And he that is righteous shall be And he that is righteous shall be righteous still." righteous still." righteous still." President Oaks continued, President Oaks continued, President Oaks continued, "From such teachings we conclude that "From such teachings we conclude that "From such teachings we conclude that the final judgment is not just an the final judgment is not just an the final judgment is not just an evaluation of a sum total of good and evaluation of a sum total of good and evaluation of a sum total of good and evil acts, what we have done. evil acts, what we have done. evil acts, what we have done. It is an acknowledgement of the final It is an acknowledgement of the final It is an acknowledgement of the final effect of our acts and thoughts, effect of our acts and thoughts, effect of our acts and thoughts, what we have become." Our works and desires alone do not and Our works and desires alone do not and Our works and desires alone do not and cannot save us. cannot save us. cannot save us. After all we can do, After all we can do, After all we can do, we are reconciled with God only through we are reconciled with God only through we are reconciled with God only through the mercy and grace the mercy and grace the mercy and grace available through the Savior's infinite available through the Savior's infinite available through the Savior's infinite and eternal atoning sacrifice. and eternal atoning sacrifice. and eternal atoning sacrifice. Alma declared, Alma declared, Alma declared, "Begin to believe in the Son of God, "Begin to believe in the Son of God, "Begin to believe in the Son of God, that he will come to redeem his people, that he will come to redeem his people, that he will come to redeem his people, and that he shall suffer and die to and that he shall suffer and die to and that he shall suffer and die to atone for their sins, and that he shall atone for their sins, and that he shall atone for their sins, and that he shall rise again from the dead, rise again from the dead, rise again from the dead, which shall bring to pass the which shall bring to pass the which shall bring to pass the resurrection, resurrection, resurrection, that all men shall stand before him to that all men shall stand before him to that all men shall stand before him to be judged at the last in judgment day be judged at the last in judgment day be judged at the last in judgment day according to their works." according to their works." according to their works." We believe that through the atonement of We believe that through the atonement of We believe that through the atonement of Christ Christ Christ all mankind may be saved all mankind may be saved all mankind may be saved by obedience to the laws and ordinances by obedience to the laws and ordinances by obedience to the laws and ordinances of the gospel. of the gospel. of the gospel. How grateful we should be How grateful we should be How grateful we should be that our sins and wicked deeds will not that our sins and wicked deeds will not that our sins and wicked deeds will not stand as testimony against us stand as testimony against us stand as testimony against us if we are truly born again, if we are truly born again, if we are truly born again, exercise faith in the Redeemer, exercise faith in the Redeemer, exercise faith in the Redeemer, repent with sincerity of heart and real repent with sincerity of heart and real repent with sincerity of heart and real intent, and endure to the end. Many of us may expect that our Many of us may expect that our Many of us may expect that our appearance before the bar of the eternal appearance before the bar of the eternal appearance before the bar of the eternal judge judge judge will be similar to a proceeding in a will be similar to a proceeding in a will be similar to a proceeding in a worldly court of law. worldly court of law. worldly court of law. A judge will preside, evidence will be A judge will preside, evidence will be A judge will preside, evidence will be presented, a verdict will be rendered, presented, a verdict will be rendered, presented, a verdict will be rendered, and we likely will be uncertain and and we likely will be uncertain and and we likely will be uncertain and fearful until we learn the eventual fearful until we learn the eventual fearful until we learn the eventual outcome. outcome. outcome. But I believe such a characterization But I believe such a characterization But I believe such a characterization is inaccurate. is inaccurate. is inaccurate. Different from, but related to the moral Different from, but related to the moral Different from, but related to the moral fears we often experience, fears we often experience, fears we often experience, is what the scriptures describe as godly is what the scriptures describe as godly is what the scriptures describe as godly fear or the fear of the Lord. fear or the fear of the Lord. fear or the fear of the Lord. Unlike worldly fear that causes alarm Unlike worldly fear that causes alarm Unlike worldly fear that causes alarm and anxiety, and anxiety, and anxiety, godly fear invites into our lives peace, godly fear invites into our lives peace, godly fear invites into our lives peace, assurance, and confidence. assurance, and confidence. assurance, and confidence. Righteous fear encompasses a deep Righteous fear encompasses a deep Righteous fear encompasses a deep feeling of reverence and awe for the feeling of reverence and awe for the feeling of reverence and awe for the Lord Jesus Christ, Lord Jesus Christ, Lord Jesus Christ, obedience to his commandments, obedience to his commandments, obedience to his commandments, anticipation of the final judgment, and anticipation of the final judgment, and anticipation of the final judgment, and justice at his hand. justice at his hand. justice at his hand. Godly fear grows out of a correct Godly fear grows out of a correct Godly fear grows out of a correct understanding of the divine nature and understanding of the divine nature and understanding of the divine nature and mission of the Redeemer, mission of the Redeemer, mission of the Redeemer, a willingness to submit our will to his a willingness to submit our will to his a willingness to submit our will to his will, will, will, and a knowledge that every man and woman and a knowledge that every man and woman and a knowledge that every man and woman will be accountable for his or her own will be accountable for his or her own will be accountable for his or her own mortal desires, thoughts, words, and mortal desires, thoughts, words, and mortal desires, thoughts, words, and acts in the day of judgment. acts in the day of judgment. acts in the day of judgment. The fear of the Lord is not a reluctant The fear of the Lord is not a reluctant The fear of the Lord is not a reluctant apprehension apprehension apprehension about coming into his presence to be about coming into his presence to be about coming into his presence to be judged. judged. judged. Rather, it is the prospect of ultimately Rather, it is the prospect of ultimately Rather, it is the prospect of ultimately acknowledging about ourselves things as acknowledging about ourselves things as acknowledging about ourselves things as they really are they really are they really are and as they really will be. and as they really will be. and as they really will be. Every person who has lived, who does now Every person who has lived, who does now Every person who has lived, who does now live, and who will yet live upon the live, and who will yet live upon the live, and who will yet live upon the earth earth earth shall be brought to stand before the bar shall be brought to stand before the bar shall be brought to stand before the bar of God to be judged of him according to of God to be judged of him according to of God to be judged of him according to his or her works, his or her works, his or her works, whether they be good or whether they be whether they be good or whether they be whether they be good or whether they be evil. evil. evil. If our desires have been for If our desires have been for If our desires have been for righteousness and our works good, righteousness and our works good, righteousness and our works good, meaning we have exercised faith in Jesus meaning we have exercised faith in Jesus meaning we have exercised faith in Jesus Christ, Christ, Christ, made and kept covenants with God, and made and kept covenants with God, and made and kept covenants with God, and repented of our sins, repented of our sins, repented of our sins, then the judgment bar will be pleasing. then the judgment bar will be pleasing. then the judgment bar will be pleasing. As Enos declared, we will stand before As Enos declared, we will stand before As Enos declared, we will stand before the Redeemer. the Redeemer. the Redeemer. Then shall we see his face with Then shall we see his face with Then shall we see his face with pleasure. pleasure. pleasure. And at the last day we will be rewarded And at the last day we will be rewarded And at the last day we will be rewarded unto righteousness. unto righteousness. unto righteousness. Conversely, if our desires have been for Conversely, if our desires have been for Conversely, if our desires have been for evil evil evil and our works wicked, then the judgment and our works wicked, then the judgment and our works wicked, then the judgment bar will be a cause of dread. bar will be a cause of dread. bar will be a cause of dread. We will have a perfect knowledge, We will have a perfect knowledge, We will have a perfect knowledge, a bright recollection, and a lively a bright recollection, and a lively a bright recollection, and a lively sense of our own guilt. sense of our own guilt. sense of our own guilt. We shall not dare to look up to our God We shall not dare to look up to our God We shall not dare to look up to our God God, God, God, and we would fain be glad if we could and we would fain be glad if we could and we would fain be glad if we could command the rocks and the mountains to command the rocks and the mountains to command the rocks and the mountains to fall upon us to hide us from his fall upon us to hide us from his fall upon us to hide us from his presence. presence. presence. And at the last day, And at the last day, And at the last day, we will have our reward of evil. we will have our reward of evil. we will have our reward of evil. Ultimately then, we are Ultimately then, we are Ultimately then, we are our own judges. our own judges. our own judges. No one will need to tell us where to go. No one will need to tell us where to go. No one will need to tell us where to go. In the Lord's presence, we will In the Lord's presence, we will In the Lord's presence, we will acknowledge what we have chosen to acknowledge what we have chosen to acknowledge what we have chosen to become in mortality become in mortality become in mortality and know for ourselves where we should and know for ourselves where we should and know for ourselves where we should be in eternity. be in eternity. be in eternity. Understanding that the final judgment Understanding that the final judgment Understanding that the final judgment can be pleasing is not a blessing can be pleasing is not a blessing can be pleasing is not a blessing reserved only for Moroni. reserved only for Moroni. reserved only for Moroni. Alma described promised blessings Alma described promised blessings Alma described promised blessings available to every devoted disciple of available to every devoted disciple of available to every devoted disciple of the Savior. He said, the Savior. He said, the Savior. He said, "The meaning of the word restoration "The meaning of the word restoration "The meaning of the word restoration is to bring back again evil for evil or is to bring back again evil for evil or is to bring back again evil for evil or carnal for carnal or devilish for carnal for carnal or devilish for carnal for carnal or devilish for devilish, devilish, devilish, good for that which is good, righteous good for that which is good, righteous good for that which is good, righteous for that which is righteous, just for for that which is righteous, just for for that which is righteous, just for that which is just, merciful for that that which is just, merciful for that that which is just, merciful for that which is merciful. which is merciful. which is merciful. Deal justly, judge righteously, and do Deal justly, judge righteously, and do Deal justly, judge righteously, and do good continually. And if ye do all these good continually. And if ye do all these good continually. And if ye do all these things, then shall you receive your things, then shall you receive your things, then shall you receive your reward. reward. reward. Yea, ye shall have mercy restored unto Yea, ye shall have mercy restored unto Yea, ye shall have mercy restored unto you again. you again. you again. Ye shall have justice restored unto you Ye shall have justice restored unto you Ye shall have justice restored unto you again. again. again. Ye shall have a righteous judgment Ye shall have a righteous judgment Ye shall have a righteous judgment restored unto you again. restored unto you again. restored unto you again. And ye shall have good rewarded unto you And ye shall have good rewarded unto you And ye shall have good rewarded unto you again." again." again." I joyfully witness I joyfully witness I joyfully witness that Jesus Christ is our living Savior. that Jesus Christ is our living Savior. that Jesus Christ is our living Savior. Alma's promise is true and applicable to Alma's promise is true and applicable to Alma's promise is true and applicable to you and me today, tomorrow, and for all you and me today, tomorrow, and for all you and me today, tomorrow, and for all eternity. eternity. eternity. I so testify in the sacred name of the I so testify in the sacred name of the I so testify in the sacred name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen.
