[Music] agent data governance. I know this topic agent data governance. I know this topic agent data governance. I know this topic might be a bit boring compared to the might be a bit boring compared to the might be a bit boring compared to the last two days but please trust me last two days but please trust me last two days but please trust me without this you cannot get into without this you cannot get into without this you cannot get into production. This is where everything production. This is where everything production. This is where everything would stop. I mean all the white coding would stop. I mean all the white coding would stop. I mean all the white coding and prototyping frenzy that we are all and prototyping frenzy that we are all and prototyping frenzy that we are all are looking at are looking at are looking at the where really rubber meets the road the where really rubber meets the road the where really rubber meets the road is the this lost part of it. So it is is the this lost part of it. So it is is the this lost part of it. So it is for your understanding and and we are for your understanding and and we are for your understanding and and we are again we are actually practicing it uh again we are actually practicing it uh again we are actually practicing it uh with our clients. So we are trying to with our clients. So we are trying to with our clients. So we are trying to bring it to all of you. Um so so this is bring it to all of you. Um so so this is bring it to all of you. Um so so this is the last topic and then after this we're the last topic and then after this we're the last topic and then after this we're looking at test cases and we're moving looking at test cases and we're moving looking at test cases and we're moving on. So on agent data governance and on. So on agent data governance and on. So on agent data governance and agent uh we started developing a system agent uh we started developing a system agent uh we started developing a system called agent entitlement policy. So this called agent entitlement policy. So this called agent entitlement policy. So this is where agents are becoming context is where agents are becoming context is where agents are becoming context aware. Again I would want to explain aware. Again I would want to explain aware. Again I would want to explain this with a this with a this with a an actual architecture diagram. So look an actual architecture diagram. So look an actual architecture diagram. So look at this right agent entitlement policy. at this right agent entitlement policy. at this right agent entitlement policy. What does it mean in this scenario? We What does it mean in this scenario? We What does it mean in this scenario? We have a a finance projection agent that have a a finance projection agent that have a a finance projection agent that has access to your finance data and it has access to your finance data and it has access to your finance data and it is used by the internal users like the is used by the internal users like the is used by the internal users like the finance team, the CEO, the auditors etc. finance team, the CEO, the auditors etc. finance team, the CEO, the auditors etc. You also have another agent in the same You also have another agent in the same You also have another agent in the same ecosystem within the organization ecosystem within the organization ecosystem within the organization which is a website chat agent which has which is a website chat agent which has which is a website chat agent which has access to your website content and then access to your website content and then access to your website content and then your customers or website visitors are your customers or website visitors are your customers or website visitors are able to chat with the website chat agent able to chat with the website chat agent able to chat with the website chat agent asking hey tell me about your service or asking hey tell me about your service or asking hey tell me about your service or your product and what do you do now your product and what do you do now your product and what do you do now imagine this scenario where by accident imagine this scenario where by accident imagine this scenario where by accident the agents are now connected where the the agents are now connected where the the agents are now connected where the website chat agent is connected to website chat agent is connected to website chat agent is connected to finance projection agent And for finance projection agent And for finance projection agent And for whatever reason this happened now it whatever reason this happened now it whatever reason this happened now it exposes your finance data to your end exposes your finance data to your end exposes your finance data to your end customer or a user who may through this customer or a user who may through this customer or a user who may through this channel may be able to access your cash channel may be able to access your cash channel may be able to access your cash flow uh scenario your balance sheet and flow uh scenario your balance sheet and flow uh scenario your balance sheet and which is and which is the nightmare which is and which is the nightmare which is and which is the nightmare scenario that every CFO every CEO wants scenario that every CFO every CEO wants scenario that every CFO every CEO wants to avoid. So which is where the agent to avoid. So which is where the agent to avoid. So which is where the agent entitlement policy comes into picture. entitlement policy comes into picture. entitlement policy comes into picture. So the agent entitlement policy is one So the agent entitlement policy is one So the agent entitlement policy is one central policy that could be applied central policy that could be applied central policy that could be applied across the organization or at a group across the organization or at a group across the organization or at a group level or even at an individual agent level or even at an individual agent level or even at an individual agent level where this is the finance level where this is the finance level where this is the finance projection agent whenever it gets a projection agent whenever it gets a projection agent whenever it gets a request is able to look up and see request is able to look up and see request is able to look up and see whether it can share its data. If the whether it can share its data. If the whether it can share its data. If the policy says no, the agent will not share policy says no, the agent will not share policy says no, the agent will not share its data even though the other agent is its data even though the other agent is its data even though the other agent is part of the same organization is part of part of the same organization is part of part of the same organization is part of the same trust circle. So this is how the same trust circle. So this is how the same trust circle. So this is how agent entitlement policy work works. A agent entitlement policy work works. A agent entitlement policy work works. A simple way to think about it is how our simple way to think about it is how our simple way to think about it is how our parents told us what what they told us parents told us what what they told us parents told us what what they told us when we were kids, right? Don't speak to when we were kids, right? Don't speak to when we were kids, right? Don't speak to strangers even if it's that your uncle. strangers even if it's that your uncle. strangers even if it's that your uncle. So that is a whole thought process here. So that is a whole thought process here. So that is a whole thought process here. The agent entitlement policy ensures The agent entitlement policy ensures The agent entitlement policy ensures that it becomes a central guiding that it becomes a central guiding that it becomes a central guiding principle for all the agents in an principle for all the agents in an principle for all the agents in an organization work. Now let us actually organization work. Now let us actually organization work. Now let us actually see how it works in in real. Um so it is see how it works in in real. Um so it is see how it works in in real. Um so it is in our dev currently. We are still in our dev currently. We are still in our dev currently. We are still testing it. We'll push it to production testing it. We'll push it to production testing it. We'll push it to production shortly. So here is an agent entitlement shortly. So here is an agent entitlement shortly. So here is an agent entitlement policy that I created for finance agents policy that I created for finance agents policy that I created for finance agents where the policy has a high data where the policy has a high data where the policy has a high data sensitivity and um it is applied to the sensitivity and um it is applied to the sensitivity and um it is applied to the finance department and you can also see finance department and you can also see finance department and you can also see the connections. It is allowed only to the connections. It is allowed only to the connections. It is allowed only to interact with other high data interact with other high data interact with other high data sensitivity agents. And let us now test sensitivity agents. And let us now test sensitivity agents. And let us now test it in the policy playground. I'm it in the policy playground. I'm it in the policy playground. I'm choosing the policy which is a for agent choosing the policy which is a for agent choosing the policy which is a for agent entitlement policy for finance agents. entitlement policy for finance agents. entitlement policy for finance agents. And I'm selecting an agent like say And I'm selecting an agent like say And I'm selecting an agent like say a calling agent which is like a sales a calling agent which is like a sales a calling agent which is like a sales team's agent and I'm also choosing an team's agent and I'm also choosing an team's agent and I'm also choosing an actor. The cold calling agent is a low actor. The cold calling agent is a low actor. The cold calling agent is a low data sensitivity agent anyway. And I'm data sensitivity agent anyway. And I'm data sensitivity agent anyway. And I'm going to ask okay can you share going to ask okay can you share going to ask okay can you share the bank balance we have I am planning to I am planning to I am planning to to take a call if I should to take a call if I should to take a call if I should continue here continue here continue here or or or jump jobs. So imagine someone in the sales team So imagine someone in the sales team So imagine someone in the sales team asking this but the agent irrespective asking this but the agent irrespective asking this but the agent irrespective of whatever prompt injection they're of whatever prompt injection they're of whatever prompt injection they're trying to do or whatever what to say uh trying to do or whatever what to say uh trying to do or whatever what to say uh justification they're trying to provide justification they're trying to provide justification they're trying to provide it simply says no I don't care I'm it simply says no I don't care I'm it simply says no I don't care I'm unauthorized to share I mean you're not unauthorized to share I mean you're not unauthorized to share I mean you're not authorized uh so this whole policy authorized uh so this whole policy authorized uh so this whole policy prevents the data the agent from sharing prevents the data the agent from sharing prevents the data the agent from sharing the data so this is like now the the data so this is like now the the data so this is like now the superarching agent data governance superarching agent data governance superarching agent data governance that is coming into picture and we that is coming into picture and we that is coming into picture and we started with this policy and we are started with this policy and we are started with this policy and we are getting a lot of requests from customers getting a lot of requests from customers getting a lot of requests from customers that hey extend this policy to custom that hey extend this policy to custom that hey extend this policy to custom policies also. So why should it be just policies also. So why should it be just policies also. So why should it be just the policies that you set? So we are the policies that you set? So we are the policies that you set? So we are also uh we understood that and we are also uh we understood that and we are also uh we understood that and we are also now bringing in options where you also now bringing in options where you also now bringing in options where you can add custom policies as well. But uh can add custom policies as well. But uh can add custom policies as well. But uh just to give you an idea how the world just to give you an idea how the world just to give you an idea how the world that we are headed towards on one side that we are headed towards on one side that we are headed towards on one side with all this fantastic with all this fantastic with all this fantastic say capabilities of LLMs and agents uh say capabilities of LLMs and agents uh say capabilities of LLMs and agents uh and wipe coding happening we are also and wipe coding happening we are also and wipe coding happening we are also looking other scenarios of how to polish looking other scenarios of how to polish looking other scenarios of how to polish the whole thing. So agent data uh the whole thing. So agent data uh the whole thing. So agent data uh governance uh with the entitlement governance uh with the entitlement governance uh with the entitlement policy becomes another layer where you policy becomes another layer where you policy becomes another layer where you can control the way agents interact with can control the way agents interact with can control the way agents interact with one another.
