Hey guys and welcome back to a new Hey guys and welcome back to a new Hey guys and welcome back to a new video. In this video, I will share my video. In this video, I will share my video. In this video, I will share my best tips on how you can get the most best tips on how you can get the most best tips on how you can get the most out of AI for mobile development. In out of AI for mobile development. In out of AI for mobile development. In case you don't know me, I'm Philip and case you don't know me, I'm Philip and case you don't know me, I'm Philip and since 2019, I'm doing nothing else than since 2019, I'm doing nothing else than since 2019, I'm doing nothing else than developing software with Cotlin. So, if developing software with Cotlin. So, if developing software with Cotlin. So, if you want to learn more about developing you want to learn more about developing you want to learn more about developing for the full software stack with Cotlin for the full software stack with Cotlin for the full software stack with Cotlin with more than 1,000 videos, then with more than 1,000 videos, then with more than 1,000 videos, then definitely subscribe to this channel to definitely subscribe to this channel to definitely subscribe to this channel to not miss any upcoming videos. AI for not miss any upcoming videos. AI for not miss any upcoming videos. AI for mobile development. For a very long mobile development. For a very long mobile development. For a very long time, I've actually worked with time, I've actually worked with time, I've actually worked with web-based AI tools. So most prominently web-based AI tools. So most prominently web-based AI tools. So most prominently of course JGPT but also for quite some of course JGPT but also for quite some of course JGPT but also for quite some time with claude especially for coding time with claude especially for coding time with claude especially for coding related questions claude is very good related questions claude is very good related questions claude is very good and that was already a very big gamecher and that was already a very big gamecher and that was already a very big gamecher but the problem of these purely but the problem of these purely but the problem of these purely web-based tools like chatgpt claude all web-based tools like chatgpt claude all web-based tools like chatgpt claude all these websites where you just put in these websites where you just put in these websites where you just put in your prompt has always been the context your prompt has always been the context your prompt has always been the context so what these tools know about your so what these tools know about your so what these tools know about your project because by default they don't project because by default they don't project because by default they don't know anything about your project. If you know anything about your project. If you know anything about your project. If you have a question, if you want them to fix have a question, if you want them to fix have a question, if you want them to fix something for you, then you have to something for you, then you have to something for you, then you have to phrase a prompt, give them all your phrase a prompt, give them all your phrase a prompt, give them all your context, paste all your files that may context, paste all your files that may context, paste all your files that may be relevant for that prompt and then be relevant for that prompt and then be relevant for that prompt and then read and interpret their answer in order read and interpret their answer in order read and interpret their answer in order to maybe paste some parts back into your to maybe paste some parts back into your to maybe paste some parts back into your project. And sometimes you just have to project. And sometimes you just have to project. And sometimes you just have to provide so much context for them that it provide so much context for them that it provide so much context for them that it exceeds the so-called context window. exceeds the so-called context window. exceeds the so-called context window. So, how much characters in the end you So, how much characters in the end you So, how much characters in the end you can really fit into one prompt, how much can really fit into one prompt, how much can really fit into one prompt, how much characters an AI can process per prompt. characters an AI can process per prompt. characters an AI can process per prompt. And this is how we come to this video And this is how we come to this video And this is how we come to this video sponsor who is none other than Jet sponsor who is none other than Jet sponsor who is none other than Jet Brains. Because in the recent months, Brains. Because in the recent months, Brains. Because in the recent months, I've personally heavily worked with I've personally heavily worked with I've personally heavily worked with their AI agent called Juni, which is their AI agent called Juni, which is their AI agent called Juni, which is directly built here into our IDE into directly built here into our IDE into directly built here into our IDE into Android Studio, but of course also Android Studio, but of course also Android Studio, but of course also worked with their other IDEs like worked with their other IDEs like worked with their other IDEs like IntelliJ. And starting to use that AI IntelliJ. And starting to use that AI IntelliJ. And starting to use that AI agent really helped me to become more agent really helped me to become more agent really helped me to become more productive compared to just using these productive compared to just using these productive compared to just using these web-based AI tools. And I've really used web-based AI tools. And I've really used web-based AI tools. And I've really used other AI agents as well like claw code other AI agents as well like claw code other AI agents as well like claw code for example which is also technically for example which is also technically for example which is also technically being built in your IDE but it for being built in your IDE but it for being built in your IDE but it for example only works via a terminal. And example only works via a terminal. And example only works via a terminal. And while using a terminal is not a big while using a terminal is not a big while using a terminal is not a big problem for a developer it still felt problem for a developer it still felt problem for a developer it still felt like to me that it made it harder to like to me that it made it harder to like to me that it made it harder to write some prompts because it's a in a write some prompts because it's a in a write some prompts because it's a in a terminal it's not that nice to write terminal it's not that nice to write terminal it's not that nice to write some some longer prompts and also not some some longer prompts and also not some some longer prompts and also not that nice to process longer answers from that nice to process longer answers from that nice to process longer answers from an AI. And while with Juny the pure an AI. And while with Juny the pure an AI. And while with Juny the pure output quality is comparable with a tool output quality is comparable with a tool output quality is comparable with a tool like cloud code, I definitely found it like cloud code, I definitely found it like cloud code, I definitely found it much much nicer to work with because much much nicer to work with because much much nicer to work with because it's directly built into the idees that it's directly built into the idees that it's directly built into the idees that also come from the same company as this also come from the same company as this also come from the same company as this AI tool. And in my opinion, it just has AI tool. And in my opinion, it just has AI tool. And in my opinion, it just has a nicer overall interface for us to work a nicer overall interface for us to work a nicer overall interface for us to work with. But one step at a time, what with. But one step at a time, what with. But one step at a time, what actually is an AI agent? An AI agent in actually is an AI agent? An AI agent in actually is an AI agent? An AI agent in the end takes this typical web interface the end takes this typical web interface the end takes this typical web interface where you simply ask something to the AI where you simply ask something to the AI where you simply ask something to the AI and then get some kind of answer you and then get some kind of answer you and then get some kind of answer you have to interpret, you have to then use have to interpret, you have to then use have to interpret, you have to then use for yourself. It takes that to the next for yourself. It takes that to the next for yourself. It takes that to the next level by actually being able to do level by actually being able to do level by actually being able to do something for you. So on the one hand, something for you. So on the one hand, something for you. So on the one hand, you can of course also just ask certain you can of course also just ask certain you can of course also just ask certain questions to such an AI agent, but you questions to such an AI agent, but you questions to such an AI agent, but you can also delegate real tasks to it. So can also delegate real tasks to it. So can also delegate real tasks to it. So it can really take over parts of your it can really take over parts of your it can really take over parts of your development. And the big game changer development. And the big game changer development. And the big game changer here is that Juny really finds the here is that Juny really finds the here is that Juny really finds the context it needs on its own. So while context it needs on its own. So while context it needs on its own. So while just feeding your entire code base into just feeding your entire code base into just feeding your entire code base into one single prompt, no AI would support one single prompt, no AI would support one single prompt, no AI would support that at this point because it would just that at this point because it would just that at this point because it would just be too much code for a medium to large be too much code for a medium to large be too much code for a medium to large scale project. The approach that Juny scale project. The approach that Juny scale project. The approach that Juny has is it processes your prompt and has is it processes your prompt and has is it processes your prompt and translates that into clear terminal translates that into clear terminal translates that into clear terminal instructions that help Juny to find just instructions that help Juny to find just instructions that help Juny to find just the context, just the files that it the context, just the files that it the context, just the files that it needs in order to process your prompt needs in order to process your prompt needs in order to process your prompt and give you a good answer. And what I and give you a good answer. And what I and give you a good answer. And what I also like about Juni specifically also like about Juni specifically also like about Juni specifically compared to other AI agents that I've compared to other AI agents that I've compared to other AI agents that I've tried is Jet Brain's overall philosophy tried is Jet Brain's overall philosophy tried is Jet Brain's overall philosophy behind it. You really feel like that is behind it. You really feel like that is behind it. You really feel like that is not just another tool that targets not just another tool that targets not just another tool that targets people who want to vibe code the next people who want to vibe code the next people who want to vibe code the next Facebook without knowing anything about Facebook without knowing anything about Facebook without knowing anything about coding, but it is a tool that is made coding, but it is a tool that is made coding, but it is a tool that is made for professionals who just want to for professionals who just want to for professionals who just want to become more productive when doing their become more productive when doing their become more productive when doing their work. And that's exactly what I want to work. And that's exactly what I want to work. And that's exactly what I want to do. So let's now talk about how you do. So let's now talk about how you do. So let's now talk about how you really get the most out of such an AI really get the most out of such an AI really get the most out of such an AI agent or AI in general as a mobile agent or AI in general as a mobile agent or AI in general as a mobile developer because I see there are two developer because I see there are two developer because I see there are two main use cases. On the one hand, use main use cases. On the one hand, use main use cases. On the one hand, use case learning. you want to learn certain case learning. you want to learn certain case learning. you want to learn certain new concepts with the help of AI. And new concepts with the help of AI. And new concepts with the help of AI. And use case two is coding. So you really use case two is coding. So you really use case two is coding. So you really want to use AI to become more productive want to use AI to become more productive want to use AI to become more productive and build certain things faster because and build certain things faster because and build certain things faster because there are really a few very nice tricks there are really a few very nice tricks there are really a few very nice tricks that I can share here how you get the that I can share here how you get the that I can share here how you get the most out of such AI prompts. Starting most out of such AI prompts. Starting most out of such AI prompts. Starting with use case one about learning. I'm with use case one about learning. I'm with use case one about learning. I'm here actually in my uh CMP bookedia here actually in my uh CMP bookedia here actually in my uh CMP bookedia project which is the compose project which is the compose project which is the compose multiplatform crash course app that I multiplatform crash course app that I multiplatform crash course app that I have built here on YouTube. It's a 5 and have built here on YouTube. It's a 5 and have built here on YouTube. It's a 5 and a half hour video. big recommendation a half hour video. big recommendation a half hour video. big recommendation here if you want to learn compos here if you want to learn compos here if you want to learn compos multiplatform but I really just want to multiplatform but I really just want to multiplatform but I really just want to use this project as an example to use this project as an example to use this project as an example to showcase how I would now use an AI to showcase how I would now use an AI to showcase how I would now use an AI to really learn something so you can see really learn something so you can see really learn something so you can see this is our project structure here we this is our project structure here we this is our project structure here we have one compose app module with our have one compose app module with our have one compose app module with our typical cart multiplatform structure we typical cart multiplatform structure we typical cart multiplatform structure we have an Android target desktop and iOS have an Android target desktop and iOS have an Android target desktop and iOS and of course the shared code and in and of course the shared code and in and of course the shared code and in here we have just a bunch of different here we have just a bunch of different here we have just a bunch of different classes we have a a book feature we have classes we have a a book feature we have classes we have a a book feature we have a core layer that includes shared code a core layer that includes shared code a core layer that includes shared code that could possibly be shared between that could possibly be shared between that could possibly be shared between features data domain presentation features data domain presentation features data domain presentation architecture and in the you can you can architecture and in the you can you can architecture and in the you can you can guess it is in the end a book app that guess it is in the end a book app that guess it is in the end a book app that talks to a book API loads book data and talks to a book API loads book data and talks to a book API loads book data and then has a list and a detailed screen then has a list and a detailed screen then has a list and a detailed screen and let's say you're now working on such and let's say you're now working on such and let's say you're now working on such a project here be it a compos a project here be it a compos a project here be it a compos multiplatform one be an Android one any multiplatform one be an Android one any multiplatform one be an Android one any any sort of coding project then what I any sort of coding project then what I any sort of coding project then what I would really always do is to ask every would really always do is to ask every would really always do is to ask every little bit about your code that you are little bit about your code that you are little bit about your code that you are unsure about I really still have the unsure about I really still have the unsure about I really still have the feeling that people are still afraid to feeling that people are still afraid to feeling that people are still afraid to ask certain things even if they are ask certain things even if they are ask certain things even if they are talking to to an AI. So for example, if talking to to an AI. So for example, if talking to to an AI. So for example, if you are currently getting into you are currently getting into you are currently getting into multiodule architecture in mobile multiodule architecture in mobile multiodule architecture in mobile development. So whether it may make development. So whether it may make development. So whether it may make sense to actually apply a multiodule sense to actually apply a multiodule sense to actually apply a multiodule architecture here in this project which architecture here in this project which architecture here in this project which currently uses just a single module. currently uses just a single module. currently uses just a single module. Then if this would be a question that I Then if this would be a question that I Then if this would be a question that I had, I would go over here to Juny, which had, I would go over here to Juny, which had, I would go over here to Juny, which is really just an extra tap in your IDE. is really just an extra tap in your IDE. is really just an extra tap in your IDE. And you can install Juny by the way by And you can install Juny by the way by And you can install Juny by the way by just opening your settings, going to just opening your settings, going to just opening your settings, going to plugins, marketplace, and then searching plugins, marketplace, and then searching plugins, marketplace, and then searching for Juny and then ah Juny. And then you for Juny and then ah Juny. And then you for Juny and then ah Juny. And then you will find here JetBrints Juny. Install will find here JetBrints Juny. Install will find here JetBrints Juny. Install this probably relaunch your IDE. And this probably relaunch your IDE. And this probably relaunch your IDE. And then you will see this here as an extra then you will see this here as an extra then you will see this here as an extra tab in your IDE. And you can see this is tab in your IDE. And you can see this is tab in your IDE. And you can see this is a much nicer interface to work with than a much nicer interface to work with than a much nicer interface to work with than in a terminal. But here we in the end in a terminal. But here we in the end in a terminal. But here we in the end have our text tab where we can just put have our text tab where we can just put have our text tab where we can just put in any type of prompt we want to ask the in any type of prompt we want to ask the in any type of prompt we want to ask the AI. You can also actually uh choose the AI. You can also actually uh choose the AI. You can also actually uh choose the model that you want to use for this AI. model that you want to use for this AI. model that you want to use for this AI. Uh GPT5 just came out. So if you want to Uh GPT5 just came out. So if you want to Uh GPT5 just came out. So if you want to use that, Juny already supports it. use that, Juny already supports it. use that, Juny already supports it. That's something you can also change in That's something you can also change in That's something you can also change in the settings by searching for Juny here the settings by searching for Juny here the settings by searching for Juny here under models. You can see I've set this under models. You can see I've set this under models. You can see I've set this to GPT5, but you can also use clot to GPT5, but you can also use clot to GPT5, but you can also use clot models. But in the end here in this models. But in the end here in this models. But in the end here in this tool, we also see our two use cases, tool, we also see our two use cases, tool, we also see our two use cases, either coding or asking. In this case, either coding or asking. In this case, either coding or asking. In this case, let's start with asking because we want let's start with asking because we want let's start with asking because we want to learn something. We want to learn to learn something. We want to learn to learn something. We want to learn whether for example, a multiodule whether for example, a multiodule whether for example, a multiodule architecture makes sense in this architecture makes sense in this architecture makes sense in this project. So this would be a question you project. So this would be a question you project. So this would be a question you had. You would type this in here. For had. You would type this in here. For had. You would type this in here. For example, would it make sense to migrate example, would it make sense to migrate example, would it make sense to migrate this project to use a multiodule this project to use a multiodule this project to use a multiodule architecture? Multiodule architecture. architecture? Multiodule architecture. architecture? Multiodule architecture. You just send it and you get almost You just send it and you get almost You just send it and you get almost instantly a specific response. You can instantly a specific response. You can instantly a specific response. You can see it's sending the request to the AI. see it's sending the request to the AI. see it's sending the request to the AI. But the big advantage here of these But the big advantage here of these But the big advantage here of these integrated AI agents is you can see it integrated AI agents is you can see it integrated AI agents is you can see it searches in your project. It has the searches in your project. It has the searches in your project. It has the full context of your project at least in full context of your project at least in full context of your project at least in theory. So it will uh just search what theory. So it will uh just search what theory. So it will uh just search what it thinks it needs for this prompt. It it thinks it needs for this prompt. It it thinks it needs for this prompt. It will then use these files, reference will then use these files, reference will then use these files, reference these directly for the prompt and then these directly for the prompt and then these directly for the prompt and then it will analyze your project structure it will analyze your project structure it will analyze your project structure to find out whether this may make sense to find out whether this may make sense to find out whether this may make sense for you. And there we go. It gave us an for you. And there we go. It gave us an for you. And there we go. It gave us an answer where we can click on view in answer where we can click on view in answer where we can click on view in editor tab. And if we open that then editor tab. And if we open that then editor tab. And if we open that then here we get it as a markdown format what here we get it as a markdown format what here we get it as a markdown format what the answer is from this AI. And it gives the answer is from this AI. And it gives the answer is from this AI. And it gives us a clear suggestion when multiodule us a clear suggestion when multiodule us a clear suggestion when multiodule architecture makes sense. Consider architecture makes sense. Consider architecture makes sense. Consider migrating if one or more are true. So migrating if one or more are true. So migrating if one or more are true. So you're about to add more features. It you're about to add more features. It you're about to add more features. It also suggests some author profiles, also suggests some author profiles, also suggests some author profiles, collections, reviews, and it even gives collections, reviews, and it even gives collections, reviews, and it even gives us a migration path that we could stick us a migration path that we could stick us a migration path that we could stick to if we wanted to stick to a multiodule to if we wanted to stick to a multiodule to if we wanted to stick to a multiodule architecture. But here comes the next architecture. But here comes the next architecture. But here comes the next tip because AI can obviously be wrong. tip because AI can obviously be wrong. tip because AI can obviously be wrong. Even the most up-to-ate GPT5 can be Even the most up-to-ate GPT5 can be Even the most up-to-ate GPT5 can be wrong. And if you now ask a claw model, wrong. And if you now ask a claw model, wrong. And if you now ask a claw model, then it will probably give you a little then it will probably give you a little then it will probably give you a little bit of a different response. So there bit of a different response. So there bit of a different response. So there are actually two tips here in one. Tip are actually two tips here in one. Tip are actually two tips here in one. Tip number one is if anything in the number one is if anything in the number one is if anything in the response from AI is unclear to you. So response from AI is unclear to you. So response from AI is unclear to you. So if you wouldn't be able to explain this if you wouldn't be able to explain this if you wouldn't be able to explain this to your grandma, then you don't yet to your grandma, then you don't yet to your grandma, then you don't yet understand enough about this response. understand enough about this response. understand enough about this response. So that means you have to ask about So that means you have to ask about So that means you have to ask about these things. So you would at some point these things. So you would at some point these things. So you would at some point be able to explain it to your grandma. be able to explain it to your grandma. be able to explain it to your grandma. Tip number two is if you are unsure Tip number two is if you are unsure Tip number two is if you are unsure about a certain topic because of course about a certain topic because of course about a certain topic because of course if we are learning topics then we by if we are learning topics then we by if we are learning topics then we by definition don't have the knowledge that definition don't have the knowledge that definition don't have the knowledge that we want to have or that we could have. we want to have or that we could have. we want to have or that we could have. So we want to know something that the AI So we want to know something that the AI So we want to know something that the AI knows that we don't and we are not yet knows that we don't and we are not yet knows that we don't and we are not yet in a position to really validate what in a position to really validate what in a position to really validate what the AI gave us. And here a really nice the AI gave us. And here a really nice the AI gave us. And here a really nice trick is to actually take this response trick is to actually take this response trick is to actually take this response that the AI that the AI gave you. Copy that the AI that the AI gave you. Copy that the AI that the AI gave you. Copy that and place that in a new tab again. that and place that in a new tab again. that and place that in a new tab again. So you go back, you have another tab So you go back, you have another tab So you go back, you have another tab here and maybe even switch the model. We here and maybe even switch the model. We here and maybe even switch the model. We can also try this here to set 4. And we can also try this here to set 4. And we can also try this here to set 4. And we say ask and you just say okay someone say ask and you just say okay someone say ask and you just say okay someone told me this about my codebase. Please told me this about my codebase. Please told me this about my codebase. Please fact check it. fact check it. fact check it. Does all that make sense? Does all that make sense? Does all that make sense? Something like that. and you send it Something like that. and you send it Something like that. and you send it because the moment you actually open a because the moment you actually open a because the moment you actually open a new tab here in your AI, it does not new tab here in your AI, it does not new tab here in your AI, it does not have any context about your previous have any context about your previous have any context about your previous chat history. So it again starts from chat history. So it again starts from chat history. So it again starts from scratch possibly with a new model. You scratch possibly with a new model. You scratch possibly with a new model. You can see sometimes it also wants to run can see sometimes it also wants to run can see sometimes it also wants to run certain terminal commands which you can certain terminal commands which you can certain terminal commands which you can then do in order to find some files. But then do in order to find some files. But then do in order to find some files. But this way you actually often find little this way you actually often find little this way you actually often find little mistakes of the previous answer or mistakes of the previous answer or mistakes of the previous answer or topics where the previous answer was topics where the previous answer was topics where the previous answer was just a bit general about where you have just a bit general about where you have just a bit general about where you have to be careful about. So does that mean to be careful about. So does that mean to be careful about. So does that mean that the second answer is perfect? No, that the second answer is perfect? No, that the second answer is perfect? No, probably not. It's still an answer from probably not. It's still an answer from probably not. It's still an answer from an AI after all. But the more you fact an AI after all. But the more you fact an AI after all. But the more you fact check these answers with different AI check these answers with different AI check these answers with different AI tabs, I found the more that helps you to tabs, I found the more that helps you to tabs, I found the more that helps you to really understand which of these answers really understand which of these answers really understand which of these answers has which kinds of true elements because has which kinds of true elements because has which kinds of true elements because there's often some truth to each answer, there's often some truth to each answer, there's often some truth to each answer, but you need a bigger overall picture but you need a bigger overall picture but you need a bigger overall picture for yourself to be able to assess which for yourself to be able to assess which for yourself to be able to assess which parts of which answer make sense for parts of which answer make sense for parts of which answer make sense for your project. So while AI1 may give you your project. So while AI1 may give you your project. So while AI1 may give you a tip that AI2 doesn't give you, AI2 may a tip that AI2 doesn't give you, AI2 may a tip that AI2 doesn't give you, AI2 may give you another tip that AI1 doesn't give you another tip that AI1 doesn't give you another tip that AI1 doesn't give you. And in our case here it said give you. And in our case here it said give you. And in our case here it said okay the analysis is highly accurate. okay the analysis is highly accurate. okay the analysis is highly accurate. And we can again view this here in our And we can again view this here in our And we can again view this here in our editor. And in this case the AI says hey editor. And in this case the AI says hey editor. And in this case the AI says hey that is accurate. That makes sense. that is accurate. That makes sense. that is accurate. That makes sense. Whether that is not really the case that Whether that is not really the case that Whether that is not really the case that is completely debatable. And we could is completely debatable. And we could is completely debatable. And we could ask professionals. Some will disagree. ask professionals. Some will disagree. ask professionals. Some will disagree. Some will agree. But hey this is Some will agree. But hey this is Some will agree. But hey this is something an AI gives you the moment you something an AI gives you the moment you something an AI gives you the moment you ask it. This is an instant response you ask it. This is an instant response you ask it. This is an instant response you can get at any time. So we're of course can get at any time. So we're of course can get at any time. So we're of course not talking about the same level of not talking about the same level of not talking about the same level of quality output than if you were to ask a quality output than if you were to ask a quality output than if you were to ask a real professional. But you would need real professional. But you would need real professional. But you would need that access to a real professional in that access to a real professional in that access to a real professional in order to be able to ask your questions order to be able to ask your questions order to be able to ask your questions there. And if you don't have that, this there. And if you don't have that, this there. And if you don't have that, this is such a nice way to learn coding is such a nice way to learn coding is such a nice way to learn coding nowadays to just be able to ask anything nowadays to just be able to ask anything nowadays to just be able to ask anything that you have to an AI. That was use that you have to an AI. That was use that you have to an AI. That was use case one. Use case two, as I mentioned, case one. Use case two, as I mentioned, case one. Use case two, as I mentioned, is coding because here in Juni, we also is coding because here in Juni, we also is coding because here in Juni, we also have this code feature. And by the way, have this code feature. And by the way, have this code feature. And by the way, we also have a brave mode. We can also we also have a brave mode. We can also we also have a brave mode. We can also turn this on. This means it will execute turn this on. This means it will execute turn this on. This means it will execute terminal commands on its own. That is of terminal commands on its own. That is of terminal commands on its own. That is of course something you have to decide if course something you have to decide if course something you have to decide if you want that. Typically, in my you want that. Typically, in my you want that. Typically, in my experience, it uh just uses the terminal experience, it uh just uses the terminal experience, it uh just uses the terminal commands to really find some files in commands to really find some files in commands to really find some files in your structure, but then you don't your structure, but then you don't your structure, but then you don't always need to approve these commands. always need to approve these commands. always need to approve these commands. In regards to coding, um I like to In regards to coding, um I like to In regards to coding, um I like to delegate, let's say, simple to medium delegate, let's say, simple to medium delegate, let's say, simple to medium tasks to Juny. For complex tasks, I tasks to Juny. For complex tasks, I tasks to Juny. For complex tasks, I actually don't like to do that with this actually don't like to do that with this actually don't like to do that with this um coding integration here. In that um coding integration here. In that um coding integration here. In that case, I would first of all rather ask case, I would first of all rather ask case, I would first of all rather ask Juny or an AI, hey, what would be a Juny or an AI, hey, what would be a Juny or an AI, hey, what would be a suggested strategy to implement this suggested strategy to implement this suggested strategy to implement this feature? just in order to get a first feature? just in order to get a first feature? just in order to get a first idea of how I could approach such a idea of how I could approach such a idea of how I could approach such a bigger complex problem and then maybe bigger complex problem and then maybe bigger complex problem and then maybe adjust this a little bit which of course adjust this a little bit which of course adjust this a little bit which of course needs some sort of experience for but to needs some sort of experience for but to needs some sort of experience for but to really delegate bigger tasks and maybe really delegate bigger tasks and maybe really delegate bigger tasks and maybe let it build full features to an AI for let it build full features to an AI for let it build full features to an AI for that it's really not at the level that I that it's really not at the level that I that it's really not at the level that I would want yet so these I'm still would want yet so these I'm still would want yet so these I'm still writing myself but the example that we writing myself but the example that we writing myself but the example that we could delegate here to Juny is we would could delegate here to Juny is we would could delegate here to Juny is we would actually take a look in our for example actually take a look in our for example actually take a look in our for example book detail screen so this is our screen book detail screen so this is our screen book detail screen so this is our screen and here we also have a preview so if we and here we also have a preview so if we and here we also have a preview so if we build and refresh then we should see build and refresh then we should see build and refresh then we should see something here how this actually looks something here how this actually looks something here how this actually looks like. There we go. So we have a book like. There we go. So we have a book like. There we go. So we have a book detail screen. The book cover here is detail screen. The book cover here is detail screen. The book cover here is simply blank because that is loaded from simply blank because that is loaded from simply blank because that is loaded from an API normally just that you have an an API normally just that you have an an API normally just that you have an idea of how this look like and let's say idea of how this look like and let's say idea of how this look like and let's say we now want to also have a responsive we now want to also have a responsive we now want to also have a responsive landscape variant for the screen. That landscape variant for the screen. That landscape variant for the screen. That would be a task that I would confidently would be a task that I would confidently would be a task that I would confidently be that I would confidently delegate to be that I would confidently delegate to be that I would confidently delegate to Juny. It's not too complex but it still Juny. It's not too complex but it still Juny. It's not too complex but it still involves some boilerplate code. And for involves some boilerplate code. And for involves some boilerplate code. And for that I've actually prepared a little that I've actually prepared a little that I've actually prepared a little prompt that I will simply paste here. prompt that I will simply paste here. prompt that I will simply paste here. You will get the idea. Create an You will get the idea. Create an You will get the idea. Create an optimized landscape layout for the book optimized landscape layout for the book optimized landscape layout for the book details screen which shows the book details screen which shows the book details screen which shows the book cover on the left and the book details cover on the left and the book details cover on the left and the book details on the right. So typical two column on the right. So typical two column on the right. So typical two column layout reference window size classes for layout reference window size classes for layout reference window size classes for that to find out the screen's that to find out the screen's that to find out the screen's dimensions. So window size does that is dimensions. So window size does that is dimensions. So window size does that is an additional piece of information I an additional piece of information I an additional piece of information I gave in here because that is the typical gave in here because that is the typical gave in here because that is the typical approach how to handle a responsive approach how to handle a responsive approach how to handle a responsive designs in compose. So I want it to use designs in compose. So I want it to use designs in compose. So I want it to use that. So let's just click go and wait a that. So let's just click go and wait a that. So let's just click go and wait a little moment. And there we go. After 2 little moment. And there we go. After 2 little moment. And there we go. After 2 to 3 minutes it actually finished to 3 minutes it actually finished to 3 minutes it actually finished implementing that. You can see it also implementing that. You can see it also implementing that. You can see it also gives you detailed steps on what it gives you detailed steps on what it gives you detailed steps on what it actually did. It first of all took a actually did. It first of all took a actually did. It first of all took a look if the window size class dependency look if the window size class dependency look if the window size class dependency is actually there. Found out okay no it is actually there. Found out okay no it is actually there. Found out okay no it had to add that to gradal. That is what had to add that to gradal. That is what had to add that to gradal. That is what it did. It extracted some of our it did. It extracted some of our it did. It extracted some of our structure to know what to put where. And structure to know what to put where. And structure to know what to put where. And then you can see it makes the first then you can see it makes the first then you can see it makes the first changes. And you can also click on this changes. And you can also click on this changes. And you can also click on this here in order to get the difference. Uh here in order to get the difference. Uh here in order to get the difference. Uh and you are of course in control of and you are of course in control of and you are of course in control of which changes you want to apply from which changes you want to apply from which changes you want to apply from this uh response. So you get a clear uh this uh response. So you get a clear uh this uh response. So you get a clear uh breakdown here of what has been done and breakdown here of what has been done and breakdown here of what has been done and you can easily revert this if you don't you can easily revert this if you don't you can easily revert this if you don't want to do this by either clicking on want to do this by either clicking on want to do this by either clicking on roll back all or simply moving or roll back all or simply moving or roll back all or simply moving or deleting some of these lines that it has deleting some of these lines that it has deleting some of these lines that it has added. So down here you can see lots of added. So down here you can see lots of added. So down here you can see lots of changes being made and then it says okay changes being made and then it says okay changes being made and then it says okay it also opened the compos preview. I it also opened the compos preview. I it also opened the compos preview. I didn't see a landscape version in the didn't see a landscape version in the didn't see a landscape version in the preview itself but I would say we just preview itself but I would say we just preview itself but I would say we just launch the app on my device and then we launch the app on my device and then we launch the app on my device and then we test this here on my real device. There test this here on my real device. There test this here on my real device. There we go. This is our book list screen and we go. This is our book list screen and we go. This is our book list screen and we are now opening the detail screen. we are now opening the detail screen. we are now opening the detail screen. There we go. That still looks like There we go. That still looks like There we go. That still looks like before of course but if we now rotate before of course but if we now rotate before of course but if we now rotate our device then there is our responsive our device then there is our responsive our device then there is our responsive UI. You can see this is scrollable. That UI. You can see this is scrollable. That UI. You can see this is scrollable. That is something it thought of and we get is something it thought of and we get is something it thought of and we get our book cover on the left. So these are our book cover on the left. So these are our book cover on the left. So these are just types of tasks that I really much just types of tasks that I really much just types of tasks that I really much like to delegate to Juny because they like to delegate to Juny because they like to delegate to Juny because they are not yet too complex for an AI that are not yet too complex for an AI that are not yet too complex for an AI that it could make really critical mistakes it could make really critical mistakes it could make really critical mistakes here with this task. But there is still here with this task. But there is still here with this task. But there is still a lot of boilerplate code involved in a lot of boilerplate code involved in a lot of boilerplate code involved in doing that in supporting such a doing that in supporting such a doing that in supporting such a landscape layout. And I think at this landscape layout. And I think at this landscape layout. And I think at this point it is pretty clear that AI will be point it is pretty clear that AI will be point it is pretty clear that AI will be the primary way in future to write code. the primary way in future to write code. the primary way in future to write code. As much as we developers like to write As much as we developers like to write As much as we developers like to write code ourselves, I think we can't deny code ourselves, I think we can't deny code ourselves, I think we can't deny that the trend is clearly going in that that the trend is clearly going in that that the trend is clearly going in that direction and that's actually what direction and that's actually what direction and that's actually what already happened in the past. So for a already happened in the past. So for a already happened in the past. So for a long while we don't have to write any long while we don't have to write any long while we don't have to write any assembly code anymore. But we have assembly code anymore. But we have assembly code anymore. But we have highlevel programming languages like highlevel programming languages like highlevel programming languages like Cotlin, like Python that allow us to do Cotlin, like Python that allow us to do Cotlin, like Python that allow us to do certain things with much less code. And certain things with much less code. And certain things with much less code. And AI is just now the next level of that AI is just now the next level of that AI is just now the next level of that that we can express what we want to do that we can express what we want to do that we can express what we want to do and the AI will then write all the code and the AI will then write all the code and the AI will then write all the code for us. So the focus of our job shifts for us. So the focus of our job shifts for us. So the focus of our job shifts from just typing code on our keyboard to from just typing code on our keyboard to from just typing code on our keyboard to solving highle problems. And that is solving highle problems. And that is solving highle problems. And that is something that I'm convinced will stay something that I'm convinced will stay something that I'm convinced will stay for quite a long time. But it is for quite a long time. But it is for quite a long time. But it is something that you actively have to use. something that you actively have to use. something that you actively have to use. Don't sleep over that change. If you Don't sleep over that change. If you Don't sleep over that change. If you don't use AI to learn new coding don't use AI to learn new coding don't use AI to learn new coding concepts nowadays, then you are really concepts nowadays, then you are really concepts nowadays, then you are really going to be left behind. And if you say going to be left behind. And if you say going to be left behind. And if you say this is something you want to try out, this is something you want to try out, this is something you want to try out, then of course in this video's then of course in this video's then of course in this video's description, you'll find a link to Juni description, you'll find a link to Juni description, you'll find a link to Juni explore it. I will use it almost daily explore it. I will use it almost daily explore it. I will use it almost daily in Android Studio in IntelliJ just in Android Studio in IntelliJ just in Android Studio in IntelliJ just whenever I have to do anything that whenever I have to do anything that whenever I have to do anything that involves context of my coding project. involves context of my coding project. involves context of my coding project. And something that is maybe also worth And something that is maybe also worth And something that is maybe also worth mentioning here is that just this mentioning here is that just this mentioning here is that just this summer, Juny became a GitHub integration summer, Juny became a GitHub integration summer, Juny became a GitHub integration as well. So you can really add it to as well. So you can really add it to as well. So you can really add it to your repository and assign clear issues your repository and assign clear issues your repository and assign clear issues to it. Delegate clear tasks in GitHub to to it. Delegate clear tasks in GitHub to to it. Delegate clear tasks in GitHub to Juni. It will solve these Juni. It will solve these Juni. It will solve these asynchronously, create a pull request asynchronously, create a pull request asynchronously, create a pull request for you. So you can go over what it for you. So you can go over what it for you. So you can go over what it suggests to change or to do in order to suggests to change or to do in order to suggests to change or to do in order to fix that problem, to solve that issue, fix that problem, to solve that issue, fix that problem, to solve that issue, to implement that feature. And you can to implement that feature. And you can to implement that feature. And you can then say, "Hey, merge, hey, please then say, "Hey, merge, hey, please then say, "Hey, merge, hey, please change that." So you in the end stay in change that." So you in the end stay in change that." So you in the end stay in control, but you can delegate a lot of control, but you can delegate a lot of control, but you can delegate a lot of your work to an AI. Thanks so much for your work to an AI. Thanks so much for your work to an AI. Thanks so much for watching. I will see you back in the watching. I will see you back in the watching. I will see you back in the next video. Have an amazing rest of your next video. Have an amazing rest of your next video. Have an amazing rest of your week. Bye-bye. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey, [Music]
