Welcome back to Paircoder. We left off Welcome back to Paircoder. We left off Welcome back to Paircoder. We left off with a project skeleton, fast API app, with a project skeleton, fast API app, with a project skeleton, fast API app, product data, basic tests. Now we need product data, basic tests. Now we need product data, basic tests. Now we need to plan what to build. We create a to plan what to build. We create a to plan what to build. We create a feature branch, check our token budget. feature branch, check our token budget. feature branch, check our token budget. We're under threshold and launch We're under threshold and launch We're under threshold and launch contained auto mode. That creates a git contained auto mode. That creates a git contained auto mode. That creates a git checkpoint and sandboxes cloud session. checkpoint and sandboxes cloud session. checkpoint and sandboxes cloud session. So changes are isolated. So changes are isolated. So changes are isolated. We pass in a feature description. Add We pass in a feature description. Add We pass in a feature description. Add search and filtering. Five features, search and filtering. Five features, search and filtering. Five features, search endpoint, category filter, price search endpoint, category filter, price search endpoint, category filter, price range filter, pageionation, and range filter, pageionation, and range filter, pageionation, and integration tests. Claude reads the integration tests. Claude reads the integration tests. Claude reads the entire codebase, dispatches explore entire codebase, dispatches explore entire codebase, dispatches explore agents in parallel, and builds a plan. agents in parallel, and builds a plan. agents in parallel, and builds a plan. 25 plus tool calls, about 5 minutes of 25 plus tool calls, about 5 minutes of 25 plus tool calls, about 5 minutes of thinking, compressed here to a few thinking, compressed here to a few thinking, compressed here to a few seconds. Five tasks properly scoped, seconds. Five tasks properly scoped, seconds. Five tasks properly scoped, each with complexity estimates and each with complexity estimates and each with complexity estimates and priority. The task breakdown T1.1 priority. The task breakdown T1.1 priority. The task breakdown T1.1 through T1.5 through T1.5 through T1.5 P 0 and P1 priorities complexity from 25 P 0 and P1 priorities complexity from 25 P 0 and P1 priorities complexity from 25 to 35. This is what the driver works to 35. This is what the driver works to 35. This is what the driver works from in the next video. T1.3 from in the next video. T1.3 from in the next video. T1.3 the price range filter. Eight acceptance the price range filter. Eight acceptance the price range filter. Eight acceptance criteria covering edge cases, criteria covering edge cases, criteria covering edge cases, validation, and composition with other validation, and composition with other validation, and composition with other filters. filters. filters. These aren't just documentation. They're These aren't just documentation. They're These aren't just documentation. They're verification gates. If any fail, the verification gates. If any fail, the verification gates. If any fail, the task stays open. We commit, tag it as task stays open. We commit, tag it as task stays open. We commit, tag it as demo planned, and that's our reset demo planned, and that's our reset demo planned, and that's our reset point. Feet description in, scope task point. Feet description in, scope task point. Feet description in, scope task breakdown out. Next video, the driver breakdown out. Next video, the driver breakdown out. Next video, the driver implements these tasks with TDD, and we implements these tasks with TDD, and we implements these tasks with TDD, and we see what happens when a gate check see what happens when a gate check see what happens when a gate check fails.
