This is Cloud Code, driving a real This is Cloud Code, driving a real This is Cloud Code, driving a real Chrome window. It's opening tabs, is Chrome window. It's opening tabs, is Chrome window. It's opening tabs, is reading articles, and no one is touching reading articles, and no one is touching reading articles, and no one is touching the mouse. There are three different the mouse. There are three different the mouse. There are three different ways to give Cloud Code a browser. In ways to give Cloud Code a browser. In ways to give Cloud Code a browser. In this video, you'll see all three. How this video, you'll see all three. How this video, you'll see all three. How each of them works, the good and the each of them works, the good and the each of them works, the good and the bad, a full setup, and a demo for each bad, a full setup, and a demo for each bad, a full setup, and a demo for each of them. At the end, you'll know exactly of them. At the end, you'll know exactly of them. At the end, you'll know exactly which one to pick for your situation. which one to pick for your situation. which one to pick for your situation. Before we start, we need to understand Before we start, we need to understand Before we start, we need to understand all these three options and what they all these three options and what they all these three options and what they do. So, all three options do the same do. So, all three options do the same do. So, all three options do the same job. They can do the same task. But what job. They can do the same task. But what job. They can do the same task. But what changes is how you hand over the browser changes is how you hand over the browser changes is how you hand over the browser start to Cloud Code. So, the first one start to Cloud Code. So, the first one start to Cloud Code. So, the first one is using the Chrome extension. This is using the Chrome extension. This is using the Chrome extension. This solution sits on your computer. It can solution sits on your computer. It can solution sits on your computer. It can reuse your logins, and there's not too reuse your logins, and there's not too reuse your logins, and there's not too much setup in order to use it. And in much setup in order to use it. And in much setup in order to use it. And in most case, most websites cannot tell most case, most websites cannot tell most case, most websites cannot tell it's you. So, it's good for bot it's you. So, it's good for bot it's you. So, it's good for bot detection. Here you can take a look into detection. Here you can take a look into detection. Here you can take a look into the good and the bad. So, it uses a real the good and the bad. So, it uses a real the good and the bad. So, it uses a real Chrome. So, any logins and cookies that Chrome. So, any logins and cookies that Chrome. So, any logins and cookies that you might have on your browser come you might have on your browser come you might have on your browser come along. To the browser, it looks exactly along. To the browser, it looks exactly along. To the browser, it looks exactly like you on the websites. As I said, like you on the websites. As I said, like you on the websites. As I said, it's good for bot detection. You can it's good for bot detection. You can it's good for bot detection. You can watch it work in real time cuz it works watch it work in real time cuz it works watch it work in real time cuz it works as a Chrome plugin on the real browser. as a Chrome plugin on the real browser. as a Chrome plugin on the real browser. The only setup needed to do is to only The only setup needed to do is to only The only setup needed to do is to only add the Chrome plugin to the browser. add the Chrome plugin to the browser. add the Chrome plugin to the browser. And overall, it's great to debug your And overall, it's great to debug your And overall, it's great to debug your own web apps. So, the downsides is that own web apps. So, the downsides is that own web apps. So, the downsides is that you need a paid Cloud plan. It doesn't you need a paid Cloud plan. It doesn't you need a paid Cloud plan. It doesn't work on the free version. There's not work on the free version. There's not work on the free version. There's not too much support for other browsers, too much support for other browsers, too much support for other browsers, only Chrome and Edge at the moment. It only Chrome and Edge at the moment. It only Chrome and Edge at the moment. It only runs on your machine. So, if you only runs on your machine. So, if you only runs on your machine. So, if you need to add this to a CI or CD pipeline need to add this to a CI or CD pipeline need to add this to a CI or CD pipeline in any server, it will be a problem. And in any server, it will be a problem. And in any server, it will be a problem. And the last bad point is that it actually the last bad point is that it actually the last bad point is that it actually acts in your logged-in browser. So, you acts in your logged-in browser. So, you acts in your logged-in browser. So, you have quite permissions. Then, we have have quite permissions. Then, we have have quite permissions. Then, we have the second option. So, it's Playwright the second option. So, it's Playwright the second option. So, it's Playwright MCP. So, this second tool, you can see MCP. So, this second tool, you can see MCP. So, this second tool, you can see it as a separate office with a binder. it as a separate office with a binder. it as a separate office with a binder. So, basically, you have this own office So, basically, you have this own office So, basically, you have this own office with a list of buttons that you can use with a list of buttons that you can use with a list of buttons that you can use to extract data from the browser and to extract data from the browser and to extract data from the browser and interact with the browser like clicking interact with the browser like clicking interact with the browser like clicking buttons, listing elements, and so on. buttons, listing elements, and so on. buttons, listing elements, and so on. And this could if you have some kind of And this could if you have some kind of And this could if you have some kind of automation that you are repeatable. So, automation that you are repeatable. So, automation that you are repeatable. So, you always do the same thing. In terms you always do the same thing. In terms you always do the same thing. In terms of the positives, so it's It's of the of the positives, so it's It's of the of the positives, so it's It's of the most mature solutions. So, it's been most mature solutions. So, it's been most mature solutions. So, it's been there for a while. Build on Playwright, there for a while. Build on Playwright, there for a while. Build on Playwright, so it's an industry standard for so it's an industry standard for so it's an industry standard for testing. This is very good if you have testing. This is very good if you have testing. This is very good if you have some kind of pipelines like CICD on your some kind of pipelines like CICD on your some kind of pipelines like CICD on your web application. And another very good web application. And another very good web application. And another very good point that's very useful for your point that's very useful for your point that's very useful for your testing is that it can fake the network testing is that it can fake the network testing is that it can fake the network requests. So, if you want to test that a requests. So, if you want to test that a requests. So, if you want to test that a web UI changed depending on the request web UI changed depending on the request web UI changed depending on the request that it failed, you can fake the network that it failed, you can fake the network that it failed, you can fake the network response that it failed and see if it response that it failed and see if it response that it failed and see if it actually passed this test that the UI actually passed this test that the UI actually passed this test that the UI changed accordingly. The bad points of changed accordingly. The bad points of changed accordingly. The bad points of this, all these commands, it's they sit this, all these commands, it's they sit this, all these commands, it's they sit on the memory of cloud, so it will use on the memory of cloud, so it will use on the memory of cloud, so it will use more tokens. So, every page we visit, it more tokens. So, every page we visit, it more tokens. So, every page we visit, it will be copied into memory. Again, more will be copied into memory. Again, more will be copied into memory. Again, more tokens being used. And some browsers, tokens being used. And some browsers, tokens being used. And some browsers, since this doesn't reuse the logins, since this doesn't reuse the logins, since this doesn't reuse the logins, they can see this as a bot. And this can they can see this as a bot. And this can they can see this as a bot. And this can be a red flag if you need to create some be a red flag if you need to create some be a red flag if you need to create some kind of test that it needs to log in. kind of test that it needs to log in. kind of test that it needs to log in. You also have to implement this part of You also have to implement this part of You also have to implement this part of the process. And also, some websites, if the process. And also, some websites, if the process. And also, some websites, if you don't have this kind of login and you don't have this kind of login and you don't have this kind of login and cookies in place, some sites can block cookies in place, some sites can block cookies in place, some sites can block you because they see this as a robot. you because they see this as a robot. you because they see this as a robot. Then we have the third tool, Agent Then we have the third tool, Agent Then we have the third tool, Agent Browser from Vercel. So, this you can Browser from Vercel. So, this you can Browser from Vercel. So, this you can see it as a walkie-talkie. So, it's see it as a walkie-talkie. So, it's see it as a walkie-talkie. So, it's short and fast. You tell him exactly short and fast. You tell him exactly short and fast. You tell him exactly what to do and it does this and it what to do and it does this and it what to do and it does this and it returns the response only for that part. returns the response only for that part. returns the response only for that part. In this case, there's no binder at all In this case, there's no binder at all In this case, there's no binder at all like Playwrights had. And the memory and like Playwrights had. And the memory and like Playwrights had. And the memory and the context stays clean because you the context stays clean because you the context stays clean because you didn't load anything into memory that didn't load anything into memory that didn't load anything into memory that you didn't need. The good part is that you didn't need. The good part is that you didn't need. The good part is that it barely touches cloud working memory. it barely touches cloud working memory. it barely touches cloud working memory. It's fast and simple. Loads the It's fast and simple. Loads the It's fast and simple. Loads the instruction only when needed. So, if you instruction only when needed. So, if you instruction only when needed. So, if you ask him to click a button, it will only ask him to click a button, it will only ask him to click a button, it will only load the instructions to click the load the instructions to click the load the instructions to click the button. And since it runs in headless button. And since it runs in headless button. And since it runs in headless mode, so basically, you're not going to mode, so basically, you're not going to mode, so basically, you're not going to see the live automation running. There's see the live automation running. There's see the live automation running. There's also a feature that comes with it, also a feature that comes with it, also a feature that comes with it, that's a live dashboard that we can that's a live dashboard that we can that's a live dashboard that we can watch it. So, this is also good if you watch it. So, this is also good if you watch it. So, this is also good if you are trying to debug something that's not are trying to debug something that's not are trying to debug something that's not working correctly. The downside of this working correctly. The downside of this working correctly. The downside of this solution. So, first, it's a young solution. So, first, it's a young solution. So, first, it's a young project. It's not as mature as project. It's not as mature as project. It's not as mature as Playwright MCP. It's Chrome only. So, if Playwright MCP. It's Chrome only. So, if Playwright MCP. It's Chrome only. So, if you're trying to implement this in you're trying to implement this in you're trying to implement this in different browsers, it will not work. As different browsers, it will not work. As different browsers, it will not work. As the previous one, since it runs in the previous one, since it runs in the previous one, since it runs in headless, so it will have the same kind headless, so it will have the same kind headless, so it will have the same kind of problems in terms of bot detection as of problems in terms of bot detection as of problems in terms of bot detection as Playwright. And compared to Playwright, Playwright. And compared to Playwright, Playwright. And compared to Playwright, since Playwright was actually built for since Playwright was actually built for since Playwright was actually built for testing web applications, it will not testing web applications, it will not testing web applications, it will not have so many features as it. have so many features as it. have so many features as it. Side-by-side, we can see all the three Side-by-side, we can see all the three Side-by-side, we can see all the three options. So, we have the first solution, options. So, we have the first solution, options. So, we have the first solution, Cloud in Chrome, is better used if you Cloud in Chrome, is better used if you Cloud in Chrome, is better used if you want to reuse your own login and testing want to reuse your own login and testing want to reuse your own login and testing your own web apps. Playwright MCP is your own web apps. Playwright MCP is your own web apps. Playwright MCP is better if you want to run these kind of better if you want to run these kind of better if you want to run these kind of scripts and automations in a server and scripts and automations in a server and scripts and automations in a server and repeatable automation. So, if you want repeatable automation. So, if you want repeatable automation. So, if you want to always do the same kind of test, so to always do the same kind of test, so to always do the same kind of test, so if you're testing the web UI and you do if you're testing the web UI and you do if you're testing the web UI and you do a new feature and you want to test that a new feature and you want to test that a new feature and you want to test that previous tests also work, you can previous tests also work, you can previous tests also work, you can implement this in CI/CD pipeline. And implement this in CI/CD pipeline. And implement this in CI/CD pipeline. And the last one, Agent Browser from Verso, the last one, Agent Browser from Verso, the last one, Agent Browser from Verso, is best for everyday lookups inside is best for everyday lookups inside is best for everyday lookups inside Cloud Code. If you don't know which one Cloud Code. If you don't know which one Cloud Code. If you don't know which one to pick for your situation, you just to pick for your situation, you just to pick for your situation, you just need to answer these two questions. need to answer these two questions. need to answer these two questions. First question is that do you need your First question is that do you need your First question is that do you need your own logins or you're testing your own own logins or you're testing your own own logins or you're testing your own web app? If yes, you go to Cloud Crow. web app? If yes, you go to Cloud Crow. web app? If yes, you go to Cloud Crow. If no, you have to answer the next If no, you have to answer the next If no, you have to answer the next question. Will it run on servers or is question. Will it run on servers or is question. Will it run on servers or is it repeatable automation? If yes, we go it repeatable automation? If yes, we go it repeatable automation? If yes, we go to Playwright MCP, so it's the better to Playwright MCP, so it's the better to Playwright MCP, so it's the better one for the testing and for repeat one for the testing and for repeat one for the testing and for repeat automations, and we can run it on the automations, and we can run it on the automations, and we can run it on the server. And if no, we go for Agent server. And if no, we go for Agent server. And if no, we go for Agent Browser, it's light, fast, and is the Browser, it's light, fast, and is the Browser, it's light, fast, and is the better one for everyday jobs. Let's better one for everyday jobs. Let's better one for everyday jobs. Let's first take a look into the demo that first take a look into the demo that first take a look into the demo that we're going to do with all the different we're going to do with all the different we're going to do with all the different three tools. The demo that we're going three tools. The demo that we're going three tools. The demo that we're going to do is that we're going to point each to do is that we're going to point each to do is that we're going to point each of the tools to go into Wikipedia to of the tools to go into Wikipedia to of the tools to go into Wikipedia to this page. This page has the most this page. This page has the most this page. This page has the most popular Wikipedia articles of the week, popular Wikipedia articles of the week, popular Wikipedia articles of the week, and we're going to ask for each of them and we're going to ask for each of them and we're going to ask for each of them to go to the top five articles, and to go to the top five articles, and to go to the top five articles, and we're going to ask take the top five we're going to ask take the top five we're going to ask take the top five articles in this page, open each of articles in this page, open each of articles in this page, open each of them, and then to save the results to a them, and then to save the results to a them, and then to save the results to a file locally, including the title, the file locally, including the title, the file locally, including the title, the link, and two sentences summary for each link, and two sentences summary for each link, and two sentences summary for each of the articles. Before we start the of the articles. Before we start the of the articles. Before we start the project setup, there are some project setup, there are some project setup, there are some prerequisites that you need. The first prerequisites that you need. The first prerequisites that you need. The first one is a paid Cloud plan. To make sure one is a paid Cloud plan. To make sure one is a paid Cloud plan. To make sure that you have one, you can go on that you have one, you can go on that you have one, you can go on cloud.ai/new cloud.ai/new cloud.ai/new settings/usage, settings/usage, settings/usage, and you'll see here the plan usage and you'll see here the plan usage and you'll see here the plan usage limits. It will have in front your plan. limits. It will have in front your plan. limits. It will have in front your plan. Next prerequisite is the Chrome plugin. Next prerequisite is the Chrome plugin. Next prerequisite is the Chrome plugin. So, for this, you can go to So, for this, you can go to So, for this, you can go to cloud.com/cloud cloud.com/cloud cloud.com/cloud for Chrome and you can go here and click for Chrome and you can go here and click for Chrome and you can go here and click add to Chrome and here on the top right, add to Chrome and here on the top right, add to Chrome and here on the top right, you left to add to Chrome. In my case, I you left to add to Chrome. In my case, I you left to add to Chrome. In my case, I already have it, so I only have remove already have it, so I only have remove already have it, so I only have remove for Chrome. After this, you go here on for Chrome. After this, you go here on for Chrome. After this, you go here on the top on the Cloud plugin and you're the top on the Cloud plugin and you're the top on the Cloud plugin and you're going to make sure that you click it and going to make sure that you click it and going to make sure that you click it and you do a login. So, you need to be you do a login. So, you need to be you do a login. So, you need to be authenticated. Now that we validated authenticated. Now that we validated authenticated. Now that we validated prerequisites, we can start the project prerequisites, we can start the project prerequisites, we can start the project setup. So, I have here empty project and setup. So, I have here empty project and setup. So, I have here empty project and I'm going to initialize it as following. I'm going to initialize it as following. I'm going to initialize it as following. So, I'm just going to create these empty So, I'm just going to create these empty So, I'm just going to create these empty directories. So, for the agent browser, directories. So, for the agent browser, directories. So, for the agent browser, for the extensions and for Playwright for the extensions and for Playwright for the extensions and for Playwright MCP. And then I have the outputs folder MCP. And then I have the outputs folder MCP. And then I have the outputs folder where we're going to ask Cloud code to where we're going to ask Cloud code to where we're going to ask Cloud code to put the outputs of all our demos. Let's put the outputs of all our demos. Let's put the outputs of all our demos. Let's start first the extension solution. So, start first the extension solution. So, start first the extension solution. So, we can go inside the extension folder. we can go inside the extension folder. we can go inside the extension folder. And in here, we're going to open Cloud And in here, we're going to open Cloud And in here, we're going to open Cloud with a flag Chrome. So, this is going to with a flag Chrome. So, this is going to with a flag Chrome. So, this is going to initialize the session. Now, we have to initialize the session. Now, we have to initialize the session. Now, we have to make sure that this is actually working. make sure that this is actually working. make sure that this is actually working. So, we're going to do /chrome. So, we're going to do /chrome. So, we're going to do /chrome. And in here, we're going to see if the And in here, we're going to see if the And in here, we're going to see if the status is enabled and the extension is status is enabled and the extension is status is enabled and the extension is installed. If this is not the case, then installed. If this is not the case, then installed. If this is not the case, then you have to go back to your browser and you have to go back to your browser and you have to go back to your browser and make sure that you did the prerequisites make sure that you did the prerequisites make sure that you did the prerequisites correctly. So, in here, we can click correctly. So, in here, we can click correctly. So, in here, we can click ask. We're not going to do anything else ask. We're not going to do anything else ask. We're not going to do anything else on this part. So, we're going to tell on this part. So, we're going to tell on this part. So, we're going to tell them, "Use the browser to open so the them, "Use the browser to open so the them, "Use the browser to open so the Wikipedia page that we just saw. Take Wikipedia page that we just saw. Take Wikipedia page that we just saw. Take the top five articles in the report, the top five articles in the report, the top five articles in the report, open each of them and then save the open each of them and then save the open each of them and then save the digest to the outputs folder and we want digest to the outputs folder and we want digest to the outputs folder and we want the title, the link and two sentences the title, the link and two sentences the title, the link and two sentences summary for each." summary for each." summary for each." So, we see it here. It's already open So, we see it here. It's already open So, we see it here. It's already open the Chrome browser. We see it here the the Chrome browser. We see it here the the Chrome browser. We see it here the Cloud MCP. We see it now going to the Cloud MCP. We see it now going to the Cloud MCP. We see it now going to the page that we told them. page that we told them. page that we told them. We can go back to the terminal and see We can go back to the terminal and see We can go back to the terminal and see that it's actually calling the Cloud in that it's actually calling the Cloud in that it's actually calling the Cloud in Chrome. So, it's interacting with the Chrome. So, it's interacting with the Chrome. So, it's interacting with the Cloud extension. We see here that's Cloud extension. We see here that's Cloud extension. We see here that's actually struggling to get this actually struggling to get this actually struggling to get this information. So, the tab appears to be information. So, the tab appears to be information. So, the tab appears to be stuck and it's going to create a new tab stuck and it's going to create a new tab stuck and it's going to create a new tab and load the data from there. So, we can and load the data from there. So, we can and load the data from there. So, we can see it here. There's here the new tab. see it here. There's here the new tab. see it here. There's here the new tab. So, it's opening again this page. Again, So, it's opening again this page. Again, So, it's opening again this page. Again, the same issue seems to be the case and the same issue seems to be the case and the same issue seems to be the case and it's opening the raw wiki text to get it's opening the raw wiki text to get it's opening the raw wiki text to get this information. So, if we go back to this information. So, if we go back to this information. So, if we go back to Chrome, we can actually see that's Chrome, we can actually see that's Chrome, we can actually see that's actually going to the raw wiki here on actually going to the raw wiki here on actually going to the raw wiki here on the top action equals to raw. It's the top action equals to raw. It's the top action equals to raw. It's finally completed. Can take a look into finally completed. Can take a look into finally completed. Can take a look into the outputs folder and we can see it's the outputs folder and we can see it's the outputs folder and we can see it's actually got the information that we actually got the information that we actually got the information that we wanted. So, we have here the 1 2 3 4 5 wanted. So, we have here the 1 2 3 4 5 wanted. So, we have here the 1 2 3 4 5 articles and we have everything that we articles and we have everything that we articles and we have everything that we asked. We have the title, the links, and asked. We have the title, the links, and asked. We have the title, the links, and a two-line summary about it. But, there a two-line summary about it. But, there a two-line summary about it. But, there was a lot of problems as you could see was a lot of problems as you could see was a lot of problems as you could see and he also took 13 minutes just to get and he also took 13 minutes just to get and he also took 13 minutes just to get this information. Let's now do the same this information. Let's now do the same this information. Let's now do the same thing with Playwright MCP. So, we want thing with Playwright MCP. So, we want thing with Playwright MCP. So, we want to close our session. We are going to go to close our session. We are going to go to close our session. We are going to go inside the Playwright MCP folder. Let's inside the Playwright MCP folder. Let's inside the Playwright MCP folder. Let's just quit the terminal and we're going just quit the terminal and we're going just quit the terminal and we're going to open the cloud session in this to open the cloud session in this to open the cloud session in this folder. After we're inside, first thing folder. After we're inside, first thing folder. After we're inside, first thing we need to do is actually install this we need to do is actually install this we need to do is actually install this MCP locally. So, for this we're going to MCP locally. So, for this we're going to MCP locally. So, for this we're going to ask cloud code to set up this for us and ask cloud code to set up this for us and ask cloud code to set up this for us and you just need to type set up the you just need to type set up the you just need to type set up the Playwright MCP in this project and we Playwright MCP in this project and we Playwright MCP in this project and we can pass the GitHub link to it. can pass the GitHub link to it. can pass the GitHub link to it. It finished set up the Playwright MCP, It finished set up the Playwright MCP, It finished set up the Playwright MCP, but before we actually ask him to do the but before we actually ask him to do the but before we actually ask him to do the demo, we need to exit our session. And demo, we need to exit our session. And demo, we need to exit our session. And why do we need to do this? Because we why do we need to do this? Because we why do we need to do this? Because we need to create a new session from the need to create a new session from the need to create a new session from the beginning so that it loads the MCP. beginning so that it loads the MCP. beginning so that it loads the MCP. Also, to make sure that everything was Also, to make sure that everything was Also, to make sure that everything was all set up, you can go here on the right all set up, you can go here on the right all set up, you can go here on the right on the folder Playwright MCP and make on the folder Playwright MCP and make on the folder Playwright MCP and make sure that you have this folder sure that you have this folder sure that you have this folder .mcp.json. .mcp.json. .mcp.json. So, let's quit our terminal and let's So, let's quit our terminal and let's So, let's quit our terminal and let's open a new session. You see here already open a new session. You see here already open a new session. You see here already telling us there's a new MCP server telling us there's a new MCP server telling us there's a new MCP server found in this project. So, it's the found in this project. So, it's the found in this project. So, it's the Playwright. It's exactly what we Playwright. It's exactly what we Playwright. It's exactly what we expected. Use this MCP server. So, we expected. Use this MCP server. So, we expected. Use this MCP server. So, we want to use it on this session and we're want to use it on this session and we're want to use it on this session and we're going to tell him exactly the same going to tell him exactly the same going to tell him exactly the same prompt to extract the top five articles, prompt to extract the top five articles, prompt to extract the top five articles, but this time we're going to ask him to but this time we're going to ask him to but this time we're going to ask him to save in a different file so that we can save in a different file so that we can save in a different file so that we can compare later. We see it here is calling compare later. We see it here is calling compare later. We see it here is calling Playwright. So, it opened the browser Playwright. So, it opened the browser Playwright. So, it opened the browser here on the side. We can see it also here on the side. We can see it also here on the side. We can see it also used Chrome, but in this case is using used Chrome, but in this case is using used Chrome, but in this case is using the Playwright MCP to control it. We see the Playwright MCP to control it. We see the Playwright MCP to control it. We see it now navigating to each of the pages. it now navigating to each of the pages. it now navigating to each of the pages. So, it's going out to the Chuck Norris So, it's going out to the Chuck Norris So, it's going out to the Chuck Norris one. So, it's going out to the second one. So, it's going out to the second one. So, it's going out to the second article and we'll see going through all article and we'll see going through all article and we'll see going through all the articles. Can go back to the the articles. Can go back to the the articles. Can go back to the terminal and we can see that all the terminal and we can see that all the terminal and we can see that all the five articles were read and is now five articles were read and is now five articles were read and is now writing the digest that we asked him to writing the digest that we asked him to writing the digest that we asked him to put on the output. So, it completed, is put on the output. So, it completed, is put on the output. So, it completed, is done. We can see the difference in time done. We can see the difference in time done. We can see the difference in time already. It was 2 minutes 38, not to already. It was 2 minutes 38, not to already. It was 2 minutes 38, not to talk about the context that it was used. talk about the context that it was used. talk about the context that it was used. We can go back to the outputs and see We can go back to the outputs and see We can go back to the outputs and see digest playwright and again, we have the digest playwright and again, we have the digest playwright and again, we have the same output as before. We have the five same output as before. We have the five same output as before. We have the five articles with all the fields that we articles with all the fields that we articles with all the fields that we expect, the title, the link and the two expect, the title, the link and the two expect, the title, the link and the two lines summary. Now, let's take a look lines summary. Now, let's take a look lines summary. Now, let's take a look into the last solution, agent browser into the last solution, agent browser into the last solution, agent browser from Vercel. So, for this we're going to from Vercel. So, for this we're going to from Vercel. So, for this we're going to go inside agent browser folder that we go inside agent browser folder that we go inside agent browser folder that we created before and in here, let's clear created before and in here, let's clear created before and in here, let's clear our terminal and let's open Claude. And our terminal and let's open Claude. And our terminal and let's open Claude. And similar as we did to playwright and CP, similar as we did to playwright and CP, similar as we did to playwright and CP, we're going to ask Claude to set up we're going to ask Claude to set up we're going to ask Claude to set up agent browser for us. So, we can just agent browser for us. So, we can just agent browser for us. So, we can just tell him, "Set up agent browser in this tell him, "Set up agent browser in this tell him, "Set up agent browser in this project and add its Claude code skill so project and add its Claude code skill so project and add its Claude code skill so it knows how to use it." One other it knows how to use it." One other it knows how to use it." One other thing, this setup that we're doing for thing, this setup that we're doing for thing, this setup that we're doing for agent browser or playwright and CP, you agent browser or playwright and CP, you agent browser or playwright and CP, you only needed to do once. You don't need only needed to do once. You don't need only needed to do once. You don't need it to every time you're going to ask it to every time you're going to ask it to every time you're going to ask something for him to use these kind of something for him to use these kind of something for him to use these kind of tools to set it up again. So, it tools to set it up again. So, it tools to set it up again. So, it finished the setup and we can look here finished the setup and we can look here finished the setup and we can look here on the right on agent browser folder and on the right on agent browser folder and on the right on agent browser folder and make sure that everything is there. So, make sure that everything is there. So, make sure that everything is there. So, we have our skill, we have our dot we have our skill, we have our dot we have our skill, we have our dot Claude file, we have the skill lock for Claude file, we have the skill lock for Claude file, we have the skill lock for this project, we have the node models. this project, we have the node models. this project, we have the node models. So, everything here is set up for us to So, everything here is set up for us to So, everything here is set up for us to start using agent browser. But before we start using agent browser. But before we start using agent browser. But before we use, we have to close the session and use, we have to close the session and use, we have to close the session and initialize it again. And why is this? Is initialize it again. And why is this? Is initialize it again. And why is this? Is because the skills only loaded when the because the skills only loaded when the because the skills only loaded when the session is initialized. And on the session is initialized. And on the session is initialized. And on the previous session, we didn't have the previous session, we didn't have the previous session, we didn't have the skills yet. Since this solution also skills yet. Since this solution also skills yet. Since this solution also runs in headless mode, we can run the runs in headless mode, we can run the runs in headless mode, we can run the following command, agent browser dash following command, agent browser dash following command, agent browser dash what starts. You can do this on the what starts. You can do this on the what starts. You can do this on the terminal, but you can do it also here terminal, but you can do it also here terminal, but you can do it also here directly and it will open the Chrome directly and it will open the Chrome directly and it will open the Chrome browser that we can see the live browser that we can see the live browser that we can see the live interaction of it running. You don't interaction of it running. You don't interaction of it running. You don't need to run this, but it's just for us need to run this, but it's just for us need to run this, but it's just for us visually to see what's going on. We can visually to see what's going on. We can visually to see what's going on. We can see it's loading the skill, so it knows see it's loading the skill, so it knows see it's loading the skill, so it knows what this agent browser dash what starts what this agent browser dash what starts what this agent browser dash what starts is and we see it here is running the is and we see it here is running the is and we see it here is running the command and then we have it open on command and then we have it open on command and then we have it open on localhost 4848 port. We're going to open localhost 4848 port. We're going to open localhost 4848 port. We're going to open this dashboard preview here on the this dashboard preview here on the this dashboard preview here on the right, so So, go to localhost 4848 and right, so So, go to localhost 4848 and right, so So, go to localhost 4848 and we can see that we have nothing. We have we can see that we have nothing. We have we can see that we have nothing. We have no sessions, as expected, because we no sessions, as expected, because we no sessions, as expected, because we didn't start using it yet. We go back to didn't start using it yet. We go back to didn't start using it yet. We go back to our terminal, and again, we tell the our terminal, and again, we tell the our terminal, and again, we tell the same prompt to go on this page, get the same prompt to go on this page, get the same prompt to go on this page, get the top five articles, and save the output top five articles, and save the output top five articles, and save the output on the outputs folder. Let's take a look on the outputs folder. Let's take a look on the outputs folder. Let's take a look in what's going on here on the right on in what's going on here on the right on in what's going on here on the right on the agent browser dashboard that you can the agent browser dashboard that you can the agent browser dashboard that you can see what's going on. Again, this see what's going on. Again, this see what's going on. Again, this dashboard it's not needed. It's just for dashboard it's not needed. It's just for dashboard it's not needed. It's just for visual purposes. visual purposes. visual purposes. We see it now opening the page here on We see it now opening the page here on We see it now opening the page here on the right. We see it now going on the the right. We see it now going on the the right. We see it now going on the first page, the Chuck Norris one. It's first page, the Chuck Norris one. It's first page, the Chuck Norris one. It's going to go to the next ones after. So, going to go to the next ones after. So, going to go to the next ones after. So, we see here the second one, and we're we see here the second one, and we're we see here the second one, and we're going to see the next ones. We see it going to see the next ones. We see it going to see the next ones. We see it now saying that it has everything it now saying that it has everything it now saying that it has everything it needs, so it already got all the needs, so it already got all the needs, so it already got all the information from the page and is writing information from the page and is writing information from the page and is writing the output that I just. So, we see here the output that I just. So, we see here the output that I just. So, we see here the session was closed. Let's go back to the session was closed. Let's go back to the session was closed. Let's go back to VS Code. We see that it finished, and VS Code. We see that it finished, and VS Code. We see that it finished, and that the output was saved there. So, that the output was saved there. So, that the output was saved there. So, let's take a look into it to make sure let's take a look into it to make sure let's take a look into it to make sure that it also worked like the previous that it also worked like the previous that it also worked like the previous ones, and we can confirm that it ones, and we can confirm that it ones, and we can confirm that it extracts the five articles with the same extracts the five articles with the same extracts the five articles with the same fields as the previous ones. As we could fields as the previous ones. As we could fields as the previous ones. As we could see, all of the solutions, so the see, all of the solutions, so the see, all of the solutions, so the extension, Playwright MCP, and Agent extension, Playwright MCP, and Agent extension, Playwright MCP, and Agent Browser got the same information. Some Browser got the same information. Some Browser got the same information. Some of them took a little bit longer with of them took a little bit longer with of them took a little bit longer with some hiccups, but at the end, all of some hiccups, but at the end, all of some hiccups, but at the end, all of them work. What this means is that you them work. What this means is that you them work. What this means is that you should actually pick the tool depending should actually pick the tool depending should actually pick the tool depending on your use case. So, in this case, we on your use case. So, in this case, we on your use case. So, in this case, we didn't need any authentication. We are didn't need any authentication. We are didn't need any authentication. We are not testing our application. We don't not testing our application. We don't not testing our application. We don't need to run it on the server. So, in need to run it on the server. So, in need to run it on the server. So, in this case, the better solution for us to this case, the better solution for us to this case, the better solution for us to use would be the Agent Browser. Because use would be the Agent Browser. Because use would be the Agent Browser. Because if we use the Playwright MCP, we were if we use the Playwright MCP, we were if we use the Playwright MCP, we were going to load all the MCP commands going to load all the MCP commands going to load all the MCP commands related to it. And the extension, it was related to it. And the extension, it was related to it. And the extension, it was actually not needed since it's not so actually not needed since it's not so actually not needed since it's not so efficient as the other two tools. It efficient as the other two tools. It efficient as the other two tools. It ended up taking longer and using a lot ended up taking longer and using a lot ended up taking longer and using a lot more tokens. The prompts, the folder more tokens. The prompts, the folder more tokens. The prompts, the folder setup, and all the links are down in the setup, and all the links are down in the setup, and all the links are down in the description. If you are using any of description. If you are using any of description. If you are using any of these solutions in a way that I didn't these solutions in a way that I didn't these solutions in a way that I didn't cover, let me know down on the comments. cover, let me know down on the comments. cover, let me know down on the comments. I read all of them. If this video helped I read all of them. If this video helped I read all of them. If this video helped you pick the solution, subscribe. It you pick the solution, subscribe. It you pick the solution, subscribe. It tells me to make more of this, and I'll tells me to make more of this, and I'll tells me to make more of this, and I'll see you on the next one.
