Last week, Google finally put Gemini in Last week, Google finally put Gemini in Last week, Google finally put Gemini in the command line, allowing you to hand the command line, allowing you to hand the command line, allowing you to hand total control of your machine over to total control of your machine over to total control of your machine over to artificial intelligence. It can write artificial intelligence. It can write artificial intelligence. It can write code, create files, execute commands code, create files, execute commands code, create files, execute commands automatically, and do everything else automatically, and do everything else automatically, and do everything else programmers used to get paid for. But programmers used to get paid for. But programmers used to get paid for. But once again, Google has showed up late to once again, Google has showed up late to once again, Google has showed up late to this party because we already have tools this party because we already have tools this party because we already have tools like Claude Code, OpenAI Codeex, Warp, like Claude Code, OpenAI Codeex, Warp, like Claude Code, OpenAI Codeex, Warp, and countless others dominating the and countless others dominating the and countless others dominating the space. But the Gemini CLI is different space. But the Gemini CLI is different space. But the Gemini CLI is different for two key reasons. One, it's the only for two key reasons. One, it's the only for two key reasons. One, it's the only major solution out there that's entirely major solution out there that's entirely major solution out there that's entirely open- source. And two, it's free to use open- source. And two, it's free to use open- source. And two, it's free to use with very generous usage limits. We're with very generous usage limits. We're with very generous usage limits. We're talking a thousand free model requests talking a thousand free model requests talking a thousand free model requests per day to one of the most powerful per day to one of the most powerful per day to one of the most powerful coding models out there. By comparison, coding models out there. By comparison, coding models out there. By comparison, you'd likely need to pay $200 a month you'd likely need to pay $200 a month you'd likely need to pay $200 a month for Claude Pro Max Ultra to generate a for Claude Pro Max Ultra to generate a for Claude Pro Max Ultra to generate a similar amount of slop in your standard similar amount of slop in your standard similar amount of slop in your standard output. But as the old saying goes, you output. But as the old saying goes, you output. But as the old saying goes, you get what you pay for. And in today's get what you pay for. And in today's get what you pay for. And in today's video, we'll find out if the Gemini CLI video, we'll find out if the Gemini CLI video, we'll find out if the Gemini CLI is any good. It is June 30th, 2025 and is any good. It is June 30th, 2025 and is any good. It is June 30th, 2025 and you're watching the code report. As of you're watching the code report. As of you're watching the code report. As of today, Claude Code dominates the vibe today, Claude Code dominates the vibe today, Claude Code dominates the vibe coding CLI space. They were the first coding CLI space. They were the first coding CLI space. They were the first major model provider to create a tool major model provider to create a tool major model provider to create a tool like this and since then it's been like this and since then it's been like this and since then it's been copied by OpenAI and now Gemini and then copied by OpenAI and now Gemini and then copied by OpenAI and now Gemini and then you also have a bunch of third party you also have a bunch of third party you also have a bunch of third party tools that can wrap various models. But tools that can wrap various models. But tools that can wrap various models. But Claude Code has two major problems. Not Claude Code has two major problems. Not Claude Code has two major problems. Not only is it closed source, but it's also only is it closed source, but it's also only is it closed source, but it's also extremely expensive. You'll find tales extremely expensive. You'll find tales extremely expensive. You'll find tales all over the internet of people dropping all over the internet of people dropping all over the internet of people dropping thousands of dollars to vibe code with thousands of dollars to vibe code with thousands of dollars to vibe code with it over a weekend. And the sad reality it over a weekend. And the sad reality it over a weekend. And the sad reality is that 99% of those apps will never go is that 99% of those apps will never go is that 99% of those apps will never go on to recoup their token cost and actual on to recoup their token cost and actual on to recoup their token cost and actual revenue from customers. That's sad, but revenue from customers. That's sad, but revenue from customers. That's sad, but Anthropic also just released a new Anthropic also just released a new Anthropic also just released a new feature that allows you to share your feature that allows you to share your feature that allows you to share your failures with everybody else. When you failures with everybody else. When you failures with everybody else. When you vibe code with Claude, it stores the vibe code with Claude, it stores the vibe code with Claude, it stores the results as artifacts, but now they have results as artifacts, but now they have results as artifacts, but now they have a new thing called artifact space where a new thing called artifact space where a new thing called artifact space where you can host and share your artifacts you can host and share your artifacts you can host and share your artifacts publicly. This means you can fork other publicly. This means you can fork other publicly. This means you can fork other people's slop and modify it with your people's slop and modify it with your people's slop and modify it with your own slop, which will lead to all sorts own slop, which will lead to all sorts own slop, which will lead to all sorts of opportunities to make the world a of opportunities to make the world a of opportunities to make the world a better place. However, if you're too better place. However, if you're too better place. However, if you're too poor to afford Claude, a much better poor to afford Claude, a much better poor to afford Claude, a much better opportunity would be Gemini, which opportunity would be Gemini, which opportunity would be Gemini, which offers a crazy generous thousand model offers a crazy generous thousand model offers a crazy generous thousand model requests per day. To get started, requests per day. To get started, requests per day. To get started, install it with npm and then run the install it with npm and then run the install it with npm and then run the Gemini command. That should bring up a Gemini command. That should bring up a Gemini command. That should bring up a prompt field in your terminal where you prompt field in your terminal where you prompt field in your terminal where you can ask it to start building something can ask it to start building something can ask it to start building something on your machine. My usual test for a new on your machine. My usual test for a new on your machine. My usual test for a new model is to have it build something with model is to have it build something with model is to have it build something with spell 5 and runes. Most models fail at spell 5 and runes. Most models fail at spell 5 and runes. Most models fail at this, but I have seen Gemini succeed in this, but I have seen Gemini succeed in this, but I have seen Gemini succeed in the past, so let's find out if it can do the past, so let's find out if it can do the past, so let's find out if it can do it again. Like other CLI tools, it will it again. Like other CLI tools, it will it again. Like other CLI tools, it will start by building a plan and then it start by building a plan and then it start by building a plan and then it will ask you for permission to execute will ask you for permission to execute will ask you for permission to execute various things on your machine. Like it various things on your machine. Like it various things on your machine. Like it might want to run some commands to might want to run some commands to might want to run some commands to install dependencies or use make dur to install dependencies or use make dur to install dependencies or use make dur to create some new directories. When vibe create some new directories. When vibe create some new directories. When vibe coding, I always make sure to give it coding, I always make sure to give it coding, I always make sure to give it permission to do everything and always permission to do everything and always permission to do everything and always approve changes without reviewing them approve changes without reviewing them approve changes without reviewing them first. When looking at the initial code, first. When looking at the initial code, first. When looking at the initial code, I was happy to see that Gemini actually I was happy to see that Gemini actually I was happy to see that Gemini actually used the new spell rune syntax. And at used the new spell rune syntax. And at used the new spell rune syntax. And at first glance, this code actually looks first glance, this code actually looks first glance, this code actually looks pretty good. I think overall you can get pretty good. I think overall you can get pretty good. I think overall you can get pretty good code quality out of Gemini pretty good code quality out of Gemini pretty good code quality out of Gemini even for spelvel but but it struggled to even for spelvel but but it struggled to even for spelvel but but it struggled to actually get the app running. I let it actually get the app running. I let it actually get the app running. I let it run for about 30 minutes but eventually run for about 30 minutes but eventually run for about 30 minutes but eventually it just got stuck and could never figure it just got stuck and could never figure it just got stuck and could never figure out the solution. It appears to have run out the solution. It appears to have run out the solution. It appears to have run into an issue configuring the build tool into an issue configuring the build tool into an issue configuring the build tool V and I don't blame it because that's V and I don't blame it because that's V and I don't blame it because that's always been the most painful part of always been the most painful part of always been the most painful part of being a web developer. Vit is awesome being a web developer. Vit is awesome being a web developer. Vit is awesome but build tools like Webpack stole my but build tools like Webpack stole my but build tools like Webpack stole my childhood. From there I shut her down childhood. From there I shut her down childhood. From there I shut her down and then restarted it to see if it could and then restarted it to see if it could and then restarted it to see if it could debug its own code and eventually we got debug its own code and eventually we got debug its own code and eventually we got to a full working tic-tac-toe game. to a full working tic-tac-toe game. to a full working tic-tac-toe game. That's pretty cool. But overall, I'd That's pretty cool. But overall, I'd That's pretty cool. But overall, I'd have to say the experience is much have to say the experience is much have to say the experience is much rougher around the edges compared to rougher around the edges compared to rougher around the edges compared to Claude Code and other tools. It's a Claude Code and other tools. It's a Claude Code and other tools. It's a brand new tool, and if Google follows brand new tool, and if Google follows brand new tool, and if Google follows its typical pattern, it'll eventually its typical pattern, it'll eventually its typical pattern, it'll eventually become really good that tons of people become really good that tons of people become really good that tons of people will use it, and then they'll kill it will use it, and then they'll kill it will use it, and then they'll kill it off a few years later. But right now, off a few years later. But right now, off a few years later. But right now, it's definitely a tool you should it's definitely a tool you should it's definitely a tool you should consider using for the price alone. consider using for the price alone. consider using for the price alone. Speaking of which, another awesome tool Speaking of which, another awesome tool Speaking of which, another awesome tool you should know about is MX, the sponsor you should know about is MX, the sponsor you should know about is MX, the sponsor of today's video. If you've ever tried of today's video. If you've ever tried of today's video. If you've ever tried integrating video into an application, integrating video into an application, integrating video into an application, you know it's deceptively easy to get you know it's deceptively easy to get you know it's deceptively easy to get started, but difficult to get right. And started, but difficult to get right. And started, but difficult to get right. And that's where MX comes in. It gives you that's where MX comes in. It gives you that's where MX comes in. It gives you API first video infrastructure that API first video infrastructure that API first video infrastructure that handles hosting, encoding, adaptive bit handles hosting, encoding, adaptive bit handles hosting, encoding, adaptive bit rate streaming, analytics, and even live rate streaming, analytics, and even live rate streaming, analytics, and even live streaming, all through a highly streaming, all through a highly streaming, all through a highly customizable API. And the best part is customizable API. And the best part is customizable API. And the best part is that they now let you upload and store that they now let you upload and store that they now let you upload and store 10 videos and get 100,000 delivery 10 videos and get 100,000 delivery 10 videos and get 100,000 delivery minutes every month, all for free. So minutes every month, all for free. So minutes every month, all for free. So whether you're trying to vibe code a new whether you're trying to vibe code a new whether you're trying to vibe code a new project with awesome video features, or project with awesome video features, or project with awesome video features, or you've already got millions of users you've already got millions of users you've already got millions of users like Typeform or Shopify, MX can help like Typeform or Shopify, MX can help like Typeform or Shopify, MX can help you grow your needs without breaking you grow your needs without breaking you grow your needs without breaking your budget. Try it out for free at your budget. Try it out for free at your budget. Try it out for free at mx.com/fireship mx.com/fireship mx.com/fireship to get an additional $50 in credits. to get an additional $50 in credits. to get an additional $50 in credits. This has been the Code Report. This has been the Code Report. This has been the Code Report. [Music]
