Hello everyone, I'm Sedhartan. In this Hello everyone, I'm Sedhartan. In this Hello everyone, I'm Sedhartan. In this video, let's understand how we can build video, let's understand how we can build video, let's understand how we can build multi- aent system using crew AI. Crew multi- aent system using crew AI. Crew multi- aent system using crew AI. Crew AI is a Python framework that kind of AI is a Python framework that kind of AI is a Python framework that kind of streamlines the way we can build agents. streamlines the way we can build agents. streamlines the way we can build agents. And the very important aspect of crew AI And the very important aspect of crew AI And the very important aspect of crew AI is that you can easily build these is that you can easily build these is that you can easily build these multiple agent system which kind of like multiple agent system which kind of like multiple agent system which kind of like you know does several task and it can you know does several task and it can you know does several task and it can like orchestrate like all those like orchestrate like all those like orchestrate like all those processes between like all the agents processes between like all the agents processes between like all the agents and so on. So in this video we will and so on. So in this video we will and so on. So in this video we will discuss how you can get started with discuss how you can get started with discuss how you can get started with crew AI. So you can install this on your crew AI. So you can install this on your crew AI. So you can install this on your machine and you can you know create some machine and you can you know create some machine and you can you know create some sample agents with their documentation. sample agents with their documentation. sample agents with their documentation. So moving forward we will try to build So moving forward we will try to build So moving forward we will try to build like more complex and advanced agents like more complex and advanced agents like more complex and advanced agents with this. But this video is like with this. But this video is like with this. But this video is like getting started with this and trying to getting started with this and trying to getting started with this and trying to you know create that base agent that you know create that base agent that you know create that base agent that they have given. So let's get started. they have given. So let's get started. they have given. So let's get started. So here for this I'm working on Windows So here for this I'm working on Windows So here for this I'm working on Windows machine but again so they have also have machine but again so they have also have machine but again so they have also have this installation guides for Linux Mac this installation guides for Linux Mac this installation guides for Linux Mac OS as well. So we can do that as well. OS as well. So we can do that as well. OS as well. So we can do that as well. So just go to Google and search for crew So just go to Google and search for crew So just go to Google and search for crew AI. So crew AI installation and if you AI. So crew AI installation and if you AI. So crew AI installation and if you just wanted to know more about this you just wanted to know more about this you just wanted to know more about this you can just go to Google and search crewi can just go to Google and search crewi can just go to Google and search crewi and they have mentioned that it's a and they have mentioned that it's a and they have mentioned that it's a multi- aent platform streamline multi- aent platform streamline multi- aent platform streamline workflows across industries and so on. workflows across industries and so on. workflows across industries and so on. So you can just like go through this in So you can just like go through this in So you can just like go through this in detail if you want to have a more clear detail if you want to have a more clear detail if you want to have a more clear understanding. So it's kind of a understanding. So it's kind of a understanding. So it's kind of a standalone library that we can use in standalone library that we can use in standalone library that we can use in order to build our agents and I feel order to build our agents and I feel order to build our agents and I feel like it's it's kind of much simpler than like it's it's kind of much simpler than like it's it's kind of much simpler than let's say using langraph and other let's say using langraph and other let's say using langraph and other stuff. So, langraph kind of uses a graph stuff. So, langraph kind of uses a graph stuff. So, langraph kind of uses a graph based approach but this is like more of based approach but this is like more of based approach but this is like more of of a different path and especially for of a different path and especially for of a different path and especially for multi- aents like it's kind of like multi- aents like it's kind of like multi- aents like it's kind of like being like much easier. So, let's see being like much easier. So, let's see being like much easier. So, let's see how we can do this. So, in this how we can do this. So, in this how we can do this. So, in this installation you can go to this installation you can go to this installation you can go to this particular site. So, there is also a particular site. So, there is also a particular site. So, there is also a video tutorial but I'll quickly show you video tutorial but I'll quickly show you video tutorial but I'll quickly show you how you can do this. So, here they have how you can do this. So, here they have how you can do this. So, here they have mentioned that the Python version should mentioned that the Python version should mentioned that the Python version should be greater than or equal to 3.10 and be greater than or equal to 3.10 and be greater than or equal to 3.10 and should be less than 3.13. So in my should be less than 3.13. So in my should be less than 3.13. So in my Python my base Python is 3.12 but again Python my base Python is 3.12 but again Python my base Python is 3.12 but again if it's yours is like 3.10 or greater if it's yours is like 3.10 or greater if it's yours is like 3.10 or greater than that then you should be good. So if than that then you should be good. So if than that then you should be good. So if you want to check the version you can you want to check the version you can you want to check the version you can just like uh run this thing Python 3 just like uh run this thing Python 3 just like uh run this thing Python 3 version. So that would give you if not version. So that would give you if not version. So that would give you if not just like run Python and double-end just like run Python and double-end just like run Python and double-end version. So that would give you. So next version. So that would give you. So next version. So that would give you. So next is like we have to download the kind of is like we have to download the kind of is like we have to download the kind of like installation script. So if you are like installation script. So if you are like installation script. So if you are on Mac OS or Linux you would use curl or on Mac OS or Linux you would use curl or on Mac OS or Linux you would use curl or double you get but let's say if we are double you get but let's say if we are double you get but let's say if we are on Windows we have to open partial. So on Windows we have to open partial. So on Windows we have to open partial. So let's say I'll go to search and search let's say I'll go to search and search let's say I'll go to search and search for Windows PowerShell. And here I can for Windows PowerShell. And here I can for Windows PowerShell. And here I can just like run this command. So I'll copy just like run this command. So I'll copy just like run this command. So I'll copy this from here. And now let's put this. this from here. And now let's put this. this from here. And now let's put this. So this is going to download this set So this is going to download this set So this is going to download this set script to you know download this u which script to you know download this u which script to you know download this u which we can use to install we can use to install we can use to install uh okay so it says to add so everything uh okay so it says to add so everything uh okay so it says to add so everything is installed. So ub.exe ubx.exe. we will is installed. So ub.exe ubx.exe. we will is installed. So ub.exe ubx.exe. we will use this to create the quai thing and so use this to create the quai thing and so use this to create the quai thing and so on. So to add C users with local bin to on. So to add C users with local bin to on. So to add C users with local bin to your path either restart your shell or your path either restart your shell or your path either restart your shell or run this particular thing. So what it run this particular thing. So what it run this particular thing. So what it does is like now it it has to add this does is like now it it has to add this does is like now it it has to add this to the path so that we can access this to the path so that we can access this to the path so that we can access this UV thing. Uh you can manually add the UV thing. Uh you can manually add the UV thing. Uh you can manually add the path or you can just like simply close path or you can just like simply close path or you can just like simply close the powershell and and restart it right the powershell and and restart it right the powershell and and restart it right so that would kind of do the work. So as so that would kind of do the work. So as so that would kind of do the work. So as you can see so later we would use this you can see so later we would use this you can see so later we would use this UV tool crew AI to install that. So UV tool crew AI to install that. So UV tool crew AI to install that. So again I'll search for powers shell. So again I'll search for powers shell. So again I'll search for powers shell. So if you don't restart this then you're if you don't restart this then you're if you don't restart this then you're probably going to get an error because probably going to get an error because probably going to get an error because the path is not like saved in the the path is not like saved in the the path is not like saved in the environment variable yet. So we have to environment variable yet. So we have to environment variable yet. So we have to do that and then I'll run this UV tool do that and then I'll run this UV tool do that and then I'll run this UV tool install AI. So that's going to say that install AI. So that's going to say that install AI. So that's going to say that clue AI is already installed. I guess clue AI is already installed. I guess clue AI is already installed. I guess I've already installed it. So it says I've already installed it. So it says I've already installed it. So it says this but if you haven't installed this this but if you haven't installed this this but if you haven't installed this like it's going to do the installation like it's going to do the installation like it's going to do the installation and and again if you're getting any and and again if you're getting any and and again if you're getting any errors right so you can just like add errors right so you can just like add errors right so you can just like add this to make sure that u you know your this to make sure that u you know your this to make sure that u you know your shell is updated with the environment shell is updated with the environment shell is updated with the environment variable path so that's going to say variable path so that's going to say variable path so that's going to say that executable that is already in path that executable that is already in path that executable that is already in path so if it's not in path it's going to add so if it's not in path it's going to add so if it's not in path it's going to add this but again if you restart your shell this but again if you restart your shell this but again if you restart your shell it's going to automatically add that and it's going to automatically add that and it's going to automatically add that and you just have to install this screw AI you just have to install this screw AI you just have to install this screw AI and to make sure that it's installed you and to make sure that it's installed you and to make sure that it's installed you can just like run this u tool list so can just like run this u tool list so can just like run this u tool list so that's going to give you the version So that's going to give you the version So that's going to give you the version So here the version is v here the version is v here the version is v 0.114.0. So prove ai.exe. So this is 0.114.0. So prove ai.exe. So this is 0.114.0. So prove ai.exe. So this is what you have to get. Again if you are what you have to get. Again if you are what you have to get. Again if you are getting any errors with this tool getting any errors with this tool getting any errors with this tool installed just restart your powershell. installed just restart your powershell. installed just restart your powershell. And if you want to update this after And if you want to update this after And if you want to update this after some time just run this command. So that some time just run this command. So that some time just run this command. So that would just like make sure that the you would just like make sure that the you would just like make sure that the you have like the upgraded version of the have like the upgraded version of the have like the upgraded version of the crewi. So so it says that so the package crewi. So so it says that so the package crewi. So so it says that so the package resolved and so okay. So now we can resolved and so okay. So now we can resolved and so okay. So now we can create a project and it's going to create a project and it's going to create a project and it's going to automatically create all those files. So automatically create all those files. So automatically create all those files. So we can just like alter these files in we can just like alter these files in we can just like alter these files in order to build different agents. So order to build different agents. So order to build different agents. So let's see how we can do that. So uh it's let's see how we can do that. So uh it's let's see how we can do that. So uh it's preferable to have a ID. So I'm going to preferable to have a ID. So I'm going to preferable to have a ID. So I'm going to use PyCharm but again you can use VS use PyCharm but again you can use VS use PyCharm but again you can use VS code as well. So that's good good too. code as well. So that's good good too. code as well. So that's good good too. So now I'll open a so here what they So now I'll open a so here what they So now I'll open a so here what they saying is like create a new AI project. saying is like create a new AI project. saying is like create a new AI project. So we recommend using the YAML template So we recommend using the YAML template So we recommend using the YAML template scaffolding for a structured approach to scaffolding for a structured approach to scaffolding for a structured approach to defining agents and task. Here's how to defining agents and task. Here's how to defining agents and task. Here's how to get started. So basically they have kind get started. So basically they have kind get started. So basically they have kind of configured different YAML files where of configured different YAML files where of configured different YAML files where they have given details on like what is they have given details on like what is they have given details on like what is a particular agent is what's the task it a particular agent is what's the task it a particular agent is what's the task it has to do and so on. So all these agents has to do and so on. So all these agents has to do and so on. So all these agents are given specific task and there are are given specific task and there are are given specific task and there are also processes they can follow and and also processes they can follow and and also processes they can follow and and you know the agents can delegate the you know the agents can delegate the you know the agents can delegate the work to the other agents and and it's work to the other agents and and it's work to the other agents and and it's basically orchestration of different basically orchestration of different basically orchestration of different agents to build this like multi- agent agents to build this like multi- agent agents to build this like multi- agent system. So for this we have to create system. So for this we have to create system. So for this we have to create this project so that it creates like all this project so that it creates like all this project so that it creates like all these files and so on. So now what I'll these files and so on. So now what I'll these files and so on. So now what I'll do is I'll let's say this is a folder do is I'll let's say this is a folder do is I'll let's say this is a folder where I want to create this project. So where I want to create this project. So where I want to create this project. So I'll open this thing. I can right click I'll open this thing. I can right click I'll open this thing. I can right click here open this terminal or I can just here open this terminal or I can just here open this terminal or I can just like copy this path. I can put it here. like copy this path. I can put it here. like copy this path. I can put it here. This just like two ways to access this This just like two ways to access this This just like two ways to access this particular thing. Okay to say cd and particular thing. Okay to say cd and particular thing. Okay to say cd and paste this. So now I'm currently in d paste this. So now I'm currently in d paste this. So now I'm currently in d disk work pycharm project or you can disk work pycharm project or you can disk work pycharm project or you can just like close this and right click just like close this and right click just like close this and right click here open in terminal. So this is going here open in terminal. So this is going here open in terminal. So this is going to open your windows partial in this to open your windows partial in this to open your windows partial in this particular directory. So from here I'll particular directory. So from here I'll particular directory. So from here I'll come back here and and copy this crew AI come back here and and copy this crew AI come back here and and copy this crew AI create your project. So it says crew AI create your project. So it says crew AI create your project. So it says crew AI create crew and here let's maybe name create crew and here let's maybe name create crew and here let's maybe name this as crew uh you know getting crew project getting started. Okay. So this is going to started. Okay. So this is going to started. Okay. So this is going to create like all those project files that create like all those project files that create like all those project files that are kind of like listed over here. And are kind of like listed over here. And are kind of like listed over here. And then like we can like see all this and then like we can like see all this and then like we can like see all this and then we can move this to PyCharm and then we can move this to PyCharm and then we can move this to PyCharm and then we can like work from there. So you then we can like work from there. So you then we can like work from there. So you also seeing that you have a g ignore and also seeing that you have a g ignore and also seeing that you have a g ignore and then read me and so on. So if you want then read me and so on. So if you want then read me and so on. So if you want to put this in a uh GitHub directory so to put this in a uh GitHub directory so to put this in a uh GitHub directory so you can like do that as well. So you can you can like do that as well. So you can you can like do that as well. So you can connect it there. So now it asks you for connect it there. So now it asks you for connect it there. So now it asks you for configuration and the other great thing configuration and the other great thing configuration and the other great thing is like you can configure this to use is like you can configure this to use is like you can configure this to use let's say gro or like any other model let's say gro or like any other model let's say gro or like any other model provider. So let's say that you if provider. So let's say that you if provider. So let's say that you if you're using going to use open aa you you're using going to use open aa you you're using going to use open aa you can just like give this open a in the can just like give this open a in the can just like give this open a in the option and it would ask you to give the option and it would ask you to give the option and it would ask you to give the API key anthropic jim or anything. So API key anthropic jim or anything. So API key anthropic jim or anything. So let's say that you you can also use wama let's say that you you can also use wama let's say that you you can also use wama if you have a good GPU and you want to if you have a good GPU and you want to if you have a good GPU and you want to run everything in local you can use run everything in local you can use run everything in local you can use roama. So let's say that I want to use roama. So let's say that I want to use roama. So let's say that I want to use grock. So what I have to do is like to grock. So what I have to do is like to grock. So what I have to do is like to put you can just give let's say that I put you can just give let's say that I put you can just give let's say that I want to use grock. So I can just press want to use grock. So I can just press want to use grock. So I can just press send five. So that's going to give you send five. So that's going to give you send five. So that's going to give you the list of models that's kind of the list of models that's kind of the list of models that's kind of supported for now. Again it's not like supported for now. Again it's not like supported for now. Again it's not like you can use only these models but for you can use only these models but for you can use only these models but for now we can just configure something. So now we can just configure something. So now we can just configure something. So here you can see grog/lama 3.18 billion here you can see grog/lama 3.18 billion here you can see grog/lama 3.18 billion instance 3.170 billion versed. If you go instance 3.170 billion versed. If you go instance 3.170 billion versed. If you go to to to grog and search for grog model so you grog and search for grog model so you grog and search for grog model so you will see the list of models but here we will see the list of models but here we will see the list of models but here we can see that we have this can see that we have this can see that we have this 8.3 8 billion instance but this 8 sorry 8.3 8 billion instance but this 8 sorry 8.3 8 billion instance but this 8 sorry 3.1 70 billion is not present. We only 3.1 70 billion is not present. We only 3.1 70 billion is not present. We only have like this 70 billion version for have like this 70 billion version for have like this 70 billion version for 3.3. So let's say that we give this 3.3. So let's say that we give this 3.3. So let's say that we give this llama 3.18 billion instance. Let's say llama 3.18 billion instance. Let's say llama 3.18 billion instance. Let's say let's see what happens. So basically let's see what happens. So basically let's see what happens. So basically this model has been discontinued from this model has been discontinued from this model has been discontinued from grock as we have the 3.3 billion version grock as we have the 3.3 billion version grock as we have the 3.3 billion version now. But this 3.18 billion instance is now. But this 3.18 billion instance is now. But this 3.18 billion instance is present. But let's say that we choose present. But let's say that we choose present. But let's say that we choose this but this is not available in gro. this but this is not available in gro. this but this is not available in gro. Let's see what's happening. So that's Let's see what's happening. So that's Let's see what's happening. So that's going to throw a error later and I'll going to throw a error later and I'll going to throw a error later and I'll also explain you how you can rectify also explain you how you can rectify also explain you how you can rectify that. So here I'll say two and it's that. So here I'll say two and it's that. So here I'll say two and it's going to ask you for the API key. So going to ask you for the API key. So going to ask you for the API key. So come back to your grog. So we have done come back to your grog. So we have done come back to your grog. So we have done this previously. Uh you know I've this previously. Uh you know I've this previously. Uh you know I've explained like how you can get the gro explained like how you can get the gro explained like how you can get the gro API key. So if you don't know this this API key. So if you don't know this this API key. So if you don't know this this is how you can do this. So just go to is how you can do this. So just go to is how you can do this. So just go to gro and just search for gro and then you gro and just search for gro and then you gro and just search for gro and then you will uh you can just go to this gro will uh you can just go to this gro will uh you can just go to this gro site. You can create a account using site. You can create a account using site. You can create a account using your Google account itself. So like once your Google account itself. So like once your Google account itself. So like once you have created this you can just go to you have created this you can just go to you have created this you can just go to the API key and here you can create a the API key and here you can create a the API key and here you can create a new key. So these are the keys that I've new key. So these are the keys that I've new key. So these are the keys that I've created already and I've kind of used. created already and I've kind of used. created already and I've kind of used. So you can create a new key. I'll So you can create a new key. I'll So you can create a new key. I'll probably name this as um you probably name this as um you probably name this as um you know AI key and submit. So this is going know AI key and submit. So this is going know AI key and submit. So this is going to give me my gro API key. So you can to give me my gro API key. So you can to give me my gro API key. So you can just like save it somewhere safe so that just like save it somewhere safe so that just like save it somewhere safe so that you can use it later. If not like you you can use it later. If not like you you can use it later. If not like you have to uh you know uh create this one have to uh you know uh create this one have to uh you know uh create this one second. Okay. So if if if uh you don't second. Okay. So if if if uh you don't second. Okay. So if if if uh you don't save this you have to you know create save this you have to you know create save this you have to you know create the keys again. you have to like revoke the keys again. you have to like revoke the keys again. you have to like revoke call this thing. So that's that's call this thing. So that's that's call this thing. So that's that's probably something that we don't need. probably something that we don't need. probably something that we don't need. So I'll copy this key to a notepad which So I'll copy this key to a notepad which So I'll copy this key to a notepad which I can save later. And then I'll uh open I can save later. And then I'll uh open I can save later. And then I'll uh open my terminal and paste my API key over my terminal and paste my API key over my terminal and paste my API key over here and press enter. So this is going here and press enter. So this is going here and press enter. So this is going to save this. So it says KPA keys and to save this. So it says KPA keys and to save this. So it says KPA keys and model saved to env. So this is where we model saved to env. So this is where we model saved to env. So this is where we are going to configure the model. So are going to configure the model. So are going to configure the model. So selected model is grock lama 3 and selected model is grock lama 3 and selected model is grock lama 3 and created true project dete. So all these created true project dete. So all these created true project dete. So all these files have been created. So this is files have been created. So this is files have been created. So this is where your API key and your model where your API key and your model where your API key and your model details are kind of saved. Now I can details are kind of saved. Now I can details are kind of saved. Now I can open this folder. So this is what we open this folder. So this is what we open this folder. So this is what we have created right. So we said that have created right. So we said that have created right. So we said that create this project called as group create this project called as group create this project called as group project getting started and that's going project getting started and that's going project getting started and that's going to create this and this is going to have to create this and this is going to have to create this and this is going to have this knowledge src the source code this knowledge src the source code this knowledge src the source code details and within that again you have details and within that again you have details and within that again you have the same project name you have like the same project name you have like the same project name you have like bunch of tools folders and so on. Let's bunch of tools folders and so on. Let's bunch of tools folders and so on. Let's understand like what each of these understand like what each of these understand like what each of these contains and then how you can kind of contains and then how you can kind of contains and then how you can kind of change this to you know create your change this to you know create your change this to you know create your agent or you can run this same agent. So agent or you can run this same agent. So agent or you can run this same agent. So now uh once you're done with this it's now uh once you're done with this it's now uh once you're done with this it's better at to open your PyCharm or some better at to open your PyCharm or some better at to open your PyCharm or some other ID let's say VS code at this other ID let's say VS code at this other ID let's say VS code at this point. So let me open my point. So let me open my point. So let me open my PyCharm and I'm going to say I'm not PyCharm and I'm going to say I'm not PyCharm and I'm going to say I'm not going to create a new project rather I'm going to create a new project rather I'm going to create a new project rather I'm going to say open and then uh uh uh so we have this PyCharm project screw so we have this PyCharm project screw so we have this PyCharm project screw project getting project getting project getting started choose this. So this is a started choose this. So this is a started choose this. So this is a project directory right? So this is the project directory right? So this is the project directory right? So this is the one that the project that we have one that the project that we have one that the project that we have created. So this is going to be our root created. So this is going to be our root created. So this is going to be our root project directory. So you can choose this trust this trust this trust project. Okay. So now you can see uh we project. Okay. So now you can see uh we project. Okay. So now you can see uh we have opened this particular project have opened this particular project have opened this particular project folder the root project directory. So folder the root project directory. So folder the root project directory. So here we have the uh you know read me and here we have the uh you know read me and here we have the uh you know read me and and other stuff and so on. So again and other stuff and so on. So again and other stuff and so on. So again there is also an option to as you can there is also an option to as you can there is also an option to as you can see install UV with pip install and then see install UV with pip install and then see install UV with pip install and then you can do a crew install but again this you can do a crew install but again this you can do a crew install but again this is YAML is like also like a easier is YAML is like also like a easier is YAML is like also like a easier version to do this right so let me close version to do this right so let me close version to do this right so let me close this for now let's see like what's this for now let's see like what's this for now let's see like what's present there and we can also look at present there and we can also look at present there and we can also look at the documentation that they have the documentation that they have the documentation that they have provided so they say that my project is provided so they say that my project is provided so they say that my project is the project that we have created with a the project that we have created with a the project that we have created with a different name so we have a g ignore different name so we have a g ignore different name so we have a g ignore knowledge projectml readme env src and knowledge projectml readme env src and knowledge projectml readme env src and so on so these are like the basically so on so these are like the basically so on so these are like the basically the main files that data. So it says the main files that data. So it says the main files that data. So it says this customize your project. Your this customize your project. Your this customize your project. Your project will contains these essential project will contains these essential project will contains these essential files. So agents doyamel. So this define files. So agents doyamel. So this define files. So agents doyamel. So this define your AI agents and their roles. So let's your AI agents and their roles. So let's your AI agents and their roles. So let's look at this agents.l file and let's see look at this agents.l file and let's see look at this agents.l file and let's see like what it like what it like what it contains. Uh okay I think in this contains. Uh okay I think in this contains. Uh okay I think in this meantime we can set up a okay I think we meantime we can set up a okay I think we meantime we can set up a okay I think we can set up the virtual environment and can set up the virtual environment and can set up the virtual environment and the python later. So the great thing the python later. So the great thing the python later. So the great thing about this is like when you run this about this is like when you run this about this is like when you run this screw in screw thing right. So here you screw in screw thing right. So here you screw in screw thing right. So here you have this screw install and crew run have this screw install and crew run have this screw install and crew run thing. So it automatically creates our thing. So it automatically creates our thing. So it automatically creates our virtual environment in this project virtual environment in this project virtual environment in this project directory. So later we can configure to directory. So later we can configure to directory. So later we can configure to use Python and the libraries in this use Python and the libraries in this use Python and the libraries in this project. I'll explain that maybe a bit project. I'll explain that maybe a bit project. I'll explain that maybe a bit later. So I'll open this src. So it later. So I'll open this src. So it later. So I'll open this src. So it contains a folder called as config and contains a folder called as config and contains a folder called as config and and then it contains two files two and then it contains two files two and then it contains two files two files. One is agents.l and tasks.yamel. files. One is agents.l and tasks.yamel. files. One is agents.l and tasks.yamel. If you open this yaml so these are the If you open this yaml so these are the If you open this yaml so these are the two agents that we have. So in this two agents that we have. So in this two agents that we have. So in this agents uh configuration file one is a agents uh configuration file one is a agents uh configuration file one is a researcher agent and this is like a researcher agent and this is like a researcher agent and this is like a reporting analyst agent. So similarly reporting analyst agent. So similarly reporting analyst agent. So similarly you can add like more agents to this you can add like more agents to this you can add like more agents to this particular YAML files and then your particular YAML files and then your particular YAML files and then your system is going to have like all those system is going to have like all those system is going to have like all those different agents and and it's going to different agents and and it's going to different agents and and it's going to give do the task that it has been given give do the task that it has been given give do the task that it has been given to. So the role is like senior data to. So the role is like senior data to. So the role is like senior data researcher topic comes from a different researcher topic comes from a different researcher topic comes from a different place. I'll explain you about this topic place. I'll explain you about this topic place. I'll explain you about this topic a bit later. So let's say that the first a bit later. So let's say that the first a bit later. So let's say that the first agent what it does is is it's a senior agent what it does is is it's a senior agent what it does is is it's a senior data researcher and the goal or what's data researcher and the goal or what's data researcher and the goal or what's the task it has to do is like uncover the task it has to do is like uncover the task it has to do is like uncover cutting edge developments in a specific cutting edge developments in a specific cutting edge developments in a specific topic. So this agent is a senior data topic. So this agent is a senior data topic. So this agent is a senior data researcher in a specific topic. Let's researcher in a specific topic. Let's researcher in a specific topic. Let's say that the topic here is about say that the topic here is about say that the topic here is about generative AI, right? So let's say you generative AI, right? So let's say you generative AI, right? So let's say you can just like replace this topic with can just like replace this topic with can just like replace this topic with that generative AI. You don't have to that generative AI. You don't have to that generative AI. You don't have to replace this manually. You can just replace this manually. You can just replace this manually. You can just think about it. Let's say the topic think about it. Let's say the topic think about it. Let's say the topic stands for generative AI. So it would stands for generative AI. So it would stands for generative AI. So it would sound like generative AI senior data sound like generative AI senior data sound like generative AI senior data researcher and your goal is to uncover researcher and your goal is to uncover researcher and your goal is to uncover cutting edge developments in generative cutting edge developments in generative cutting edge developments in generative AI. So and every researcher sorry not AI. So and every researcher sorry not AI. So and every researcher sorry not every researcher every agent has a role every researcher every agent has a role every researcher every agent has a role a goal and a backstory. So backstory a goal and a backstory. So backstory a goal and a backstory. So backstory here is the agent is a seasoned here is the agent is a seasoned here is the agent is a seasoned researcher with a knack for uncovering researcher with a knack for uncovering researcher with a knack for uncovering the latest development in a topic. In the latest development in a topic. In the latest development in a topic. In this case, let's say the topic is this case, let's say the topic is this case, let's say the topic is generative AI known for your ability to generative AI known for your ability to generative AI known for your ability to find the most relevant information find the most relevant information find the most relevant information presented in a clear and concise manner. presented in a clear and concise manner. presented in a clear and concise manner. So basically what it's going to do is So basically what it's going to do is So basically what it's going to do is given a topic, it's going to search for given a topic, it's going to search for given a topic, it's going to search for all the recent developments that it has all the recent developments that it has all the recent developments that it has been like happening and it's going to been like happening and it's going to been like happening and it's going to present in a proper uh you know clear present in a proper uh you know clear present in a proper uh you know clear and concise manner and then we have a and concise manner and then we have a and concise manner and then we have a reporting analyst. Let's say the topic reporting analyst. Let's say the topic reporting analyst. Let's say the topic here as well is the generative A. So here as well is the generative A. So here as well is the generative A. So this is like a generative AI reporting this is like a generative AI reporting this is like a generative AI reporting analyst. So the goal of this particular analyst. So the goal of this particular analyst. So the goal of this particular agent is create detailed reports based agent is create detailed reports based agent is create detailed reports based on a topic. Let's say create detailed on a topic. Let's say create detailed on a topic. Let's say create detailed reports based on generative AI data reports based on generative AI data reports based on generative AI data analytics and research findings. So it's analytics and research findings. So it's analytics and research findings. So it's going to do a lot of you know reports going to do a lot of you know reports going to do a lot of you know reports based on like what the researcher does. based on like what the researcher does. based on like what the researcher does. So basically like these two agents work So basically like these two agents work So basically like these two agents work together. So first the researchers try together. So first the researchers try together. So first the researchers try to find like all the things that are to find like all the things that are to find like all the things that are happening currently and this passes this happening currently and this passes this happening currently and this passes this information to the reporting analyst and information to the reporting analyst and information to the reporting analyst and based on like looking at this based on like looking at this based on like looking at this information the reporting analyst is information the reporting analyst is information the reporting analyst is going to clear a proper data analyze and going to clear a proper data analyze and going to clear a proper data analyze and research report and the backstory is you research report and the backstory is you research report and the backstory is you are a meticulous analyst with a key keen are a meticulous analyst with a key keen are a meticulous analyst with a key keen eye for detail. You are known for your eye for detail. You are known for your eye for detail. You are known for your ability to turn complex data into clear ability to turn complex data into clear ability to turn complex data into clear concise report making it easy for others concise report making it easy for others concise report making it easy for others to understand and act upon the to understand and act upon the to understand and act upon the information you provide. So this is how information you provide. So this is how information you provide. So this is how these two agents work. So you have a these two agents work. So you have a these two agents work. So you have a researcher agents that main goal is to researcher agents that main goal is to researcher agents that main goal is to kind of find what's happening in a kind of find what's happening in a kind of find what's happening in a particular topic in a particular domain particular topic in a particular domain particular topic in a particular domain and a reporting analyst creates a report and a reporting analyst creates a report and a reporting analyst creates a report for that. And now if you go to this for that. And now if you go to this for that. And now if you go to this tasks right so we have research task and tasks right so we have research task and tasks right so we have research task and the reporting task like the task the reporting task like the task the reporting task like the task corresponding to the researcher as well corresponding to the researcher as well corresponding to the researcher as well as the reporting analyst like for the as the reporting analyst like for the as the reporting analyst like for the two agents. So again every agent has a two agents. So again every agent has a two agents. So again every agent has a task associated to this as well. So what task associated to this as well. So what task associated to this as well. So what the description says is for this task the description says is for this task the description says is for this task conduct a thorough research about a conduct a thorough research about a conduct a thorough research about a topic. So this topic again is topic. So this topic again is topic. So this topic again is configurable. So you don't have to give configurable. So you don't have to give configurable. So you don't have to give the topic in this YAML file. So rather the topic in this YAML file. So rather the topic in this YAML file. So rather we can we can change the topic that we we can we can change the topic that we we can we can change the topic that we can want to give to the agent in the can want to give to the agent in the can want to give to the agent in the code and it's going to like do the code and it's going to like do the code and it's going to like do the research on that. So conduct a thorough research on that. So conduct a thorough research on that. So conduct a thorough research about a given topic. Make sure research about a given topic. Make sure research about a given topic. Make sure you find any interesting and relevant you find any interesting and relevant you find any interesting and relevant information given the current year is information given the current year is information given the current year is this year. So what we would do is in the this year. So what we would do is in the this year. So what we would do is in the code whatever you are seeing within this code whatever you are seeing within this code whatever you are seeing within this curly braces are configurable. So that's curly braces are configurable. So that's curly braces are configurable. So that's why we have that over here. So think why we have that over here. So think why we have that over here. So think about these as variables. So first about these as variables. So first about these as variables. So first variable is topic and the other variable variable is topic and the other variable variable is topic and the other variable is current year. So from the code we is current year. So from the code we is current year. So from the code we give a topic a domain or something. It's give a topic a domain or something. It's give a topic a domain or something. It's going to do a research about it and we going to do a research about it and we going to do a research about it and we say that current year is 2025. Let's say say that current year is 2025. Let's say say that current year is 2025. Let's say that's the input. So it's going to try that's the input. So it's going to try that's the input. So it's going to try to find what are all the recent to find what are all the recent to find what are all the recent advancement that's happening in that advancement that's happening in that advancement that's happening in that domain in that particular year. The domain in that particular year. The domain in that particular year. The current year that we are going to current year that we are going to current year that we are going to provide and we can also mention like provide and we can also mention like provide and we can also mention like what's the expected output that we are what's the expected output that we are what's the expected output that we are looking at right? So a list with 10 looking at right? So a list with 10 looking at right? So a list with 10 bullet points of the most relevant bullet points of the most relevant bullet points of the most relevant information about the given topic. So information about the given topic. So information about the given topic. So the agent is researcher. So here you the agent is researcher. So here you the agent is researcher. So here you have to mention the exact names of the have to mention the exact names of the have to mention the exact names of the agents that you have in your agents that you have in your agents that you have in your agents.yamel file and then you have agents.yamel file and then you have agents.yamel file and then you have reporting task. So similarly for reporting task. So similarly for reporting task. So similarly for research task you have a task for the research task you have a task for the research task you have a task for the reporting analyst. So all these are like reporting analyst. So all these are like reporting analyst. So all these are like proper syntax you have to follow just so proper syntax you have to follow just so proper syntax you have to follow just so that your code is configured to use this that your code is configured to use this that your code is configured to use this you know format. So you can just like you know format. So you can just like you know format. So you can just like follow this. You don't have to change follow this. You don't have to change follow this. You don't have to change these stuff. You can just change the these stuff. You can just change the these stuff. You can just change the description like how you want the description like how you want the description like how you want the output. The agents instead of researcher output. The agents instead of researcher output. The agents instead of researcher and reporting analyst. You can also have and reporting analyst. You can also have and reporting analyst. You can also have like different agents or along with this like different agents or along with this like different agents or along with this you can add like more agents as well. So you can add like more agents as well. So you can add like more agents as well. So a description or the task description of a description or the task description of a description or the task description of a reporting analyst is the reporting a reporting analyst is the reporting a reporting analyst is the reporting task is review the context you got which task is review the context you got which task is review the context you got which is from this research task. So review is from this research task. So review is from this research task. So review the context you got and expand each the context you got and expand each the context you got and expand each topic into a full section for a report. topic into a full section for a report. topic into a full section for a report. So if it gives you let's say 10 bullet So if it gives you let's say 10 bullet So if it gives you let's say 10 bullet points it's going to like expand each of points it's going to like expand each of points it's going to like expand each of this top topic into into you know proper this top topic into into you know proper this top topic into into you know proper stuff and it's going to build a report stuff and it's going to build a report stuff and it's going to build a report out of this. Make sure the report is out of this. Make sure the report is out of this. Make sure the report is detailed and contains any and all detailed and contains any and all detailed and contains any and all relevant information and the expected relevant information and the expected relevant information and the expected output is a fullyfledged report with the output is a fullyfledged report with the output is a fullyfledged report with the main topics each with a full section of main topics each with a full section of main topics each with a full section of information formatted as markdown information formatted as markdown information formatted as markdown without this. So usually when the output without this. So usually when the output without this. So usually when the output is like come with this kind of marker is like come with this kind of marker is like come with this kind of marker towards the end at the start. So we just towards the end at the start. So we just towards the end at the start. So we just say that give it in markdown format so say that give it in markdown format so say that give it in markdown format so that we can later print it somewhere or that we can later print it somewhere or that we can later print it somewhere or save it as a markdown file or something save it as a markdown file or something save it as a markdown file or something and without these formatting thing and and without these formatting thing and and without these formatting thing and for this reporting test the agent is for this reporting test the agent is for this reporting test the agent is reporting analyst. So these are the two reporting analyst. So these are the two reporting analyst. So these are the two main key configuration aspects. One is main key configuration aspects. One is main key configuration aspects. One is your agents.yamel file and your tasks your agents.yamel file and your tasks your agents.yamel file and your tasks YAML file. So if we go back to this A YAML file. So if we go back to this A YAML file. So if we go back to this A right so you can just like alter this right so you can just like alter this right so you can just like alter this define your A agents and their roles. So define your A agents and their roles. So define your A agents and their roles. So if you want the agents to do a different if you want the agents to do a different if you want the agents to do a different stuff you can do this or you can have stuff you can do this or you can have stuff you can do this or you can have like any number of agents there and you like any number of agents there and you like any number of agents there and you can set up like what task each of these can set up like what task each of these can set up like what task each of these agent has to do and that is mapped using agent has to do and that is mapped using agent has to do and that is mapped using this agent thing right because this this agent thing right because this this agent thing right because this agent comes from the agents.yamar file agent comes from the agents.yamar file agent comes from the agents.yamar file that we have. So it's like now the agent that we have. So it's like now the agent that we have. So it's like now the agent knows like what is it task by looking at knows like what is it task by looking at knows like what is it task by looking at this particular this particular this particular thing. We have looked at agent.ml thing. We have looked at agent.ml thing. We have looked at agent.ml task.ml this env is a very key file. If task.ml this env is a very key file. If task.ml this env is a very key file. If you just open this in this root you just open this in this root you just open this in this root directory right root project directory directory right root project directory directory right root project directory you have a file called asenv. So this is you have a file called asenv. So this is you have a file called asenv. So this is where you put your model configuration where you put your model configuration where you put your model configuration all your configur configurable values all your configur configurable values all your configur configurable values and your ap keys secrets and so on. So and your ap keys secrets and so on. So and your ap keys secrets and so on. So here this is our gro ap. But as I said here this is our gro ap. But as I said here this is our gro ap. But as I said this model is kind of discontinued from this model is kind of discontinued from this model is kind of discontinued from grog but let's see what's happening grog but let's see what's happening grog but let's see what's happening there. So this is about this env file there. So this is about this env file there. So this is about this env file and then you have main.py file. So and then you have main.py file. So and then you have main.py file. So project entry point and execution flow. project entry point and execution flow. project entry point and execution flow. So this is the script that you need to So this is the script that you need to So this is the script that you need to run and you want to start this run and you want to start this run and you want to start this application when it's it's kind of what application when it's it's kind of what application when it's it's kind of what the entry point is like that's where the entry point is like that's where the entry point is like that's where your uh you know application process is your uh you know application process is your uh you know application process is going to start. So it's present in this going to start. So it's present in this going to start. So it's present in this src and uh it's present in src and uh it's present in src and uh it's present in this project getting started the name this project getting started the name this project getting started the name that we have given for this project and that we have given for this project and that we have given for this project and it has this mainp file. So here we it has this mainp file. So here we it has this mainp file. So here we mention like all this modules that it mention like all this modules that it mention like all this modules that it has to import. It's okay. It says like has to import. It's okay. It says like has to import. It's okay. It says like it's not uh you know install like it it's not uh you know install like it it's not uh you know install like it gives error but later once we configure gives error but later once we configure gives error but later once we configure the python interpreter like it would the python interpreter like it would the python interpreter like it would work. So just you can ignore this error work. So just you can ignore this error work. So just you can ignore this error for now. So topic this is where we are for now. So topic this is where we are for now. So topic this is where we are passing the inputs right. So here you passing the inputs right. So here you passing the inputs right. So here you saw that for the task we have two inputs saw that for the task we have two inputs saw that for the task we have two inputs topic and current year for agents it's topic and current year for agents it's topic and current year for agents it's like just the topic right? So in this like just the topic right? So in this like just the topic right? So in this main py file you can change the topic. main py file you can change the topic. main py file you can change the topic. current year is kind of like current year is kind of like current year is kind of like automatically detected from the daytime automatically detected from the daytime automatically detected from the daytime module that we have in Python. So this module that we have in Python. So this module that we have in Python. So this is like a pre-installed library in is like a pre-installed library in is like a pre-installed library in Python. So if you run this particular Python. So if you run this particular Python. So if you run this particular thing, it's going to give you our thing, it's going to give you our thing, it's going to give you our current year which is 2025 topic you can current year which is 2025 topic you can current year which is 2025 topic you can change. So the current topic is going to change. So the current topic is going to change. So the current topic is going to be ALM. So the agent is going to be ALM. So the agent is going to be ALM. So the agent is going to research about what's happening. So it's research about what's happening. So it's research about what's happening. So it's going to generate a report and then it's going to generate a report and then it's going to generate a report and then it's going to like call this like train and going to like call this like train and going to like call this like train and and replay test and everything which we and replay test and everything which we and replay test and everything which we can just like look at it later. But can just like look at it later. But can just like look at it later. But again uh this main p is the driver again uh this main p is the driver again uh this main p is the driver script the entry point script and you script the entry point script and you script the entry point script and you can just mention about the topic and can just mention about the topic and can just mention about the topic and currently over here. So at at a later currently over here. So at at a later currently over here. So at at a later point we will alter all these things and point we will alter all these things and point we will alter all these things and and try to kind of create a custom and try to kind of create a custom and try to kind of create a custom multi- aent system but for now let's see multi- aent system but for now let's see multi- aent system but for now let's see like how these entire thing works and like how these entire thing works and like how these entire thing works and and how you can start this multi- aent and how you can start this multi- aent and how you can start this multi- aent system. So that's the goal of for this system. So that's the goal of for this system. So that's the goal of for this video. So that's about this main.py file video. So that's about this main.py file video. So that's about this main.py file and you also have a file called a screw. and you also have a file called a screw. and you also have a file called a screw. py which is crew orchestrator and and py which is crew orchestrator and and py which is crew orchestrator and and and coordination. So that's present over and coordination. So that's present over and coordination. So that's present over here just like the main py file. So it here just like the main py file. So it here just like the main py file. So it says like crew base agent and all those says like crew base agent and all those says like crew base agent and all those stuff. So we have task crew and so on. stuff. So we have task crew and so on. stuff. So we have task crew and so on. Again we will discuss all these things Again we will discuss all these things Again we will discuss all these things about in in the upcoming videos where we about in in the upcoming videos where we about in in the upcoming videos where we will try to understand all these things will try to understand all these things will try to understand all these things and how you can change this. So and how you can change this. So and how you can change this. So basically what happens here is like here basically what happens here is like here basically what happens here is like here we are reading the configurations for we are reading the configurations for we are reading the configurations for the agents and the tags and try trying the agents and the tags and try trying the agents and the tags and try trying to define the agents. So these two are to define the agents. So these two are to define the agents. So these two are agents right? So here we are using this agents right? So here we are using this agents right? So here we are using this decorator agent that we import from decorator agent that we import from decorator agent that we import from here. Uh and then like we are kind of here. Uh and then like we are kind of here. Uh and then like we are kind of like you know adding the researchers and like you know adding the researchers and like you know adding the researchers and and the reporting analyst here and we and the reporting analyst here and we and the reporting analyst here and we also have this task as the decorator. So also have this task as the decorator. So also have this task as the decorator. So this is coming from this crew a project this is coming from this crew a project this is coming from this crew a project uh crew a and crew and task. So now we uh crew a and crew and task. So now we uh crew a and crew and task. So now we add the two task that we have just now add the two task that we have just now add the two task that we have just now seen and so on. So this is what we have seen and so on. So this is what we have seen and so on. So this is what we have and and then the other files includes and and then the other files includes and and then the other files includes like tools directory for custom agent like tools directory for custom agent like tools directory for custom agent tools. So if you are again customizing tools. So if you are again customizing tools. So if you are again customizing this if you are like using different this if you are like using different this if you are like using different tools or like if you want the agents to tools or like if you want the agents to tools or like if you want the agents to use a different tool you could just like use a different tool you could just like use a different tool you could just like alter this. So it says like clear name alter this. So it says like clear name alter this. So it says like clear name of the tool. So you just like give the of the tool. So you just like give the of the tool. So you just like give the name of the tool. Let's say that you are name of the tool. Let's say that you are name of the tool. Let's say that you are building a weather forecast agent you building a weather forecast agent you building a weather forecast agent you would just like give the name of the would just like give the name of the would just like give the name of the tool here like how it should work and tool here like how it should work and tool here like how it should work and all those details about this and the all those details about this and the all those details about this and the description of what the tool does so description of what the tool does so description of what the tool does so that the A or LM knows like which tools that the A or LM knows like which tools that the A or LM knows like which tools to pick. So it's going to look at the to pick. So it's going to look at the to pick. So it's going to look at the name of the tool and the description. name of the tool and the description. name of the tool and the description. Now it knows like you know which tool to Now it knows like you know which tool to Now it knows like you know which tool to use. So you can have like any number of use. So you can have like any number of use. So you can have like any number of tools and the model and the LM and the tools and the model and the LM and the tools and the model and the LM and the agent needs to know like which it has to agent needs to know like which it has to agent needs to know like which it has to use. So it's for that purpose. So we use. So it's for that purpose. So we use. So it's for that purpose. So we have the tools thing and then we have have the tools thing and then we have have the tools thing and then we have knowledge directory for knowledge base. knowledge directory for knowledge base. knowledge directory for knowledge base. If there are any knowledge based on the If there are any knowledge based on the If there are any knowledge based on the context that we have to provide so that context that we have to provide so that context that we have to provide so that comes from here. So here let's say the comes from here. So here let's say the comes from here. So here let's say the username is John do user is an EI username is John do user is an EI username is John do user is an EI engineer user is interested in EI agents engineer user is interested in EI agents engineer user is interested in EI agents and so on. Some some knowledge that the and so on. Some some knowledge that the and so on. Some some knowledge that the we have to give to the you know agents we have to give to the you know agents we have to give to the you know agents before. So all those things you can put before. So all those things you can put before. So all those things you can put it over here. So these are the key files it over here. So these are the key files it over here. So these are the key files that we have. Let me close this custom that we have. Let me close this custom that we have. Let me close this custom tools QA and tools QA and tools QA and main.py and then start by editing agents main.py and then start by editing agents main.py and then start by editing agents attach.l ML define your crew's behavior attach.l ML define your crew's behavior attach.l ML define your crew's behavior keep sensitive information. So first we keep sensitive information. So first we keep sensitive information. So first we will just run with the default code that will just run with the default code that will just run with the default code that flow AI has provided and we we see that flow AI has provided and we we see that flow AI has provided and we we see that how these agents work and in the how these agents work and in the how these agents work and in the upcoming videos as I said we will try to upcoming videos as I said we will try to upcoming videos as I said we will try to alter this and try to make a lot of alter this and try to make a lot of alter this and try to make a lot of changes and see how we can use this for changes and see how we can use this for changes and see how we can use this for like different projects as well create like different projects as well create like different projects as well create basically different agents that's what basically different agents that's what basically different agents that's what we going to do. So once like you are set we going to do. So once like you are set we going to do. So once like you are set with all these things once you cloned with all these things once you cloned with all these things once you cloned the repository or basically built this the repository or basically built this the repository or basically built this project and then once you understand project and then once you understand project and then once you understand like all these files we can just start like all these files we can just start like all these files we can just start this. So run your crew before you can this. So run your crew before you can this. So run your crew before you can run your crew make sure to run this crew run your crew make sure to run this crew run your crew make sure to run this crew AI installed. So copy this and run this AI installed. So copy this and run this AI installed. So copy this and run this open your terminal. So here you can see open your terminal. So here you can see open your terminal. So here you can see I have not created a virtual I have not created a virtual I have not created a virtual environment. So I've just like created environment. So I've just like created environment. So I've just like created the project and I've just like opened the project and I've just like opened the project and I've just like opened the project. So I didn't create a new the project. So I didn't create a new the project. So I didn't create a new project. So it it doesn't have any project. So it it doesn't have any project. So it it doesn't have any virtual environment. So if there was any virtual environment. So if there was any virtual environment. So if there was any virtual environment, it would have virtual environment, it would have virtual environment, it would have created a folder called as venv. We created a folder called as venv. We created a folder called as venv. We didn't do this because when you run the didn't do this because when you run the didn't do this because when you run the screw install and crew run it's already screw install and crew run it's already screw install and crew run it's already it's by itself it's going to create a it's by itself it's going to create a it's by itself it's going to create a virtual environment which we can later virtual environment which we can later virtual environment which we can later use. So run this screw ai install. So let's see what's install. So let's see what's install. So let's see what's happening. So happening. So happening. So using C c Python 3.2.5 interpreter. So using C c Python 3.2.5 interpreter. So using C c Python 3.2.5 interpreter. So that's in my default Python that's in my default Python that's in my default Python installation. So this is where it is and installation. So this is where it is and installation. So this is where it is and it's creating a virtual environment it's creating a virtual environment it's creating a virtual environment inve. So if I just try to refresh this, inve. So if I just try to refresh this, inve. So if I just try to refresh this, right? So reload from disk. Okay, this right? So reload from disk. Okay, this right? So reload from disk. Okay, this has appeared. So this is my virtual has appeared. So this is my virtual has appeared. So this is my virtual environment and all the libraries that environment and all the libraries that environment and all the libraries that this particular script needs is going to this particular script needs is going to this particular script needs is going to be installed in this folder called be installed in this folder called be installed in this folder called aspmbb. So this is the virtual aspmbb. So this is the virtual aspmbb. So this is the virtual environment for this and this python is environment for this and this python is environment for this and this python is from a different project. So later we from a different project. So later we from a different project. So later we can configure this to use this one. So can configure this to use this one. So can configure this to use this one. So now all the libraries that the crew AI now all the libraries that the crew AI now all the libraries that the crew AI needs are kind of installed here. needs are kind of installed here. needs are kind of installed here. Everything is like set in place. But we Everything is like set in place. But we Everything is like set in place. But we need to configure this need to configure this need to configure this Python interpreter. So what I'll do is Python interpreter. So what I'll do is Python interpreter. So what I'll do is you have this Python that you need in you have this Python that you need in you have this Python that you need in this benv and within the scripts you this benv and within the scripts you this benv and within the scripts you have this have this have this python.exe. If you scroll through python.exe. If you scroll through python.exe. If you scroll through here, right? So this is where we have to here, right? So this is where we have to here, right? So this is where we have to point it to. So point the interpreter. point it to. So point the interpreter. point it to. So point the interpreter. So I'll just go to this. You can just So I'll just go to this. You can just So I'll just go to this. You can just click on on this interpreter and you can click on on this interpreter and you can click on on this interpreter and you can say add new interpreter add local say add new interpreter add local say add new interpreter add local interpreter and here instead of creating interpreter and here instead of creating interpreter and here instead of creating a new one you can say existing virtual a new one you can say existing virtual a new one you can say existing virtual environment. So you have to choose environment. So you have to choose environment. So you have to choose virtual environment environment and then virtual environment environment and then virtual environment environment and then you can mention like where you want to you can mention like where you want to you can mention like where you want to add this. So it should be in AI projects add this. So it should be in AI projects add this. So it should be in AI projects getting created that we have add go to getting created that we have add go to getting created that we have add go to venv go to scripts and finally scroll to venv go to scripts and finally scroll to venv go to scripts and finally scroll to the the the python.exe that we add. So that's right python.exe that we add. So that's right python.exe that we add. So that's right here right and click on okay. So this is here right and click on okay. So this is here right and click on okay. So this is going to configure to use that going to configure to use that going to configure to use that v.v project getting started. So you can v.v project getting started. So you can v.v project getting started. So you can open this terminal. You can clear open this terminal. You can clear open this terminal. You can clear everything and you can activate this by everything and you can activate this by everything and you can activate this by saying venv/cripts /activate. So the things are venv/cripts /activate. So the things are venv/cripts /activate. So the things are pretty similar in like other os like pretty similar in like other os like pretty similar in like other os like Ubuntu or Mac OS as well. Just these Ubuntu or Mac OS as well. Just these Ubuntu or Mac OS as well. Just these smaller commands changes but yeah it smaller commands changes but yeah it smaller commands changes but yeah it should be pretty similar. So when I run should be pretty similar. So when I run should be pretty similar. So when I run this currently it's in PowerShell. When this currently it's in PowerShell. When this currently it's in PowerShell. When I run this it's going to activate the I run this it's going to activate the I run this it's going to activate the virtual environment. So this is the name virtual environment. So this is the name virtual environment. So this is the name of the virtual environment. So crew of the virtual environment. So crew of the virtual environment. So crew project getting started. If you just do project getting started. If you just do project getting started. If you just do a pip list, it's going to list all the a pip list, it's going to list all the a pip list, it's going to list all the libraries that has libraries that has libraries that has installed right now you don't see those installed right now you don't see those installed right now you don't see those errors on the you know the things and so errors on the you know the things and so errors on the you know the things and so on because we have configured it. So on because we have configured it. So on because we have configured it. So project getting started uh virtual project getting started uh virtual project getting started uh virtual environment within that we have this environment within that we have this environment within that we have this screw and so on which is basically screw and so on which is basically screw and so on which is basically within the source you have this right within the source you have this right within the source you have this right src you have this pro getting started src you have this pro getting started src you have this pro getting started and so on. So everything is in place. So and so on. So everything is in place. So and so on. So everything is in place. So this is how you can add this this is how you can add this this is how you can add this interpreter. Now come back here. Uh interpreter. Now come back here. Uh interpreter. Now come back here. Uh let's say if if you want to add some let's say if if you want to add some let's say if if you want to add some other packages as we have already other packages as we have already other packages as we have already configured it, you can just like go to configured it, you can just like go to configured it, you can just like go to this terminal and say pip install. Let's this terminal and say pip install. Let's this terminal and say pip install. Let's say you want to install pandas for a say you want to install pandas for a say you want to install pandas for a data frame agent. You can say pip data frame agent. You can say pip data frame agent. You can say pip install pandas or or you can also run uv install pandas or or you can also run uv install pandas or or you can also run uv add pandas like other packages of your add pandas like other packages of your add pandas like other packages of your choice like you can you can do that as choice like you can you can do that as choice like you can you can do that as well. So finally to start this thing you well. So finally to start this thing you well. So finally to start this thing you can just say I'll clear this and from can just say I'll clear this and from can just say I'll clear this and from this crew a run. So this is going to this crew a run. So this is going to this crew a run. So this is going to start this. It's going to give the topic start this. It's going to give the topic start this. It's going to give the topic a lm to the two agents at BI the current a lm to the two agents at BI the current a lm to the two agents at BI the current year and then it's going to do its year and then it's going to do its year and then it's going to do its research and and build this report. So research and and build this report. So research and and build this report. So you can see like all these outputs uh in you can see like all these outputs uh in you can see like all these outputs uh in this particular terminal window window. this particular terminal window window. this particular terminal window window. Let's see there is an error. It says the model see there is an error. It says the model see there is an error. It says the model llama 3.170 billion versile has been llama 3.170 billion versile has been llama 3.170 billion versile has been decommissioned and is no longer decommissioned and is no longer decommissioned and is no longer supported. We are we use this because supported. We are we use this because supported. We are we use this because like crew AI said that it has it can like crew AI said that it has it can like crew AI said that it has it can like use this particular drop model but like use this particular drop model but like use this particular drop model but it's not present probably it's not it's not present probably it's not it's not present probably it's not updated in the crew AI site. So the updated in the crew AI site. So the updated in the crew AI site. So the reason I still wanted to go with that reason I still wanted to go with that reason I still wanted to go with that with that is just I can show you how you with that is just I can show you how you with that is just I can show you how you can configure this. All you have to do can configure this. All you have to do can configure this. All you have to do is open your file and and then just like is open your file and and then just like is open your file and and then just like replace it with the model of your replace it with the model of your replace it with the model of your choice. So come back to Grock. Uh come choice. So come back to Grock. Uh come choice. So come back to Grock. Uh come back to Grock models. Go to this production models models. Go to this production models models. Go to this production models section and copy the model of your section and copy the model of your section and copy the model of your choice. Let's say that we want to use choice. Let's say that we want to use choice. Let's say that we want to use llama 3.370 billion instead of 3.1. This llama 3.370 billion instead of 3.1. This llama 3.370 billion instead of 3.1. This is available. So come back to your is available. So come back to your is available. So come back to your project directory. Replace this model project directory. Replace this model project directory. Replace this model name. That is all you have to do. So now name. That is all you have to do. So now name. That is all you have to do. So now it has like the proper model that's it has like the proper model that's it has like the proper model that's available and the AP. So now I'll come available and the AP. So now I'll come available and the AP. So now I'll come back to the terminal clear everything back to the terminal clear everything back to the terminal clear everything and again I'll run this screw AI run. So and again I'll run this screw AI run. So and again I'll run this screw AI run. So now it's going to use that uh model that now it's going to use that uh model that now it's going to use that uh model that we have just now used. Again if you're we have just now used. Again if you're we have just now used. Again if you're using wama you would pull that model using wama you would pull that model using wama you would pull that model from and you can mention it in your from and you can mention it in your from and you can mention it in your file. So that is pretty much file. So that is pretty much file. So that is pretty much it it it hassm project or trying to call. Okay. hassm project or trying to call. Okay. hassm project or trying to call. Okay. So it seems like we have to reconfigure So it seems like we have to reconfigure So it seems like we have to reconfigure this. this. this. So let me go here again So let me go here again So let me go here again and and and say it should it should work this say it should it should work this say it should it should work this way. Okay, maybe it's running from this way. Okay, maybe it's running from this way. Okay, maybe it's running from this virtual environment. It's doing that. virtual environment. It's doing that. virtual environment. It's doing that. Let's let's do one thing. So what I'll Let's let's do one thing. So what I'll Let's let's do one thing. So what I'll do is from here I can say Okay. So we can just like deactivate Okay. So we can just like deactivate Okay. So we can just like deactivate this deactivate the virtual environment. this deactivate the virtual environment. this deactivate the virtual environment. So currently it's in PowerShell because So currently it's in PowerShell because So currently it's in PowerShell because in PowerShell I think we have already in PowerShell I think we have already in PowerShell I think we have already configured this. So we have already configured this. So we have already configured this. So we have already changed the name. So I guess it should changed the name. So I guess it should changed the name. So I guess it should work now. But let's see. A run still says completion for again run still says completion for again run still says completion for again phase inference error occurred while LM phase inference error occurred while LM phase inference error occurred while LM provided not provided use in the you provided not provided use in the you provided not provided use in the you trying to call pass the model. Okay, we trying to call pass the model. Okay, we trying to call pass the model. Okay, we can run this again. Okay. So it was a minor issue. So what Okay. So it was a minor issue. So what Okay. So it was a minor issue. So what happened is like previously it was happened is like previously it was happened is like previously it was mentioned as grock/ llama 3.3. So this mentioned as grock/ llama 3.3. So this mentioned as grock/ llama 3.3. So this is how it knows like who is the provider is how it knows like who is the provider is how it knows like who is the provider like but we just like gave it without like but we just like gave it without like but we just like gave it without this provider. So that's why we are this provider. So that's why we are this provider. So that's why we are getting this issue. So we can just say getting this issue. So we can just say getting this issue. So we can just say that grock/model of our charis because that grock/model of our charis because that grock/model of our charis because we're going to use grock and llama 3.3. we're going to use grock and llama 3.3. we're going to use grock and llama 3.3. So now I guess this should work again. So now I guess this should work again. So now I guess this should work again. And I think it should work in the V and And I think it should work in the V and And I think it should work in the V and V as well. So let's just like activate V as well. So let's just like activate V as well. So let's just like activate the environment itself. We can work here the environment itself. We can work here the environment itself. We can work here and then just like run the screw run. So and then just like run the screw run. So and then just like run the screw run. So hopefully this should run now. Let's see hopefully this should run now. Let's see hopefully this should run now. Let's see if there are any issues we should be if there are any issues we should be if there are any issues we should be able to debug. But able to debug. But able to debug. But yeah, running the crew. Now it's working. And now let's crew. Now it's working. And now let's crew. Now it's working. And now let's try to see like how all these tasks are try to see like how all these tasks are try to see like how all these tasks are happening and then what's the progress happening and then what's the progress happening and then what's the progress of this and so on. this. Yeah. So here of this and so on. this. Yeah. So here of this and so on. this. Yeah. So here you're seeing this output and finally it you're seeing this output and finally it you're seeing this output and finally it says task completed. So let's try to says task completed. So let's try to says task completed. So let's try to understand this output like what we get understand this output like what we get understand this output like what we get from from from here. Okay. here. Okay. here. Okay. So crew execution started. So name is So crew execution started. So name is So crew execution started. So name is crew. We also get a process kind of crew. We also get a process kind of crew. We also get a process kind of unique process ID. So it says this is unique process ID. So it says this is unique process ID. So it says this is the task that it's running. So it's the task that it's running. So it's the task that it's running. So it's executing like two tasks. One is like executing like two tasks. One is like executing like two tasks. One is like the the the uh agent is am senior data researcher. uh agent is am senior data researcher. uh agent is am senior data researcher. So where this basically is coming from So where this basically is coming from So where this basically is coming from is it says status executing test. So in is it says status executing test. So in is it says status executing test. So in this agent llm so we know that the topic this agent llm so we know that the topic this agent llm so we know that the topic that's given in this main py that's given in this main py that's given in this main py file is am right. So what happens is in file is am right. So what happens is in file is am right. So what happens is in this agent the topic is replaced. So now this agent the topic is replaced. So now this agent the topic is replaced. So now it says am senior data researcher. So it says am senior data researcher. So it says am senior data researcher. So status is in progress. So the agent is status is in progress. So the agent is status is in progress. So the agent is senior data researcher task conduct a senior data researcher task conduct a senior data researcher task conduct a thorough research about am. So now this thorough research about am. So now this thorough research about am. So now this comes comes comes from the t the task description. So from the t the task description. So from the t the task description. So research task. So conduct a thorough research task. So conduct a thorough research task. So conduct a thorough research about topic which is ALM. It research about topic which is ALM. It research about topic which is ALM. It has been replaced here. Make sure you has been replaced here. Make sure you has been replaced here. Make sure you find. So it's basically whatever is find. So it's basically whatever is find. So it's basically whatever is given here but the variables have been given here but the variables have been given here but the variables have been replaced. So topic has been replaced by replaced. So topic has been replaced by replaced. So topic has been replaced by ALM and year has been replaced by ALM and year has been replaced by ALM and year has been replaced by 202025 which is given in this main. py 202025 which is given in this main. py 202025 which is given in this main. py file in this inputs right and then you file in this inputs right and then you file in this inputs right and then you also have this uh in progress first like also have this uh in progress first like also have this uh in progress first like executing task and it goes to in executing task and it goes to in executing task and it goes to in progress and you finally see the final progress and you finally see the final progress and you finally see the final answer from the agent a lm data answer from the agent a lm data answer from the agent a lm data researcher so final answer is like the researcher so final answer is like the researcher so final answer is like the current state of the lm 2025 sc like current state of the lm 2025 sc like current state of the lm 2025 sc like like all those output that you are like like all those output that you are like like all those output that you are like expecting so it's kind of gave us like expecting so it's kind of gave us like expecting so it's kind of gave us like all those pointers that we have all those pointers that we have all those pointers that we have asked like all those 10 pointers that we asked like all those 10 pointers that we asked like all those 10 pointers that we have asked and and it's given in this have asked and and it's given in this have asked and and it's given in this task that this is how we expecting the task that this is how we expecting the task that this is how we expecting the output to So this is what you're seeing output to So this is what you're seeing output to So this is what you're seeing and then we have another task for the and then we have another task for the and then we have another task for the second agent and and okay so it says second agent and and okay so it says second agent and and okay so it says like the work of this agent ALM senior like the work of this agent ALM senior like the work of this agent ALM senior data researcher is completed and then we data researcher is completed and then we data researcher is completed and then we have this secondh task that has been have this secondh task that has been have this secondh task that has been like kind of now it's happening so we like kind of now it's happening so we like kind of now it's happening so we have ALM senior data engineer completed have ALM senior data engineer completed have ALM senior data engineer completed and so on the same stuff and finally you and so on the same stuff and finally you and so on the same stuff and finally you have the second task which is dependent have the second task which is dependent have the second task which is dependent on that is am reporting analyst now on that is am reporting analyst now on that is am reporting analyst now again the topic has been replaced with again the topic has been replaced with again the topic has been replaced with the reporting analyst agent So again the the reporting analyst agent So again the the reporting analyst agent So again the task now comes from the task.ml file task now comes from the task.ml file task now comes from the task.ml file review the context for the given topic review the context for the given topic review the context for the given topic and then build your report and the agent and then build your report and the agent and then build your report and the agent ism reporting analyst and the final ism reporting analyst and the final ism reporting analyst and the final answer is like now I can give a great answer is like now I can give a great answer is like now I can give a great answer like for all those you know sub answer like for all those you know sub answer like for all those you know sub field fails for this pointers it's field fails for this pointers it's field fails for this pointers it's trying to build a proper report like a trying to build a proper report like a trying to build a proper report like a detailed report and says like the task detailed report and says like the task detailed report and says like the task has been completed for this reporting has been completed for this reporting has been completed for this reporting analyst as well. So this is how you can analyst as well. So this is how you can analyst as well. So this is how you can have multiple agents doing multiple have multiple agents doing multiple have multiple agents doing multiple stuff. So this is again two simple stuff. So this is again two simple stuff. So this is again two simple agents. One is it's going to do research agents. One is it's going to do research agents. One is it's going to do research let's say on the internet and it's going let's say on the internet and it's going let's say on the internet and it's going to give you the information about a to give you the information about a to give you the information about a particular topic and the second agent is particular topic and the second agent is particular topic and the second agent is going to create a report for this. So going to create a report for this. So going to create a report for this. So now what you can do is like alter what now what you can do is like alter what now what you can do is like alter what the agent has to do. So instead let's the agent has to do. So instead let's the agent has to do. So instead let's say instead of collecting information say instead of collecting information say instead of collecting information you could ask it to collect some you could ask it to collect some you could ask it to collect some different other data. So you can alter different other data. So you can alter different other data. So you can alter the agent description and the task the agent description and the task the agent description and the task description. You can keep all the other description. You can keep all the other description. You can keep all the other stuff as it is and then you can just stuff as it is and then you can just stuff as it is and then you can just alter the topic of your choice and then alter the topic of your choice and then alter the topic of your choice and then it's going to work as we have seen here. it's going to work as we have seen here. it's going to work as we have seen here. So this is how you could use crew a So this is how you could use crew a So this is how you could use crew a again this is with their documentation again this is with their documentation again this is with their documentation with like their base code of how we can with like their base code of how we can with like their base code of how we can run this in the upcoming series of run this in the upcoming series of run this in the upcoming series of videos. Let's see how you could kind of videos. Let's see how you could kind of videos. Let's see how you could kind of customize this to build your own agents. customize this to build your own agents. customize this to build your own agents. So again we will start with like some So again we will start with like some So again we will start with like some documentation that that they have documentation that that they have documentation that that they have provided and later we would try to build provided and later we would try to build provided and later we would try to build our customized models and customized our customized models and customized our customized models and customized agents. So I hope that this is useful to agents. So I hope that this is useful to agents. So I hope that this is useful to you and you you and you you and you probably may have felt that sage and probably may have felt that sage and probably may have felt that sage and stuff is tough and so on but it this stuff is tough and so on but it this stuff is tough and so on but it this kind of makes things much easier and kind of makes things much easier and kind of makes things much easier and it's it's a very good starting point for it's it's a very good starting point for it's it's a very good starting point for you to get into this like cage and tick you to get into this like cage and tick you to get into this like cage and tick space. So you know so let's work our way space. So you know so let's work our way space. So you know so let's work our way through in order to build this complex through in order to build this complex through in order to build this complex and more advanced stuff. So that is all and more advanced stuff. So that is all and more advanced stuff. So that is all from my side and I'll see you in the from my side and I'll see you in the from my side and I'll see you in the next approach. Thanks for watching.
