Hey everybody, my name is Justin and I'm Hey everybody, my name is Justin and I'm Hey everybody, my name is Justin and I'm an applied AI engineer at Inkeep. So we an applied AI engineer at Inkeep. So we an applied AI engineer at Inkeep. So we started as a simple chatbot that wrapped started as a simple chatbot that wrapped started as a simple chatbot that wrapped chat GPT and we've grown that into so chat GPT and we've grown that into so chat GPT and we've grown that into so much more. Um, so at this conference I'm much more. Um, so at this conference I'm much more. Um, so at this conference I'm going to be showing you what we've going to be showing you what we've going to be showing you what we've learned over the past uh two years two learned over the past uh two years two learned over the past uh two years two years and what we've seen when you use years and what we've seen when you use years and what we've seen when you use the AI to really listen to what the the AI to really listen to what the the AI to really listen to what the users are asking your documentation and users are asking your documentation and users are asking your documentation and how that can create a content feedback how that can create a content feedback how that can create a content feedback loop which we've been implementing in loop which we've been implementing in loop which we've been implementing in some of our customers today and that some of our customers today and that some of our customers today and that will be releasing at the end of the will be releasing at the end of the will be releasing at the end of the month. So month. So month. So what do we do at Inkeep? Um, we answer what do we do at Inkeep? Um, we answer what do we do at Inkeep? Um, we answer over a million questions monthly. Uh, over a million questions monthly. Uh, over a million questions monthly. Uh, developer questions about how to use developer questions about how to use developer questions about how to use their products and who trusts us with their products and who trusts us with their products and who trusts us with their voice. Uh, it's like the teams their voice. Uh, it's like the teams their voice. Uh, it's like the teams building the future, anthropic, cursor, building the future, anthropic, cursor, building the future, anthropic, cursor, and post hog. We integrate all of their and post hog. We integrate all of their and post hog. We integrate all of their sources of knowledge across their docs, sources of knowledge across their docs, sources of knowledge across their docs, their blog posts, their support tickets, their blog posts, their support tickets, their blog posts, their support tickets, and we deploy that across anywhere that and we deploy that across anywhere that and we deploy that across anywhere that the users might be interacting with the the users might be interacting with the the users might be interacting with the product, across their docs, their help product, across their docs, their help product, across their docs, their help centers, their apps, and their centers, their apps, and their centers, their apps, and their community. Um we've been yeah we're community. Um we've been yeah we're community. Um we've been yeah we're doing this past two years and we've have doing this past two years and we've have doing this past two years and we've have a lot of experience to show. So that is a lot of experience to show. So that is a lot of experience to show. So that is what Inkeep is. It's a AI platform that what Inkeep is. It's a AI platform that what Inkeep is. It's a AI platform that powers the people that are building the powers the people that are building the powers the people that are building the future. future. future. So um showed hands for those of you that So um showed hands for those of you that So um showed hands for those of you that are that have like a docs platform. How are that have like a docs platform. How are that have like a docs platform. How many of you have Ask AI in your docs? many of you have Ask AI in your docs? many of you have Ask AI in your docs? Okay, it's like half. Should it should Okay, it's like half. Should it should Okay, it's like half. Should it should be it should be more because um Ask AI be it should be more because um Ask AI be it should be more because um Ask AI right now is the norm. developers have right now is the norm. developers have right now is the norm. developers have come to expect an ask AI experience in come to expect an ask AI experience in come to expect an ask AI experience in your docs because they want to go your docs because they want to go your docs because they want to go straight to getting answers to to get straight to getting answers to to get straight to getting answers to to get building. They don't want to navigate building. They don't want to navigate building. They don't want to navigate like a documentation tree and they don't like a documentation tree and they don't like a documentation tree and they don't want to talk to any human unless it's want to talk to any human unless it's want to talk to any human unless it's absolutely necessary. Support sales absolutely necessary. Support sales absolutely necessary. Support sales anybody said and if you think about it anybody said and if you think about it anybody said and if you think about it developers also judge your product based developers also judge your product based developers also judge your product based on how self-s serve it is. if they're on how self-s serve it is. if they're on how self-s serve it is. if they're able to get what they need without able to get what they need without able to get what they need without interfacing with someone else, then it's interfacing with someone else, then it's interfacing with someone else, then it's it's like a sign of a badge of it's like a sign of a badge of it's like a sign of a badge of acceptance if your product is doable or acceptance if your product is doable or acceptance if your product is doable or not. So, um if you don't have SKI, not. So, um if you don't have SKI, not. So, um if you don't have SKI, you're kind of already behind. But you're kind of already behind. But you're kind of already behind. But that's not the point of this that's not the point of this that's not the point of this conversation. It's um what is what is conversation. It's um what is what is conversation. It's um what is what is the future? What is beyond ask AI? And the future? What is beyond ask AI? And the future? What is beyond ask AI? And to start with that, let me share a to start with that, let me share a to start with that, let me share a inconvenient truth that AI is only as inconvenient truth that AI is only as inconvenient truth that AI is only as good as your docs. So in the last Stack good as your docs. So in the last Stack good as your docs. So in the last Stack Overflow survey, uh 41% of developers Overflow survey, uh 41% of developers Overflow survey, uh 41% of developers cited that outdated docs was their main cited that outdated docs was their main cited that outdated docs was their main pain point when interacting with AI pain point when interacting with AI pain point when interacting with AI systems because it only let me show you systems because it only let me show you systems because it only let me show you why. um the AI would read your outdated why. um the AI would read your outdated why. um the AI would read your outdated docs and then it would confidently give docs and then it would confidently give docs and then it would confidently give the wrong answer to your users and the the wrong answer to your users and the the wrong answer to your users and the tragedy there is that your users would tragedy there is that your users would tragedy there is that your users would your developers would lose trust lose your developers would lose trust lose your developers would lose trust lose trust in AI in your products in you. So trust in AI in your products in you. So trust in AI in your products in you. So there is a solution and that's what I'm there is a solution and that's what I'm there is a solution and that's what I'm here to show you with our experience here to show you with our experience here to show you with our experience integrating AI into developer integrating AI into developer integrating AI into developer documentations. documentations. documentations. So the knowledge to fix that problem is So the knowledge to fix that problem is So the knowledge to fix that problem is already there is just not in your docs. already there is just not in your docs. already there is just not in your docs. And let me walk you through uh two And let me walk you through uh two And let me walk you through uh two scenarios. So in like support scenarios. So in like support scenarios. So in like support conversations a developer like hits a conversations a developer like hits a conversations a developer like hits a problem and they create a support ticket problem and they create a support ticket problem and they create a support ticket and then your team solves that support and then your team solves that support and then your team solves that support ticket but it gets trapped. It's like ticket but it gets trapped. It's like ticket but it gets trapped. It's like lost in Slack. It gets buried in Zenesk lost in Slack. It gets buried in Zenesk lost in Slack. It gets buried in Zenesk and it's lost in email threads. Same and it's lost in email threads. Same and it's lost in email threads. Same with your codebase and engineers. the uh with your codebase and engineers. the uh with your codebase and engineers. the uh your engineering team makes a change to your engineering team makes a change to your engineering team makes a change to your product and it's great but it's not your product and it's great but it's not your product and it's great but it's not well publicized and it just stays hidden well publicized and it just stays hidden well publicized and it just stays hidden in the codebase in your PRs. So the in the codebase in your PRs. So the in the codebase in your PRs. So the result is your your your docs never result is your your your docs never result is your your your docs never improve. The same questions keep coming improve. The same questions keep coming improve. The same questions keep coming and your teams keep solving the same and your teams keep solving the same and your teams keep solving the same problems over and over again. problems over and over again. problems over and over again. So what we're doing with AI now is to So what we're doing with AI now is to So what we're doing with AI now is to solve this problem. So same same solve this problem. So same same solve this problem. So same same scenario your developer creates a scenario your developer creates a scenario your developer creates a support ticket your team solves it but support ticket your team solves it but support ticket your team solves it but then AI can then analyze that solve then AI can then analyze that solve then AI can then analyze that solve ticket and create a update to your ticket and create a update to your ticket and create a update to your knowledge base in or FAQ same with knowledge base in or FAQ same with knowledge base in or FAQ same with engineering team it can read the feature engineering team it can read the feature engineering team it can read the feature that was uploaded and create that was uploaded and create that was uploaded and create documentation updates this is something documentation updates this is something documentation updates this is something that we've been implementing in the past that we've been implementing in the past that we've been implementing in the past couple months and I wanted to show you couple months and I wanted to show you couple months and I wanted to show you how it works so you're and and this is how it works so you're and and this is how it works so you're and and this is still like more of like a human in the still like more of like a human in the still like more of like a human in the loop process it's not automatically done loop process it's not automatically done loop process it's not automatically done yet so I'll show you like some of the yet so I'll show you like some of the yet so I'll show you like some of the guardrails that we found going along guardrails that we found going along guardrails that we found going along with this process So there's uh three with this process So there's uh three with this process So there's uh three agents that we've built to handle this agents that we've built to handle this agents that we've built to handle this process of automatic documentation process of automatic documentation process of automatic documentation updates. It's the uh insight finder that updates. It's the uh insight finder that updates. It's the uh insight finder that monitors all the user interactions and monitors all the user interactions and monitors all the user interactions and what is a new source of knowledge. It um what is a new source of knowledge. It um what is a new source of knowledge. It um determines if this is new like does this determines if this is new like does this determines if this is new like does this warrant a documentation update or not. warrant a documentation update or not. warrant a documentation update or not. Um the next one is the content architect Um the next one is the content architect Um the next one is the content architect which takes those insights and figures which takes those insights and figures which takes those insights and figures out where in your documentation to place out where in your documentation to place out where in your documentation to place that update. Is it in the existing docs that update. Is it in the existing docs that update. Is it in the existing docs or maybe it's like a new page or maybe or maybe it's like a new page or maybe or maybe it's like a new page or maybe it's removal of a page if it's something it's removal of a page if it's something it's removal of a page if it's something that got removed. And then the third is that got removed. And then the third is that got removed. And then the third is the smart publisher. It's uh that's what the smart publisher. It's uh that's what the smart publisher. It's uh that's what handles the workflow of routing your handles the workflow of routing your handles the workflow of routing your content for review, approval, and content for review, approval, and content for review, approval, and finally publication. So these three finally publication. So these three finally publication. So these three agents that we've pulled together um agents that we've pulled together um agents that we've pulled together um work as a pipeline and each one has a work as a pipeline and each one has a work as a pipeline and each one has a specific job and passes the information specific job and passes the information specific job and passes the information down the knowledge chain. And I'll show down the knowledge chain. And I'll show down the knowledge chain. And I'll show you how each of those can be built you how each of those can be built you how each of those can be built starting with the insight finder. starting with the insight finder. starting with the insight finder. So the insight finder again it So the insight finder again it So the insight finder again it determines uh the critical question is determines uh the critical question is determines uh the critical question is if this is new information and what it if this is new information and what it if this is new information and what it does is it compares the new information does is it compares the new information does is it compares the new information that it has from the context against that it has from the context against that it has from the context against your existing documentation your support your existing documentation your support your existing documentation your support ticket and if determines if there are ticket and if determines if there are ticket and if determines if there are gaps where your docs are silent or if gaps where your docs are silent or if gaps where your docs are silent or if there's outdated content and to build there's outdated content and to build there's outdated content and to build this today we you just generally need this today we you just generally need this today we you just generally need like to embed your knowledge base into like to embed your knowledge base into like to embed your knowledge base into uh LM embedding. So, OpenAI and lane uh LM embedding. So, OpenAI and lane uh LM embedding. So, OpenAI and lane chain provide these out of the box chain provide these out of the box chain provide these out of the box pretty easily. And then you have to pretty easily. And then you have to pretty easily. And then you have to store those in a vector database. We use store those in a vector database. We use store those in a vector database. We use um we use pine cone or superbase to do um we use pine cone or superbase to do um we use pine cone or superbase to do so. Um and then to compare the new so. Um and then to compare the new so. Um and then to compare the new knowledge against the existing, you'll knowledge against the existing, you'll knowledge against the existing, you'll just need existing um we a vector just need existing um we a vector just need existing um we a vector retrieval algorithm in combination with retrieval algorithm in combination with retrieval algorithm in combination with like claude or GPT4. Uh the key insight like claude or GPT4. Uh the key insight like claude or GPT4. Uh the key insight when building the insight finder is just when building the insight finder is just when building the insight finder is just to make sure that you clearly define the to make sure that you clearly define the to make sure that you clearly define the source of the trigger that started the source of the trigger that started the source of the trigger that started the process. If it's from support tickets, process. If it's from support tickets, process. If it's from support tickets, you just need to make sure that you you just need to make sure that you you just need to make sure that you categorize them for first. If it's chat categorize them for first. If it's chat categorize them for first. If it's chat logs, you just make sure to filter it logs, you just make sure to filter it logs, you just make sure to filter it for the actual question that was asked for the actual question that was asked for the actual question that was asked and and um and relate that directly to and and um and relate that directly to and and um and relate that directly to the answer that was provided. Uh this the answer that was provided. Uh this the answer that was provided. Uh this helps the agent focus on the knowledge helps the agent focus on the knowledge helps the agent focus on the knowledge that matters when it's searching your that matters when it's searching your that matters when it's searching your existing content for for updates. existing content for for updates. existing content for for updates. So with the content architect, uh this So with the content architect, uh this So with the content architect, uh this is where the insight that this is is where the insight that this is is where the insight that this is something that's new becomes actual something that's new becomes actual something that's new becomes actual documentation. uh it first understands documentation. uh it first understands documentation. uh it first understands your existing documentation structure your existing documentation structure your existing documentation structure where knowledge belongs and then your where knowledge belongs and then your where knowledge belongs and then your formatting and then it maps the update formatting and then it maps the update formatting and then it maps the update to the actual page and and goes in to the actual page and and goes in to the actual page and and goes in forward with that. So to build this forward with that. So to build this forward with that. So to build this today you will need to just have like today you will need to just have like today you will need to just have like read access to your content management read access to your content management read access to your content management system or GitHub. We use Nango system or GitHub. We use Nango system or GitHub. We use Nango internally to manage all these different internally to manage all these different internally to manage all these different integrations and making sure the API integrations and making sure the API integrations and making sure the API maps to the right the right downstream maps to the right the right downstream maps to the right the right downstream source. Um and since this is now getting source. Um and since this is now getting source. Um and since this is now getting in more into like multi- aent like in more into like multi- aent like in more into like multi- aent like handoffs, uh we use uh pyantic to create handoffs, uh we use uh pyantic to create handoffs, uh we use uh pyantic to create the agents and like map their output and the agents and like map their output and the agents and like map their output and type script and everything like that and type script and everything like that and type script and everything like that and orchestrate it all with lingraphph. Uh orchestrate it all with lingraphph. Uh orchestrate it all with lingraphph. Uh and the key consideration here is to and the key consideration here is to and the key consideration here is to make sure that you're uh making making make sure that you're uh making making make sure that you're uh making making the right diffs. So we're doing like the right diffs. So we're doing like the right diffs. So we're doing like diffs like a line by line updates to the diffs like a line by line updates to the diffs like a line by line updates to the documentation, not full page outputs documentation, not full page outputs documentation, not full page outputs from each of the agents. uh just just from each of the agents. uh just just from each of the agents. uh just just simpler for the agent to like minimize simpler for the agent to like minimize simpler for the agent to like minimize the context it's needing to update. And the context it's needing to update. And the context it's needing to update. And also another consideration would be to also another consideration would be to also another consideration would be to like since this is like the actual like since this is like the actual like since this is like the actual update that's being considered to run update that's being considered to run update that's being considered to run like multiple agents to have like a like like multiple agents to have like a like like multiple agents to have like a like a multi-core voting system to approve a multi-core voting system to approve a multi-core voting system to approve the the change that's being made. the the change that's being made. the the change that's being made. Then finally is a smart publisher. So Then finally is a smart publisher. So Then finally is a smart publisher. So the smart publisher we created um is the the smart publisher we created um is the the smart publisher we created um is the thing that actually goes and makes the thing that actually goes and makes the thing that actually goes and makes the pull requests and changes to your docs. pull requests and changes to your docs. pull requests and changes to your docs. Uh and the thing that makes it smart is Uh and the thing that makes it smart is Uh and the thing that makes it smart is that it knows your existing workflows of that it knows your existing workflows of that it knows your existing workflows of approval and how to work with that approval and how to work with that approval and how to work with that because it's not going to make it because it's not going to make it because it's not going to make it automatically up to date. You it's still automatically up to date. You it's still automatically up to date. You it's still going to embed in your existing workflow going to embed in your existing workflow going to embed in your existing workflow approval system and store. So to build approval system and store. So to build approval system and store. So to build it today, same Nango implementation, it today, same Nango implementation, it today, same Nango implementation, just make sure it has right access to just make sure it has right access to just make sure it has right access to the same APIs that you are using. And the same APIs that you are using. And the same APIs that you are using. And when you the key insight here is if your when you the key insight here is if your when you the key insight here is if your downstream system doesn't approve or downstream system doesn't approve or downstream system doesn't approve or doesn't enable drafting of content, then doesn't enable drafting of content, then doesn't enable drafting of content, then you just have to figure out like what you just have to figure out like what you just have to figure out like what would the roll back strategy be in the would the roll back strategy be in the would the roll back strategy be in the case that it it does go forth and makes case that it it does go forth and makes case that it it does go forth and makes a mistake. So that's it there. Um a mistake. So that's it there. Um a mistake. So that's it there. Um so we'll see in action. I actually have so we'll see in action. I actually have so we'll see in action. I actually have like a little code snippet of uh actual like a little code snippet of uh actual like a little code snippet of uh actual Slack channel support requests that we Slack channel support requests that we Slack channel support requests that we had at Inkeep and I'll just show you how had at Inkeep and I'll just show you how had at Inkeep and I'll just show you how how exactly the agent might work. So let how exactly the agent might work. So let how exactly the agent might work. So let me share my screen. Okay, I can make it bigger. But um so the I can make it bigger. But um so the I can make it bigger. But um so the actual support actual support actual support question that we received was uh we do question that we received was uh we do question that we received was uh we do all our support in Slack right now. Um all our support in Slack right now. Um all our support in Slack right now. Um but we also integrate with others for but we also integrate with others for but we also integrate with others for our customers. But uh someone had a our customers. But uh someone had a our customers. But uh someone had a question about if it's possible to question about if it's possible to question about if it's possible to update the knowledge base um with um if update the knowledge base um with um if update the knowledge base um with um if we go down, we're going to paste the we go down, we're going to paste the we go down, we're going to paste the whole thing. um if they're wondering if whole thing. um if they're wondering if whole thing. um if they're wondering if they could query a specific source and they could query a specific source and they could query a specific source and get the relevant document chunks. So get the relevant document chunks. So get the relevant document chunks. So they're wondering if they can like use they're wondering if they can like use they're wondering if they can like use the API that we provide to our customers the API that we provide to our customers the API that we provide to our customers to filter the sources that it's to filter the sources that it's to filter the sources that it's considering when answering a customer considering when answering a customer considering when answering a customer question. And then Robert, our CTO, question. And then Robert, our CTO, question. And then Robert, our CTO, answered yes, but this is not answered yes, but this is not answered yes, but this is not documented, but the endpoint is here. So documented, but the endpoint is here. So documented, but the endpoint is here. So then we just need to follow this then we just need to follow this then we just need to follow this endpoint. Um and then they said, cool, endpoint. Um and then they said, cool, endpoint. Um and then they said, cool, I'll try that. So, what I did is I took I'll try that. So, what I did is I took I'll try that. So, what I did is I took this conversation and I placed it in our this conversation and I placed it in our this conversation and I placed it in our um codebase for the um for the entire um codebase for the um for the entire um codebase for the um for the entire agent framework that I've been going agent framework that I've been going agent framework that I've been going over. I'll show you how it works. So, let me restart the script. So, it has the um Slack conversation in So, it has the um Slack conversation in So, it has the um Slack conversation in context. And what it's doing is it's context. And what it's doing is it's context. And what it's doing is it's running a couple of the agents that we running a couple of the agents that we running a couple of the agents that we already like set up um to one fetch like already like set up um to one fetch like already like set up um to one fetch like the context of the conversation and then the context of the conversation and then the context of the conversation and then it's going to also read like that link it's going to also read like that link it's going to also read like that link that the RCTO sent to understand where that the RCTO sent to understand where that the RCTO sent to understand where it might apply the change and what what it might apply the change and what what it might apply the change and what what the change should be. So it's going to the change should be. So it's going to the change should be. So it's going to go through and do that. Um okay. And go through and do that. Um okay. And go through and do that. Um okay. And then it's given us a update describing then it's given us a update describing then it's given us a update describing that this documentation need needs to be that this documentation need needs to be that this documentation need needs to be updated on how to filter requests by updated on how to filter requests by updated on how to filter requests by source ID. Um, and it's giving us a source ID. Um, and it's giving us a source ID. Um, and it's giving us a source of where it's thinking to do the source of where it's thinking to do the source of where it's thinking to do the update in. And since I've run this demo update in. And since I've run this demo update in. And since I've run this demo multiple times before this I know multiple times before this I know multiple times before this I know that that's like the the right source to that that's like the the right source to that that's like the the right source to update for this. So, um, right now I'm update for this. So, um, right now I'm update for this. So, um, right now I'm like doing the role of the router agent. like doing the role of the router agent. like doing the role of the router agent. You would typically have a router agent You would typically have a router agent You would typically have a router agent that assesses the output of each agent that assesses the output of each agent that assesses the output of each agent and like determines if it should move and like determines if it should move and like determines if it should move forward or not. Uh, but for a live demo, forward or not. Uh, but for a live demo, forward or not. Uh, but for a live demo, I'm just proceeding um as the router I'm just proceeding um as the router I'm just proceeding um as the router agent, a human router agent. So now it's agent, a human router agent. So now it's agent, a human router agent. So now it's it understands that this is new it understands that this is new it understands that this is new knowledge that was just the inside knowledge that was just the inside knowledge that was just the inside finder and it's going to figure out what finder and it's going to figure out what finder and it's going to figure out what is the exact changes it needs to make is the exact changes it needs to make is the exact changes it needs to make from the documentation that it just from the documentation that it just from the documentation that it just received. So it's going forth right now received. So it's going forth right now received. So it's going forth right now and it's reading the um that same a uh and it's reading the um that same a uh and it's reading the um that same a uh file about how to do APIs and rag in our file about how to do APIs and rag in our file about how to do APIs and rag in our API and it's running a couple different API and it's running a couple different API and it's running a couple different tools to figure out what the exact tools to figure out what the exact tools to figure out what the exact change should be. Um change should be. Um change should be. Um so it's going forth and it's running. so it's going forth and it's running. so it's going forth and it's running. uh we use clots on it for uh we find uh we use clots on it for uh we find uh we use clots on it for uh we find that this is like the best right now in that this is like the best right now in that this is like the best right now in terms of uh code reviewing and just like terms of uh code reviewing and just like terms of uh code reviewing and just like technical knowledge. So that's a nice technical knowledge. So that's a nice technical knowledge. So that's a nice tip. Um so it's going through it's still tip. Um so it's going through it's still tip. Um so it's going through it's still running. Okay. And it found running. Okay. And it found running. Okay. And it found that it wants to update this source with that it wants to update this source with that it wants to update this source with the following. And just like uh the following. And just like uh the following. And just like uh reviewing it and my knowledge of like reviewing it and my knowledge of like reviewing it and my knowledge of like how the API is formatted, this is this how the API is formatted, this is this how the API is formatted, this is this is pretty correct. So then I'm going to is pretty correct. So then I'm going to is pretty correct. So then I'm going to proceed after it finalizes. proceed after it finalizes. proceed after it finalizes. Um still running a couple tools to still running a couple tools to still running a couple tools to validate. So this is the right to run. And give it a second. Should finish up And give it a second. Should finish up And give it a second. Should finish up soon. soon. soon. So it's just redoing itself because I So it's just redoing itself because I So it's just redoing itself because I found an error real quick. Uh I should found an error real quick. Uh I should found an error real quick. Uh I should should validate sin. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. What else? Yeah. This is how long it takes usually. Yeah. This is how long it takes usually. Yeah. This is how long it takes usually. Uh okay, finally. Uh so it found it. That okay, finally. Uh so it found it. That okay, finally. Uh so it found it. That was like something that was like was like something that was like was like something that was like printing in the logs, but it's the same printing in the logs, but it's the same printing in the logs, but it's the same documentation update. It's saying that documentation update. It's saying that documentation update. It's saying that is we need to include the specific is we need to include the specific is we need to include the specific source and update the documentation with source and update the documentation with source and update the documentation with this. And I say that looks good to go. this. And I say that looks good to go. this. And I say that looks good to go. So then I'm executing the uh smart So then I'm executing the uh smart So then I'm executing the uh smart publisher publisher publisher and it's going to run the GitHub agent and it's going to run the GitHub agent and it's going to run the GitHub agent that we have and it's going to create a that we have and it's going to create a that we have and it's going to create a pull request for the documentation pull request for the documentation pull request for the documentation update that adds that specific source ID update that adds that specific source ID update that adds that specific source ID filtering information in our rag API. So filtering information in our rag API. So filtering information in our rag API. So if we go to our docs, let me If we go to our If we go to our If we go to our docs and then go to our pull requests. docs and then go to our pull requests. docs and then go to our pull requests. Yeah, we can see that Yeah, we can see that Yeah, we can see that this this is the doc writer test that I this this is the doc writer test that I this this is the doc writer test that I showed is commented now like what the showed is commented now like what the showed is commented now like what the changes that were made that is now changes that were made that is now changes that were made that is now adding the filtering by source section adding the filtering by source section adding the filtering by source section to the rag API documentation and so to the rag API documentation and so to the rag API documentation and so forth and it made the actual code forth and it made the actual code forth and it made the actual code changes and uh this respects our changes and uh this respects our changes and uh this respects our existing documentation flow. We existing documentation flow. We existing documentation flow. We generally just like want to open a PR generally just like want to open a PR generally just like want to open a PR and have that approved by a maintainer. and have that approved by a maintainer. and have that approved by a maintainer. So yeah, that's how the um that's how it So yeah, that's how the um that's how it So yeah, that's how the um that's how it would work in in real life. would work in in real life. would work in in real life. Thank you. Yeah. So just wrapping up um two more Yeah. So just wrapping up um two more Yeah. So just wrapping up um two more slides left. If you were thinking about slides left. If you were thinking about slides left. If you were thinking about Yeah. So that's that's just like the the Yeah. So that's that's just like the the Yeah. So that's that's just like the the three flow like so there was three three flow like so there was three three flow like so there was three agents here like insightfinder, the agents here like insightfinder, the agents here like insightfinder, the content architect and the smart content architect and the smart content architect and the smart publisher. Um you can think about using publisher. Um you can think about using publisher. Um you can think about using this in different triggers like a this in different triggers like a this in different triggers like a support ticket that's resolved or maybe support ticket that's resolved or maybe support ticket that's resolved or maybe like a question from your internal sales like a question from your internal sales like a question from your internal sales team. You can trigger this from any like team. You can trigger this from any like team. You can trigger this from any like insight that might be uh like a source insight that might be uh like a source insight that might be uh like a source of knowledge or leaving like a GitHub of knowledge or leaving like a GitHub of knowledge or leaving like a GitHub issue close. And the outputs don't just issue close. And the outputs don't just issue close. And the outputs don't just have to be documentation updates. It have to be documentation updates. It have to be documentation updates. It could be like drafts of blog posts for could be like drafts of blog posts for could be like drafts of blog posts for your marketing site or a video script if your marketing site or a video script if your marketing site or a video script if you run video for your online team or you run video for your online team or you run video for your online team or even social media posts. Um, and it is even social media posts. Um, and it is even social media posts. Um, and it is doesn't just have to be those three doesn't just have to be those three doesn't just have to be those three agents. It could be something that works agents. It could be something that works agents. It could be something that works alongside like outside after the content alongside like outside after the content alongside like outside after the content architect. It could be a style guide architect. It could be a style guide architect. It could be a style guide enforcer that just understands like how enforcer that just understands like how enforcer that just understands like how you like to format your docs or after you like to format your docs or after you like to format your docs or after the uh draft gets updated. Maybe SEO the uh draft gets updated. Maybe SEO the uh draft gets updated. Maybe SEO optimizer. I've seen a couple agents optimizer. I've seen a couple agents optimizer. I've seen a couple agents that are doing this that just that are doing this that just that are doing this that just understands what's like the hot topic of understands what's like the hot topic of understands what's like the hot topic of the week, what might get prioritized if the week, what might get prioritized if the week, what might get prioritized if you include these keywords in your um you include these keywords in your um you include these keywords in your um online uh blog post or even if you have online uh blog post or even if you have online uh blog post or even if you have like multiple um downstream like uh like multiple um downstream like uh like multiple um downstream like uh countries that have different languages countries that have different languages countries that have different languages that they read your docs in, you can that they read your docs in, you can that they read your docs in, you can throw in translation engines on top of throw in translation engines on top of throw in translation engines on top of the output uh to move forward. So um the output uh to move forward. So um the output uh to move forward. So um yeah with that just the knowledge to yeah with that just the knowledge to yeah with that just the knowledge to improve your docs is already already improve your docs is already already improve your docs is already already exists um in your everyday user exists um in your everyday user exists um in your everyday user interactions um and the AI right now is interactions um and the AI right now is interactions um and the AI right now is up to date and is ready to like take up to date and is ready to like take up to date and is ready to like take those interactions and make it those interactions and make it those interactions and make it applicable to your end users. The applicable to your end users. The applicable to your end users. The question is is just are you ready to question is is just are you ready to question is is just are you ready to start experimenting with these changes start experimenting with these changes start experimenting with these changes or not and if you are um just let me or not and if you are um just let me or not and if you are um just let me know. Uh we power these for many many know. Uh we power these for many many know. Uh we power these for many many customers and yeah thank you for every customers and yeah thank you for every customers and yeah thank you for every for um paying attention.
