Millions of people use Microsoft Copilot Millions of people use Microsoft Copilot Millions of people use Microsoft Copilot every single day, but tutorials out every single day, but tutorials out every single day, but tutorials out there are absolutely lacking. Today, I'm there are absolutely lacking. Today, I'm there are absolutely lacking. Today, I'm so excited to be sitting down with so excited to be sitting down with so excited to be sitting down with Sheree Brock. She's trained over 60,000 Sheree Brock. She's trained over 60,000 Sheree Brock. She's trained over 60,000 people how to use Microsoft Copilot. people how to use Microsoft Copilot. people how to use Microsoft Copilot. She's an AI consultant specializing in She's an AI consultant specializing in She's an AI consultant specializing in the C-pilot ecosystem. We're so lucky to the C-pilot ecosystem. We're so lucky to the C-pilot ecosystem. We're so lucky to have her here. I'd love to hear a little have her here. I'd love to hear a little have her here. I'd love to hear a little bit about your background. bit about your background. bit about your background. &gt;&gt; Oh, well, thank you. I've been in the &gt;&gt; Oh, well, thank you. I've been in the &gt;&gt; Oh, well, thank you. I've been in the tech field for a number of years, but I tech field for a number of years, but I tech field for a number of years, but I actually specialize in training. I try actually specialize in training. I try actually specialize in training. I try to break things down and make it easy to break things down and make it easy to break things down and make it easy for people to understand. I've spoken at for people to understand. I've spoken at for people to understand. I've spoken at Microsoft sponsored tech conferences. Microsoft sponsored tech conferences. Microsoft sponsored tech conferences. I've worked for Fortune 500 companies. I've worked for Fortune 500 companies. I've worked for Fortune 500 companies. I've also done consulting and I've done I've also done consulting and I've done I've also done consulting and I've done global AI training. So, there's a lot of global AI training. So, there's a lot of global AI training. So, there's a lot of different things in my wheelhouse, but I different things in my wheelhouse, but I different things in my wheelhouse, but I specialize in making it easy to specialize in making it easy to specialize in making it easy to understand. understand. understand. &gt;&gt; That's awesome. So, what's a preview of &gt;&gt; That's awesome. So, what's a preview of &gt;&gt; That's awesome. So, what's a preview of some of the things we're going to talk some of the things we're going to talk some of the things we're going to talk about throughout this course? about throughout this course? about throughout this course? &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. There's so much. There's so &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. There's so much. There's so &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. There's so much. There's so much. I think the number one hot topic much. I think the number one hot topic much. I think the number one hot topic for everyone is agents. How can I give a for everyone is agents. How can I give a for everyone is agents. How can I give a task and let it get done for me? We know task and let it get done for me? We know task and let it get done for me? We know with AI, we're used to going back and with AI, we're used to going back and with AI, we're used to going back and forth. It's like a partner. You ask it forth. It's like a partner. You ask it forth. It's like a partner. You ask it questions, you refine it. But nowadays, questions, you refine it. But nowadays, questions, you refine it. But nowadays, we're moving into the world of agents. we're moving into the world of agents. we're moving into the world of agents. You're just giving it a task to do and You're just giving it a task to do and You're just giving it a task to do and it's going to automatically do it for it's going to automatically do it for it's going to automatically do it for you. So, you're going to learn about all you. So, you're going to learn about all you. So, you're going to learn about all these agents that do tasks for you. these agents that do tasks for you. these agents that do tasks for you. You're going to learn how to be more You're going to learn how to be more You're going to learn how to be more efficient. For example, with Outlook, efficient. For example, with Outlook, efficient. For example, with Outlook, instead of spending hours having to instead of spending hours having to instead of spending hours having to write emails, respond to emails, write emails, respond to emails, write emails, respond to emails, organize your emails. You're going to organize your emails. You're going to organize your emails. You're going to learn how to just automatically be able learn how to just automatically be able learn how to just automatically be able to do that in a matter of minutes or to do that in a matter of minutes or to do that in a matter of minutes or seconds. You see all these meeting seconds. You see all these meeting seconds. You see all these meeting C-Pilot, you don't need that. It has a C-Pilot, you don't need that. It has a C-Pilot, you don't need that. It has a facilitator agent that will take the facilitator agent that will take the facilitator agent that will take the schedule follow-up meetings. It'll do it schedule follow-up meetings. It'll do it schedule follow-up meetings. It'll do it all. And that's just a few of the things all. And that's just a few of the things all. And that's just a few of the things we'll learn. we'll learn. we'll learn. &gt;&gt; Okay, so let's dive in. So we're going &gt;&gt; Okay, so let's dive in. So we're going &gt;&gt; Okay, so let's dive in. So we're going to start with the homepage and it's to start with the homepage and it's to start with the homepage and it's going to be the hub of all of your work. going to be the hub of all of your work. going to be the hub of all of your work. You're going to realize you can do so You're going to realize you can do so You're going to realize you can do so many things within this Microsoft many things within this Microsoft many things within this Microsoft Copilot homepage. So Sheree, yeah, take Copilot homepage. So Sheree, yeah, take Copilot homepage. So Sheree, yeah, take it from here. All right. I think this it from here. All right. I think this it from here. All right. I think this homepage is just so exciting because so homepage is just so exciting because so homepage is just so exciting because so many people just think it's a place to many people just think it's a place to many people just think it's a place to put in prompts. If you've dealt with any put in prompts. If you've dealt with any put in prompts. If you've dealt with any type of AI before, you're used to a page type of AI before, you're used to a page type of AI before, you're used to a page where you enter in prompts and then you where you enter in prompts and then you where you enter in prompts and then you get an answer. But Microsoft Copilot's get an answer. But Microsoft Copilot's get an answer. But Microsoft Copilot's homepage, you can do so much more. But I homepage, you can do so much more. But I homepage, you can do so much more. But I do want to just start with this box. How do want to just start with this box. How do want to just start with this box. How can I help? It's where you can enter in can I help? It's where you can enter in can I help? It's where you can enter in prompts that you can use later. Not only prompts that you can use later. Not only prompts that you can use later. Not only that, but you have tools. You can call that, but you have tools. You can call that, but you have tools. You can call on different types of agents to help you on different types of agents to help you on different types of agents to help you with your prompts. For example, they've with your prompts. For example, they've with your prompts. For example, they've got the researcher agent, the analyst got the researcher agent, the analyst got the researcher agent, the analyst agent. And if you're thinking, I don't agent. And if you're thinking, I don't agent. And if you're thinking, I don't know what these agents do, don't worry know what these agents do, don't worry know what these agents do, don't worry about it because in the course you're about it because in the course you're about it because in the course you're going to learn all about it. Not only going to learn all about it. Not only going to learn all about it. Not only that, but it has a way that you can say that, but it has a way that you can say that, but it has a way that you can say your words instead of having to type your words instead of having to type your words instead of having to type them. Nowadays, dictation is the newest them. Nowadays, dictation is the newest them. Nowadays, dictation is the newest thing. Nobody wants to have to type thing. Nobody wants to have to type thing. Nobody wants to have to type anymore. They just want to talk. You can anymore. They just want to talk. You can anymore. They just want to talk. You can even have a conversation. All of that's even have a conversation. All of that's even have a conversation. All of that's on the first page. Not only that, it has on the first page. Not only that, it has on the first page. Not only that, it has a prompt gallery. That is pure gold. How a prompt gallery. That is pure gold. How a prompt gallery. That is pure gold. How many people have said, "I don't know how many people have said, "I don't know how many people have said, "I don't know how to write a prompt." How many times have to write a prompt." How many times have to write a prompt." How many times have you seen all these prompt formulas? You you seen all these prompt formulas? You you seen all these prompt formulas? You need to give it an identity. You need to need to give it an identity. You need to need to give it an identity. You need to give it a role. You need to give it a give it a role. You need to give it a give it a role. You need to give it a goal. It goes on and on. If you have goal. It goes on and on. If you have goal. It goes on and on. If you have access to the prompt gallery, all you access to the prompt gallery, all you access to the prompt gallery, all you have to do is drop down here and you're have to do is drop down here and you're have to do is drop down here and you're going to see all these prompts. And going to see all these prompts. And going to see all these prompts. And these prompts are going to actually pull these prompts are going to actually pull these prompts are going to actually pull from your work within Microsoft 365 from your work within Microsoft 365 from your work within Microsoft 365 Copilot. And that's the amazing thing Copilot. And that's the amazing thing Copilot. And that's the amazing thing about Microsoft 365 Copilot. When you're about Microsoft 365 Copilot. When you're about Microsoft 365 Copilot. When you're dealing with chat GBT or something like dealing with chat GBT or something like dealing with chat GBT or something like that, it's just pulling from the that, it's just pulling from the that, it's just pulling from the internet information out there. This is internet information out there. This is internet information out there. This is actually pulling from your files. So, actually pulling from your files. So, actually pulling from your files. So, it'll say, "Help me prepare for a it'll say, "Help me prepare for a it'll say, "Help me prepare for a one-on-one." That will pull up every one-on-one." That will pull up every one-on-one." That will pull up every word file, every meeting, every team's word file, every meeting, every team's word file, every meeting, every team's message that has to do with it. So, message that has to do with it. So, message that has to do with it. So, instead of spending 30 minutes, an hour instead of spending 30 minutes, an hour instead of spending 30 minutes, an hour preparing for a meeting, I can prepare preparing for a meeting, I can prepare preparing for a meeting, I can prepare for a meeting within like 5 seconds. for a meeting within like 5 seconds. for a meeting within like 5 seconds. Maybe find the file that I shared with Maybe find the file that I shared with Maybe find the file that I shared with this person about this topic this person about this topic this person about this topic automatically. So, there's so many automatically. So, there's so many automatically. So, there's so many things you can get from the prompt things you can get from the prompt things you can get from the prompt gallery that are going to help you gallery that are going to help you gallery that are going to help you automatically. That right there is a automatically. That right there is a automatically. That right there is a benefit. Yeah, I love that about the benefit. Yeah, I love that about the benefit. Yeah, I love that about the co-pilot Microsoft ecosystem in general. co-pilot Microsoft ecosystem in general. co-pilot Microsoft ecosystem in general. I've also worked at a large enterprise I've also worked at a large enterprise I've also worked at a large enterprise and that was clearly one of the benefits and that was clearly one of the benefits and that was clearly one of the benefits just that the apps are integrated in just that the apps are integrated in just that the apps are integrated in this ecosystem and communicate with each this ecosystem and communicate with each this ecosystem and communicate with each other because if you're using something other because if you're using something other because if you're using something like chat GPT and you wanted to emulate like chat GPT and you wanted to emulate like chat GPT and you wanted to emulate this kind of behavior, you typically this kind of behavior, you typically this kind of behavior, you typically plug in connectors or something like MCP plug in connectors or something like MCP plug in connectors or something like MCP if you're using claude, right? Just to if you're using claude, right? Just to if you're using claude, right? Just to be able to read your Gmail to just to be be able to read your Gmail to just to be be able to read your Gmail to just to be able to join your meeting, you might able to join your meeting, you might able to join your meeting, you might have a separate tool. So you end up have a separate tool. So you end up have a separate tool. So you end up having like 10 different SAS tools and having like 10 different SAS tools and having like 10 different SAS tools and then you have to do the work connecting then you have to do the work connecting then you have to do the work connecting them and maintaining them and making them and maintaining them and making them and maintaining them and making sure those connections are still stable sure those connections are still stable sure those connections are still stable and working. But here everything is and working. But here everything is and working. But here everything is integrated and so the promise of integrated and so the promise of integrated and so the promise of actually helping you get work done seems actually helping you get work done seems actually helping you get work done seems like it could actually be achievable like it could actually be achievable like it could actually be achievable within Microsoft C-Pilot ecosystem. So within Microsoft C-Pilot ecosystem. So within Microsoft C-Pilot ecosystem. So I'm excited to learn more. I'm excited to learn more. I'm excited to learn more. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a whole new way of working. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a whole new way of working. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a whole new way of working. you're working with these tools handin you're working with these tools handin you're working with these tools handin hand. And if you go up to the corner, it hand. And if you go up to the corner, it hand. And if you go up to the corner, it has where you can schedule prompts. So has where you can schedule prompts. So has where you can schedule prompts. So you can schedule, you could say, for you can schedule, you could say, for you can schedule, you could say, for instance, if there's a prompt that you instance, if there's a prompt that you instance, if there's a prompt that you really like, you can choose to have that really like, you can choose to have that really like, you can choose to have that prompt Monday morning. So Monday prompt Monday morning. So Monday prompt Monday morning. So Monday morning, you could say over the weekend, morning, you could say over the weekend, morning, you could say over the weekend, take all the emails that I've received take all the emails that I've received take all the emails that I've received and put them in order to what's most and put them in order to what's most and put them in order to what's most important. You know, you can you can important. You know, you can you can important. You know, you can you can schedule a prompt and all you have to do schedule a prompt and all you have to do schedule a prompt and all you have to do is input a prompt here and then use it. is input a prompt here and then use it. is input a prompt here and then use it. And once you use it once, you can just And once you use it once, you can just And once you use it once, you can just click on it and schedule it. So that's click on it and schedule it. So that's click on it and schedule it. So that's one of the benefits here. There's also one of the benefits here. There's also one of the benefits here. There's also something called temporary chat. something called temporary chat. something called temporary chat. Temporary chat is great because what it Temporary chat is great because what it Temporary chat is great because what it does is it doesn't put it in your saved does is it doesn't put it in your saved does is it doesn't put it in your saved chat histories and it does not use it to chat histories and it does not use it to chat histories and it does not use it to create memories. So we'll talk about it create memories. So we'll talk about it create memories. So we'll talk about it a little later on, but you can actually a little later on, but you can actually a little later on, but you can actually go into Copilot and you can put in go into Copilot and you can put in go into Copilot and you can put in custom instructions. So it'll it'll help custom instructions. So it'll it'll help custom instructions. So it'll it'll help you better with your work. You could say you better with your work. You could say you better with your work. You could say instructions like I like my feed my instructions like I like my feed my instructions like I like my feed my answers in bullet points or I like you answers in bullet points or I like you answers in bullet points or I like you to break things down in steps. You can to break things down in steps. You can to break things down in steps. You can put all that into custom instructions. put all that into custom instructions. put all that into custom instructions. But what about if you want to do But what about if you want to do But what about if you want to do something with Copilot and you don't something with Copilot and you don't something with Copilot and you don't want it to follow those custom want it to follow those custom want it to follow those custom instructions? Well, instead of having to instructions? Well, instead of having to instructions? Well, instead of having to remember, oh goodness, how do I get remember, oh goodness, how do I get remember, oh goodness, how do I get Copilot not to follow all these custom Copilot not to follow all these custom Copilot not to follow all these custom instructions? You can do a temporary instructions? You can do a temporary instructions? You can do a temporary chat. Maybe you have your custom chat. Maybe you have your custom chat. Maybe you have your custom instructions that you wanted to break instructions that you wanted to break instructions that you wanted to break things down very simply, but for this things down very simply, but for this things down very simply, but for this one time you don't want that. You're one time you don't want that. You're one time you don't want that. You're working on a project and you just want working on a project and you just want working on a project and you just want it very high level. You could do it very high level. You could do it very high level. You could do temporary chat and temporary chat will temporary chat and temporary chat will temporary chat and temporary chat will literally ignore your custom literally ignore your custom literally ignore your custom instructions. A lot of people don't even instructions. A lot of people don't even instructions. A lot of people don't even know that exists. So know that exists. So know that exists. So &gt;&gt; yeah, GPT doesn't have that. Yeah. &gt;&gt; yeah, GPT doesn't have that. Yeah. &gt;&gt; yeah, GPT doesn't have that. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's one really cool thing about &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's one really cool thing about &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's one really cool thing about it. Another thing that we have here is it. Another thing that we have here is it. Another thing that we have here is the different models that you can the different models that you can the different models that you can choose. People a lot of times think that choose. People a lot of times think that choose. People a lot of times think that they'll keep saying, "Well, chat GBT is they'll keep saying, "Well, chat GBT is they'll keep saying, "Well, chat GBT is so much better." The GBT models are so much better." The GBT models are so much better." The GBT models are right here. So, you can get either GBT right here. So, you can get either GBT right here. So, you can get either GBT 5.2 think deeper or GBT 5.2 quick 5.2 think deeper or GBT 5.2 quick 5.2 think deeper or GBT 5.2 quick response. So, it's actually Co-Pilot is response. So, it's actually Co-Pilot is response. So, it's actually Co-Pilot is built on the back of that and most built on the back of that and most built on the back of that and most people don't even understand that. And people don't even understand that. And people don't even understand that. And for the agents that we're going to talk for the agents that we're going to talk for the agents that we're going to talk about a little later, those are actually about a little later, those are actually about a little later, those are actually built on the back end of Claude. So all built on the back end of Claude. So all built on the back end of Claude. So all of that, a lot of that technology is now of that, a lot of that technology is now of that, a lot of that technology is now integrated within Copilot. integrated within Copilot. integrated within Copilot. &gt;&gt; And real quick, what is your practical &gt;&gt; And real quick, what is your practical &gt;&gt; And real quick, what is your practical recommendation for those settings? recommendation for those settings? recommendation for those settings? For me, I always put it on think deeper, For me, I always put it on think deeper, For me, I always put it on think deeper, but that's because I'm someone who does but that's because I'm someone who does but that's because I'm someone who does a lot of deep thinking, intense work. a lot of deep thinking, intense work. a lot of deep thinking, intense work. But I would say for the average person, But I would say for the average person, But I would say for the average person, I think auto's okay. And what I would I I think auto's okay. And what I would I I think auto's okay. And what I would I would advise them to do is just have it would advise them to do is just have it would advise them to do is just have it default to that auto use that and if you default to that auto use that and if you default to that auto use that and if you think it's taking too long then go to think it's taking too long then go to think it's taking too long then go to quick response, quick response, quick response, you know, or if you think the responses you know, or if you think the responses you know, or if you think the responses aren't good enough, then you can go to aren't good enough, then you can go to aren't good enough, then you can go to think deeper. think deeper. think deeper. &gt;&gt; Okay, perfect. &gt;&gt; Okay, perfect. &gt;&gt; Okay, perfect. &gt;&gt; So yeah, that really works out. Then at &gt;&gt; So yeah, that really works out. Then at &gt;&gt; So yeah, that really works out. Then at the top you have web. What web is is the top you have web. What web is is the top you have web. What web is is basically saying, hey, maybe you don't basically saying, hey, maybe you don't basically saying, hey, maybe you don't necessarily want to pull just from your necessarily want to pull just from your necessarily want to pull just from your work data. Maybe you really want to pull work data. Maybe you really want to pull work data. Maybe you really want to pull just from the web and see what's out just from the web and see what's out just from the web and see what's out there on the web. So you get that option there on the web. So you get that option there on the web. So you get that option here or you can toggle it to work. And here or you can toggle it to work. And here or you can toggle it to work. And again, work is really deep getting into again, work is really deep getting into again, work is really deep getting into your one drive, your teams, your your one drive, your teams, your your one drive, your teams, your outlook. It's taking everything in your outlook. It's taking everything in your outlook. It's taking everything in your micro eco your Microsoft ecosystem, micro eco your Microsoft ecosystem, micro eco your Microsoft ecosystem, putting it all together to get answers putting it all together to get answers putting it all together to get answers for you. for you. for you. &gt;&gt; So that's the difference between using &gt;&gt; So that's the difference between using &gt;&gt; So that's the difference between using those two. And real quick, since there those two. And real quick, since there those two. And real quick, since there is a sign on the retention policy, what is a sign on the retention policy, what is a sign on the retention policy, what should people know about their chats should people know about their chats should people know about their chats here? Like, can your company see all of here? Like, can your company see all of here? Like, can your company see all of your chats? Like, what should they know your chats? Like, what should they know your chats? Like, what should they know about that? Yes, your company can. Your about that? Yes, your company can. Your about that? Yes, your company can. Your company actually can. So, I wouldn't put company actually can. So, I wouldn't put company actually can. So, I wouldn't put in anything, you know, that you felt in anything, you know, that you felt in anything, you know, that you felt uncomfortable. What Microsoft is uncomfortable. What Microsoft is uncomfortable. What Microsoft is basically saying is that this data is basically saying is that this data is basically saying is that this data is protected. It's not going to go to the protected. It's not going to go to the protected. It's not going to go to the internet. It's going to pull internet. It's going to pull internet. It's going to pull information, but it's not going to push information, but it's not going to push information, but it's not going to push out information. So, let's say you out information. So, let's say you out information. So, let's say you uploaded some very sensitive company uploaded some very sensitive company uploaded some very sensitive company data that you were working with. Maybe data that you were working with. Maybe data that you were working with. Maybe you were in the HR department. That's you were in the HR department. That's you were in the HR department. That's fine because this is protected. fine because this is protected. fine because this is protected. Microsoft is protecting your enterprise Microsoft is protecting your enterprise Microsoft is protecting your enterprise data. Okay? But let's say you typed in data. Okay? But let's say you typed in data. Okay? But let's say you typed in something that you really shouldn't type something that you really shouldn't type something that you really shouldn't type into this box. It is possible that your into this box. It is possible that your into this box. It is possible that your company could flag what you've typed in company could flag what you've typed in company could flag what you've typed in here and come back and say, you know, here and come back and say, you know, here and come back and say, you know, why did you type, you know, whatever you why did you type, you know, whatever you why did you type, you know, whatever you typed in there. typed in there. typed in there. &gt;&gt; So, don't type your my boss is a jerk. &gt;&gt; So, don't type your my boss is a jerk. &gt;&gt; So, don't type your my boss is a jerk. What should I say to him? What should I say to him? What should I say to him? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh don't type how much is my &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh don't type how much is my &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh don't type how much is my coworker making. Okay. I mean, you know, coworker making. Okay. I mean, you know, coworker making. Okay. I mean, you know, all of that could be something that they all of that could be something that they all of that could be something that they could have that's flagged on their end could have that's flagged on their end could have that's flagged on their end to why are you asking for your coworker to why are you asking for your coworker to why are you asking for your coworker social security number? You know, why social security number? You know, why social security number? You know, why are you doing all this? So you want to are you doing all this? So you want to are you doing all this? So you want to definitely avoid anything that's along definitely avoid anything that's along definitely avoid anything that's along that lines. So but it is it's very that lines. So but it is it's very that lines. So but it is it's very secure as far as your company data. So secure as far as your company data. So secure as far as your company data. So that's why people like it. You know, you that's why people like it. You know, you that's why people like it. You know, you wouldn't dare go to chat GBT and put in wouldn't dare go to chat GBT and put in wouldn't dare go to chat GBT and put in uh private company information, you uh private company information, you uh private company information, you know, but here you can feel safe doing know, but here you can feel safe doing know, but here you can feel safe doing that kind of thing. So one of the things that kind of thing. So one of the things that kind of thing. So one of the things also that you can do is go to settings. also that you can do is go to settings. also that you can do is go to settings. And this settings is what I was talking And this settings is what I was talking And this settings is what I was talking about when I said that you could about when I said that you could about when I said that you could personalize it. I'm going to go down to personalize it. I'm going to go down to personalize it. I'm going to go down to personalization and go down to a custom personalization and go down to a custom personalization and go down to a custom instructions. Here you can add details instructions. Here you can add details instructions. Here you can add details about your preferences so Copilot can about your preferences so Copilot can about your preferences so Copilot can respond your way. And so I'm going to respond your way. And so I'm going to respond your way. And so I'm going to show you. You might say, "Give honest show you. You might say, "Give honest show you. You might say, "Give honest feedback. Use clear and simple language. feedback. Use clear and simple language. feedback. Use clear and simple language. Prioritize things that come from my Prioritize things that come from my Prioritize things that come from my manager." However you want copilot to manager." However you want copilot to manager." However you want copilot to respond to you, that's the information respond to you, that's the information respond to you, that's the information you would put in the custom you would put in the custom you would put in the custom instructions. instructions. instructions. &gt;&gt; What What do you recommend for different &gt;&gt; What What do you recommend for different &gt;&gt; What What do you recommend for different types of roles? Like what do you types of roles? Like what do you types of roles? Like what do you typically see people doing for maybe typically see people doing for maybe typically see people doing for maybe they're in a more technical role or more they're in a more technical role or more they're in a more technical role or more manager role or an entry-level role or manager role or an entry-level role or manager role or an entry-level role or maybe different departments? Do you see maybe different departments? Do you see maybe different departments? Do you see different custom instructions working different custom instructions working different custom instructions working better for different roles? better for different roles? better for different roles? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. And this is where the beauty &gt;&gt; Absolutely. And this is where the beauty &gt;&gt; Absolutely. And this is where the beauty of co-pilot you can use AI to say of co-pilot you can use AI to say of co-pilot you can use AI to say something like I am creating custom something like I am creating custom something like I am creating custom instructions for an RO to put into instructions for an RO to put into instructions for an RO to put into co-pilot. co-pilot. co-pilot. What are your suggestions? And you know What are your suggestions? And you know What are your suggestions? And you know I think that's one of the great things I I think that's one of the great things I I think that's one of the great things I love about AI. We've got to get into love about AI. We've got to get into love about AI. We've got to get into that AI first mindset of asking co-pilot that AI first mindset of asking co-pilot that AI first mindset of asking co-pilot to answer these questions. You know, you to answer these questions. You know, you to answer these questions. You know, you don't have to look at a blank page and don't have to look at a blank page and don't have to look at a blank page and think, think, think, &gt;&gt; well, with my role, what's the best &gt;&gt; well, with my role, what's the best &gt;&gt; well, with my role, what's the best thing to put in here? You can ask. I thing to put in here? You can ask. I thing to put in here? You can ask. I tell people all the time, you know, tell people all the time, you know, tell people all the time, you know, whether you're an engineer, whether whether you're an engineer, whether whether you're an engineer, whether you're an accountant, kind of let the you're an accountant, kind of let the you're an accountant, kind of let the co-pilot take the first pass of what it co-pilot take the first pass of what it co-pilot take the first pass of what it thinks and then tweak it to who you are. thinks and then tweak it to who you are. thinks and then tweak it to who you are. So, like I'm a trainer, so a lot of So, like I'm a trainer, so a lot of So, like I'm a trainer, so a lot of times I'll say, "Well, you know, what times I'll say, "Well, you know, what times I'll say, "Well, you know, what kind of custom instructions would you kind of custom instructions would you kind of custom instructions would you use for a trainer?" And then it'll give use for a trainer?" And then it'll give use for a trainer?" And then it'll give me kind of suggestions and then I can me kind of suggestions and then I can me kind of suggestions and then I can tweak it based on who I am. But if you tweak it based on who I am. But if you tweak it based on who I am. But if you see, Copilot gave us these custom see, Copilot gave us these custom see, Copilot gave us these custom instructions for an analyst. Okay? And instructions for an analyst. Okay? And instructions for an analyst. Okay? And it has stuff like output format, it has stuff like output format, it has stuff like output format, executive summary, three to five executive summary, three to five executive summary, three to five bullets, key findings with support bullets, key findings with support bullets, key findings with support numbers, drivers, and explanations. You numbers, drivers, and explanations. You numbers, drivers, and explanations. You see, it all has this for you. And then see, it all has this for you. And then see, it all has this for you. And then you can kind of pick and choose based on you can kind of pick and choose based on you can kind of pick and choose based on your personality what you think is best. your personality what you think is best. your personality what you think is best. So I always tell people to kind of let So I always tell people to kind of let So I always tell people to kind of let co-pilot make the first pass and then go co-pilot make the first pass and then go co-pilot make the first pass and then go from there. from there. from there. &gt;&gt; I love that. It's such an underrated &gt;&gt; I love that. It's such an underrated &gt;&gt; I love that. It's such an underrated piece of advice. I try to repeat it piece of advice. I try to repeat it piece of advice. I try to repeat it whenever I'm doing a training session. whenever I'm doing a training session. whenever I'm doing a training session. Like step one, ask AI what to do next. Like step one, ask AI what to do next. Like step one, ask AI what to do next. For example, if you're learning a new For example, if you're learning a new For example, if you're learning a new tool like claude code, just go in there tool like claude code, just go in there tool like claude code, just go in there and type how do I use you? And the AI and type how do I use you? And the AI and type how do I use you? And the AI tool will literally respond step by tool will literally respond step by tool will literally respond step by step. here's how you can use me. Here's step. here's how you can use me. Here's step. here's how you can use me. Here's some sample things you can run. And it's some sample things you can run. And it's some sample things you can run. And it's not like it's telling you what to think. not like it's telling you what to think. not like it's telling you what to think. It's just a starting point. I like how It's just a starting point. I like how It's just a starting point. I like how you phrase it like a first draft so that you phrase it like a first draft so that you phrase it like a first draft so that you're not staring and intimidated by you're not staring and intimidated by you're not staring and intimidated by the blank page kind of syndrome. the blank page kind of syndrome. the blank page kind of syndrome. &gt;&gt; I always tell people it's co-pilot, not &gt;&gt; I always tell people it's co-pilot, not &gt;&gt; I always tell people it's co-pilot, not autopilot. autopilot. autopilot. &gt;&gt; You know, the last thing you want to do &gt;&gt; You know, the last thing you want to do &gt;&gt; You know, the last thing you want to do is just turn over your thinking to AI. is just turn over your thinking to AI. is just turn over your thinking to AI. But at the same time, it's that it's But at the same time, it's that it's But at the same time, it's that it's that co-pilot. It's helping you. you that co-pilot. It's helping you. you that co-pilot. It's helping you. you just, you know, you just, you don't want just, you know, you just, you don't want just, you know, you just, you don't want to just copy paste everything, but it's to just copy paste everything, but it's to just copy paste everything, but it's giving you that first draft. So, you've giving you that first draft. So, you've giving you that first draft. So, you've got the settings. You can decide custom got the settings. You can decide custom got the settings. You can decide custom instructions. Like I said, that's really instructions. Like I said, that's really instructions. Like I said, that's really how you want Copilot to respond to you. how you want Copilot to respond to you. how you want Copilot to respond to you. And then saved memories is details that And then saved memories is details that And then saved memories is details that you want copilot to remember about you. you want copilot to remember about you. you want copilot to remember about you. So maybe you want co-pilot to remember So maybe you want co-pilot to remember So maybe you want co-pilot to remember that trying to think of something that that trying to think of something that that trying to think of something that you might maybe you want copilot to you might maybe you want copilot to you might maybe you want copilot to remember that you're a business analyst remember that you're a business analyst remember that you're a business analyst or something like that your job or something like that your job or something like that your job description. Maybe you want co-pilot to description. Maybe you want co-pilot to description. Maybe you want co-pilot to remember that you're working on a remember that you're working on a remember that you're working on a special project with your your boss and special project with your your boss and special project with your your boss and you know there's something important you know there's something important you know there's something important that you want co-pilot to remember about that you want co-pilot to remember about that you want co-pilot to remember about you. That's what save memories is. So you. That's what save memories is. So you. That's what save memories is. So you can kind of use both of them you can kind of use both of them you can kind of use both of them together, custom instructions and saved together, custom instructions and saved together, custom instructions and saved memories to to get C-Pilot to respond memories to to get C-Pilot to respond memories to to get C-Pilot to respond the way you want. the way you want. the way you want. &gt;&gt; Is it similar to chat GPT where you can &gt;&gt; Is it similar to chat GPT where you can &gt;&gt; Is it similar to chat GPT where you can prompt it to save this as a memory and prompt it to save this as a memory and prompt it to save this as a memory and then it will go ahead and put it in then it will go ahead and put it in then it will go ahead and put it in there? there? there? &gt;&gt; Yes, you don't have to you don't have to &gt;&gt; Yes, you don't have to you don't have to &gt;&gt; Yes, you don't have to you don't have to go here. You could just copilot when you go here. You could just copilot when you go here. You could just copilot when you do something to save it as a memory. You do something to save it as a memory. You do something to save it as a memory. You know, save this, save that as as a know, save this, save that as as a know, save this, save that as as a memory. I have found that when you do it memory. I have found that when you do it memory. I have found that when you do it in in in this custom, you know, in this in in in this custom, you know, in this in in in this custom, you know, in this environment, it's a little bit more environment, it's a little bit more environment, it's a little bit more reliable. That's what I found. So, I'm reliable. That's what I found. So, I'm reliable. That's what I found. So, I'm not saying you shouldn't do it that not saying you shouldn't do it that not saying you shouldn't do it that other way, but in my experience, this is other way, but in my experience, this is other way, but in my experience, this is a little bit more reliable, the saved a little bit more reliable, the saved a little bit more reliable, the saved memories in the custom instructions. So, memories in the custom instructions. So, memories in the custom instructions. So, that's that's where I recommend putting that's that's where I recommend putting that's that's where I recommend putting them. Um, now looking on the left side them. Um, now looking on the left side them. Um, now looking on the left side of the screen, this is the new chat. of the screen, this is the new chat. of the screen, this is the new chat. Whenever you want a brand new chat, you Whenever you want a brand new chat, you Whenever you want a brand new chat, you can kind of go up here, start a new can kind of go up here, start a new can kind of go up here, start a new chat, and you start over. The next thing chat, and you start over. The next thing chat, and you start over. The next thing under it is the search. This search under it is the search. This search under it is the search. This search button is perhaps one of the most button is perhaps one of the most button is perhaps one of the most underrated features of co-pilot. You underrated features of co-pilot. You underrated features of co-pilot. You know, people really don't know the know, people really don't know the know, people really don't know the difference between search and new chat. difference between search and new chat. difference between search and new chat. They say, "Well, if I want to find They say, "Well, if I want to find They say, "Well, if I want to find something, why can't I just prompt something, why can't I just prompt something, why can't I just prompt co-pilot, you know, find this file or co-pilot, you know, find this file or co-pilot, you know, find this file or find information on the the person? Why find information on the the person? Why find information on the the person? Why would I use search instead of just would I use search instead of just would I use search instead of just asking copilot in chat?" The reason is asking copilot in chat?" The reason is asking copilot in chat?" The reason is search is specifically designed to find search is specifically designed to find search is specifically designed to find all the information you're looking for. all the information you're looking for. all the information you're looking for. Whenever you put something in chat, chat Whenever you put something in chat, chat Whenever you put something in chat, chat is more designed to do something for is more designed to do something for is more designed to do something for you. So, it's sometimes it'll come back you. So, it's sometimes it'll come back you. So, it's sometimes it'll come back with responses like, oh, you know, I with responses like, oh, you know, I with responses like, oh, you know, I have you wanted me to find five files. have you wanted me to find five files. have you wanted me to find five files. Well, here's the summary of these five Well, here's the summary of these five Well, here's the summary of these five files. Or maybe you wanted it to f find files. Or maybe you wanted it to f find files. Or maybe you wanted it to f find five files. It only found three of them. five files. It only found three of them. five files. It only found three of them. Because really the whole point of chat Because really the whole point of chat Because really the whole point of chat is to do something for you. Search is is to do something for you. Search is is to do something for you. Search is designed to say your main goal is to designed to say your main goal is to designed to say your main goal is to search and find what this person you search and find what this person you search and find what this person you know wants or who this person is. So in know wants or who this person is. So in know wants or who this person is. So in other words, if I put in here just the other words, if I put in here just the other words, if I put in here just the word co-pilot, word co-pilot, word co-pilot, it is going to pull up on this left this it is going to pull up on this left this it is going to pull up on this left this right side every time co-pilot is right side every time co-pilot is right side every time co-pilot is mentioned as far as a calendar meeting. mentioned as far as a calendar meeting. mentioned as far as a calendar meeting. all of the chat messages, let's say in all of the chat messages, let's say in all of the chat messages, let's say in teams that have the word co-pilot, teams that have the word co-pilot, teams that have the word co-pilot, Outlook mail, each Outlook mail that I Outlook mail, each Outlook mail that I Outlook mail, each Outlook mail that I have that has it, SharePoint sites that have that has it, SharePoint sites that have that has it, SharePoint sites that have it. You see how it's so much more have it. You see how it's so much more have it. You see how it's so much more in detail than a chat would be. So, a in detail than a chat would be. So, a in detail than a chat would be. So, a use case would be, let's say somebody use case would be, let's say somebody use case would be, let's say somebody you haven't talked to in 4 months comes you haven't talked to in 4 months comes you haven't talked to in 4 months comes and says, "Hey, remember that project we and says, "Hey, remember that project we and says, "Hey, remember that project we were working on? Can you tell me where were working on? Can you tell me where were working on? Can you tell me where we're at?" And you're thinking, "I we're at?" And you're thinking, "I we're at?" And you're thinking, "I haven't talked to this person in months. haven't talked to this person in months. haven't talked to this person in months. I don't even remember what we were I don't even remember what we were I don't even remember what we were talking about." talking about." talking about." You could put their name here and every You could put their name here and every You could put their name here and every calendar meeting, every chat message, calendar meeting, every chat message, calendar meeting, every chat message, all that would come up on this side as all that would come up on this side as all that would come up on this side as the results. And then you could click the results. And then you could click the results. And then you could click here and get a brief overview of, okay, here and get a brief overview of, okay, here and get a brief overview of, okay, let me go to maybe emails I had with let me go to maybe emails I had with let me go to maybe emails I had with them or events that I had with them and them or events that I had with them and them or events that I had with them and let me go ahead and get an overview of let me go ahead and get an overview of let me go ahead and get an overview of what that last time we had a meeting was what that last time we had a meeting was what that last time we had a meeting was about, you know? So, it's just it's just about, you know? So, it's just it's just about, you know? So, it's just it's just so helpful. It's meant to be driven. so helpful. It's meant to be driven. so helpful. It's meant to be driven. It's a search engine. That's the best It's a search engine. That's the best It's a search engine. That's the best way I can describe it. It's a search way I can describe it. It's a search way I can describe it. It's a search engine. So, if you use this search engine. So, if you use this search engine. So, if you use this search feature, it's going to help you so much feature, it's going to help you so much feature, it's going to help you so much with people that you haven't talked to with people that you haven't talked to with people that you haven't talked to for a while, projects that you're for a while, projects that you're for a while, projects that you're working on, and you need to know every working on, and you need to know every working on, and you need to know every team's message that you sent about that team's message that you sent about that team's message that you sent about that project, where you're at, you know, you project, where you're at, you know, you project, where you're at, you know, you have a file about a certain big project have a file about a certain big project have a file about a certain big project you're working on. That's where this you're working on. That's where this you're working on. That's where this search button is really going to give search button is really going to give search button is really going to give you a step above where chat would. And I you a step above where chat would. And I you a step above where chat would. And I like that it's all in one place, right? like that it's all in one place, right? like that it's all in one place, right? It's it's it's like chat GBT, but you It's it's it's like chat GBT, but you It's it's it's like chat GBT, but you can also search all of your information can also search all of your information can also search all of your information from here. You don't have to go to a from here. You don't have to go to a from here. You don't have to go to a separate thing like your drive or your separate thing like your drive or your separate thing like your drive or your workspace or connect to any other tool. workspace or connect to any other tool. workspace or connect to any other tool. And so, yeah, this is really neat and I And so, yeah, this is really neat and I And so, yeah, this is really neat and I I look at this and it it really looks I look at this and it it really looks I look at this and it it really looks like chat GPT to me, right? But there like chat GPT to me, right? But there like chat GPT to me, right? But there there are nuances in what you can do there are nuances in what you can do there are nuances in what you can do like especially this ability that you like especially this ability that you like especially this ability that you just shared like the ability to share just shared like the ability to share just shared like the ability to share search across your entire org is really search across your entire org is really search across your entire org is really really powerful. I can't tell you like really powerful. I can't tell you like really powerful. I can't tell you like all the meetings and powerpoints and all the meetings and powerpoints and all the meetings and powerpoints and status updates like it's crazy in an status updates like it's crazy in an status updates like it's crazy in an enterprise. enterprise. enterprise. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So if you had a meeting with me &gt;&gt; Yeah. So if you had a meeting with me &gt;&gt; Yeah. So if you had a meeting with me and you thought what did I talk to and you thought what did I talk to and you thought what did I talk to Sheree about in my last reading? Sheree about in my last reading? Sheree about in my last reading? &gt;&gt; Where are those meeting? &gt;&gt; Where are those meeting? &gt;&gt; Where are those meeting? &gt;&gt; Where are those meeting? instead of &gt;&gt; Where are those meeting? instead of &gt;&gt; Where are those meeting? instead of having to go through and ask chat and it having to go through and ask chat and it having to go through and ask chat and it might say, "Oh, well, let me tell you might say, "Oh, well, let me tell you might say, "Oh, well, let me tell you about Sheree." Because it's built to about Sheree." Because it's built to about Sheree." Because it's built to give you answers, you know, and and and give you answers, you know, and and and give you answers, you know, and and and and produce a product for you. Instead and produce a product for you. Instead and produce a product for you. Instead of that, search would just automatically of that, search would just automatically of that, search would just automatically pull up every calendar invite, teams pull up every calendar invite, teams pull up every calendar invite, teams message, everything. So, it's very message, everything. So, it's very message, everything. So, it's very beneficial for that. Then you have on beneficial for that. Then you have on beneficial for that. Then you have on the left side you have this library. In the left side you have this library. In the left side you have this library. In the library is two things. One is pages the library is two things. One is pages the library is two things. One is pages and we'll talk a little bit later about and we'll talk a little bit later about and we'll talk a little bit later about what pages actually is. But it bottom what pages actually is. But it bottom what pages actually is. But it bottom line is when you write a chat message a line is when you write a chat message a line is when you write a chat message a lot of times you want to store that lot of times you want to store that lot of times you want to store that information for later and pages will information for later and pages will information for later and pages will help you store that information for help you store that information for help you store that information for later. later. later. And then so in your library you have And then so in your library you have And then so in your library you have everything that you have in different everything that you have in different everything that you have in different pages and you also have images. And pages and you also have images. And pages and you also have images. And we're going to talk a moment about where we're going to talk a moment about where we're going to talk a moment about where these images come from but these are these images come from but these are these images come from but these are images that you've created. Now, one images that you've created. Now, one images that you've created. Now, one thing I can tell you is that Copilot's thing I can tell you is that Copilot's thing I can tell you is that Copilot's images have gotten so much better. They images have gotten so much better. They images have gotten so much better. They used to, it was just, it used to be you used to, it was just, it used to be you used to, it was just, it used to be you just didn't even want to use it because just didn't even want to use it because just didn't even want to use it because they weren't good at all. They have done they weren't good at all. They have done they weren't good at all. They have done so much work on their images that so much work on their images that so much work on their images that they're now really, really good. So you they're now really, really good. So you they're now really, really good. So you can imagine if you're an enterprise, you can imagine if you're an enterprise, you can imagine if you're an enterprise, you want to create a PowerPoint and you want want to create a PowerPoint and you want want to create a PowerPoint and you want a really great customized image for your a really great customized image for your a really great customized image for your work PowerPoint, you could go right here work PowerPoint, you could go right here work PowerPoint, you could go right here to create and you could create this to create and you could create this to create and you could create this really great customized image and it really great customized image and it really great customized image and it would be in your library or you could would be in your library or you could would be in your library or you could even, you know, at that point copy it even, you know, at that point copy it even, you know, at that point copy it and put it in your PowerPoint or and put it in your PowerPoint or and put it in your PowerPoint or wherever you wanted it. And that brings wherever you wanted it. And that brings wherever you wanted it. And that brings us to that next point which is the us to that next point which is the us to that next point which is the create. You know, in an enterprise, you create. You know, in an enterprise, you create. You know, in an enterprise, you have so many things that you want to have so many things that you want to have so many things that you want to create. It's not just a power uh create. It's not just a power uh create. It's not just a power uh powerpoint that you're created. A lot of powerpoint that you're created. A lot of powerpoint that you're created. A lot of people have to design road maps, do people have to design road maps, do people have to design road maps, do things about Q1 goals, you know, there's things about Q1 goals, you know, there's things about Q1 goals, you know, there's just checklist, all these things that just checklist, all these things that just checklist, all these things that you kind of have to have in a work you kind of have to have in a work you kind of have to have in a work environment. You have to have what they environment. You have to have what they environment. You have to have what they call infographics where you talk about call infographics where you talk about call infographics where you talk about the milestones. All that's right here. the milestones. All that's right here. the milestones. All that's right here. Sometimes you have to design a poster in Sometimes you have to design a poster in Sometimes you have to design a poster in your work world, especially if you're in your work world, especially if you're in your work world, especially if you're in marketing, advertising, HR. marketing, advertising, HR. marketing, advertising, HR. Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes &gt;&gt; I'm curious if it takes any brand assets &gt;&gt; I'm curious if it takes any brand assets &gt;&gt; I'm curious if it takes any brand assets into consideration. into consideration. into consideration. &gt;&gt; Oh, absolutely. With co-pilot, you could &gt;&gt; Oh, absolutely. With co-pilot, you could &gt;&gt; Oh, absolutely. With co-pilot, you could do branding. Yeah. So, right here, you do branding. Yeah. So, right here, you do branding. Yeah. So, right here, you can choose branding and your coloring can choose branding and your coloring can choose branding and your coloring and you can create a whole brand kit. and you can create a whole brand kit. and you can create a whole brand kit. So, maybe your job has a certain color So, maybe your job has a certain color So, maybe your job has a certain color or certain, you know, color coordination or certain, you know, color coordination or certain, you know, color coordination that they have. Absolutely. You can that they have. Absolutely. You can that they have. Absolutely. You can design a brand kit. Absolutely. For your design a brand kit. Absolutely. For your design a brand kit. Absolutely. For your marketing. So, that's something that's marketing. So, that's something that's marketing. So, that's something that's available. Also, you can even create an available. Also, you can even create an available. Also, you can even create an image just of anything you want. It image just of anything you want. It image just of anything you want. It doesn't matter what. And Copilot will doesn't matter what. And Copilot will doesn't matter what. And Copilot will have it right there for you. So, that's have it right there for you. So, that's have it right there for you. So, that's very beneficial because with C-Pilot, very beneficial because with C-Pilot, very beneficial because with C-Pilot, you can use that in your work. So, if I you can use that in your work. So, if I you can use that in your work. So, if I say create an image of a judge, I can say create an image of a judge, I can say create an image of a judge, I can use that and put it in my PowerPoint or use that and put it in my PowerPoint or use that and put it in my PowerPoint or wherever. wherever. wherever. &gt;&gt; Um, I can design. Wait a minute. And &gt;&gt; Um, I can design. Wait a minute. And &gt;&gt; Um, I can design. Wait a minute. And even one of the biggest things that I even one of the biggest things that I even one of the biggest things that I think Copilot has that is so neat is you think Copilot has that is so neat is you think Copilot has that is so neat is you can create a video with just one can create a video with just one can create a video with just one sentence. You can create a whole video, sentence. You can create a whole video, sentence. You can create a whole video, right? So, you know, if you're in a job, right? So, you know, if you're in a job, right? So, you know, if you're in a job, maybe you have a safety moment, you maybe you have a safety moment, you maybe you have a safety moment, you could create a video, you know, about could create a video, you know, about could create a video, you know, about safety, you know, don't don't fall down safety, you know, don't don't fall down safety, you know, don't don't fall down a a flight of stairs, right? You you a a flight of stairs, right? You you a a flight of stairs, right? You you could create a safe safety video. You could create a safe safety video. You could create a safe safety video. You could even add a script and it's going could even add a script and it's going could even add a script and it's going to create a video strictly off that to create a video strictly off that to create a video strictly off that script. You can even tell it to create a script. You can even tell it to create a script. You can even tell it to create a video based on a PowerPoint or a video based on a PowerPoint or a video based on a PowerPoint or a document or a PDF. So, all that's really document or a PDF. So, all that's really document or a PDF. So, all that's really neat. I think this neat. I think this neat. I think this &gt;&gt; curious like the quality of it. Is it &gt;&gt; curious like the quality of it. Is it &gt;&gt; curious like the quality of it. Is it kind of just make images and then text kind of just make images and then text kind of just make images and then text on top? Is it avatar type of videos? Are on top? Is it avatar type of videos? Are on top? Is it avatar type of videos? Are there any examples here we could look there any examples here we could look there any examples here we could look at? at? at? &gt;&gt; Sure. And I can do a vid an example &gt;&gt; Sure. And I can do a vid an example &gt;&gt; Sure. And I can do a vid an example create a video of fall safety because create a video of fall safety because create a video of fall safety because the videos only take one to two minutes the videos only take one to two minutes the videos only take one to two minutes to create. So they're very quick. And to create. So they're very quick. And to create. So they're very quick. And also one of the great things about these also one of the great things about these also one of the great things about these videos is you can take it to Clipchamp videos is you can take it to Clipchamp videos is you can take it to Clipchamp which is m Microsoft 365's builtin video which is m Microsoft 365's builtin video which is m Microsoft 365's builtin video software. So once you, this is just a software. So once you, this is just a software. So once you, this is just a little preview. If you just want to do little preview. If you just want to do little preview. If you just want to do one sentence, but like say you wanted to one sentence, but like say you wanted to one sentence, but like say you wanted to change the voices or change the pictures change the voices or change the pictures change the voices or change the pictures or change anything about the video, you or change anything about the video, you or change anything about the video, you could take it to that next level, their could take it to that next level, their could take it to that next level, their video software, and use AI to kick it up video software, and use AI to kick it up video software, and use AI to kick it up to the next level. So even if you see to the next level. So even if you see to the next level. So even if you see this video and you're thinking, I could this video and you're thinking, I could this video and you're thinking, I could I could make it a lot better. Well, you I could make it a lot better. Well, you I could make it a lot better. Well, you could take it to their Microsoft 365 could take it to their Microsoft 365 could take it to their Microsoft 365 clip champ video software and take it to clip champ video software and take it to clip champ video software and take it to that next level. Create a video of that next level. Create a video of that next level. Create a video of winter safety. A lot of companies have, winter safety. A lot of companies have, winter safety. A lot of companies have, you know, safety video safety culture. you know, safety video safety culture. you know, safety video safety culture. That's big across a whole lot of That's big across a whole lot of That's big across a whole lot of organizations. Also, I think it's so organizations. Also, I think it's so organizations. Also, I think it's so neat that you can attach a script. neat that you can attach a script. neat that you can attach a script. &gt;&gt; So, win to you might have something that &gt;&gt; So, win to you might have something that &gt;&gt; So, win to you might have something that you're doing like maybe policies and you're doing like maybe policies and you're doing like maybe policies and procedures from HR. Well, you could procedures from HR. Well, you could procedures from HR. Well, you could attach a script to those policies and attach a script to those policies and attach a script to those policies and procedures and it's and say read procedures and it's and say read procedures and it's and say read directly from the script and it'll directly from the script and it'll directly from the script and it'll create a video behind that script, you create a video behind that script, you create a video behind that script, you know, so you could do so many things in know, so you could do so many things in know, so you could do so many things in the corporate world with that. All the corporate world with that. All the corporate world with that. All right, it's saying applying final right, it's saying applying final right, it's saying applying final touches. This is neat. You can see the touches. This is neat. You can see the touches. This is neat. You can see the transcript on the right hand side. transcript on the right hand side. transcript on the right hand side. &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's like little video clips &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's like little video clips &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's like little video clips embedded. embedded. embedded. Oh, that's awesome. It's a twominute video, too. And it It's a twominute video, too. And it It's a twominute video, too. And it honestly didn't take that long to make honestly didn't take that long to make honestly didn't take that long to make it. You probably &gt;&gt; And then this is what I mean in the &gt;&gt; And then this is what I mean in the &gt;&gt; And then this is what I mean in the corner. corner. corner. &gt;&gt; So if you want to take it to the next &gt;&gt; So if you want to take it to the next &gt;&gt; So if you want to take it to the next level and like swap out some of these level and like swap out some of these level and like swap out some of these clips with maybe company specific clips with maybe company specific clips with maybe company specific footage. footage. footage. &gt;&gt; Yes, you could. You could definitely &gt;&gt; Yes, you could. You could definitely &gt;&gt; Yes, you could. You could definitely take it to the next level. Clipchamp is take it to the next level. Clipchamp is take it to the next level. Clipchamp is Microsoft 365's Microsoft 365's Microsoft 365's of version of like if you think of of version of like if you think of of version of like if you think of Adobe, Adobe, Adobe, &gt;&gt; you know, Adobe where you can just do &gt;&gt; you know, Adobe where you can just do &gt;&gt; you know, Adobe where you can just do all these videos. So, there's going to all these videos. So, there's going to all these videos. So, there's going to be so many. You can choose the voice if be so many. You can choose the voice if be so many. You can choose the voice if you take it there. Choose the videos. you take it there. Choose the videos. you take it there. Choose the videos. There's so many things you can do to There's so many things you can do to There's so many things you can do to take your video to the next level. This take your video to the next level. This take your video to the next level. This is really for somebody on that home is really for somebody on that home is really for somebody on that home screen who maybe just wants to make a screen who maybe just wants to make a screen who maybe just wants to make a one or two minute video. They don't want one or two minute video. They don't want one or two minute video. They don't want to put that much into it. So for a one to put that much into it. So for a one to put that much into it. So for a one or two minute video, you can get it or two minute video, you can get it or two minute video, you can get it right from here. Or you want a video right from here. Or you want a video right from here. Or you want a video that's about your PowerPoint and you that's about your PowerPoint and you that's about your PowerPoint and you could just upload that real quick. could just upload that real quick. could just upload that real quick. &gt;&gt; Then we have the part about researcher. &gt;&gt; Then we have the part about researcher. &gt;&gt; Then we have the part about researcher. And I said we were going to talk about And I said we were going to talk about And I said we were going to talk about the agents. Microsoft the agents. Microsoft the agents. Microsoft has all these agents that can take your has all these agents that can take your has all these agents that can take your work to the next level. work to the next level. work to the next level. &gt;&gt; And just to back up for people who are &gt;&gt; And just to back up for people who are &gt;&gt; And just to back up for people who are just non-technical, what is an agent? just non-technical, what is an agent? just non-technical, what is an agent? Like what does agent mean? How do we Like what does agent mean? How do we Like what does agent mean? How do we think about it? think about it? think about it? &gt;&gt; Ah, I love that question. might LLM were &gt;&gt; Ah, I love that question. might LLM were &gt;&gt; Ah, I love that question. might LLM were built on like a relationship. You're built on like a relationship. You're built on like a relationship. You're going back and forth with a going back and forth with a going back and forth with a conversation. So, let's say I'm trying conversation. So, let's say I'm trying conversation. So, let's say I'm trying to accomplish a task. Then I would ask, to accomplish a task. Then I would ask, to accomplish a task. Then I would ask, and I'm giving you an example. Let's say and I'm giving you an example. Let's say and I'm giving you an example. Let's say you're trying to facilitate a meeting. you're trying to facilitate a meeting. you're trying to facilitate a meeting. You might use an AI to take down or You might use an AI to take down or You might use an AI to take down or transcribe the meeting notes. Then you transcribe the meeting notes. Then you transcribe the meeting notes. Then you might ask an AI summarize the meeting. might ask an AI summarize the meeting. might ask an AI summarize the meeting. Then you may ask the AI what are the Then you may ask the AI what are the Then you may ask the AI what are the main points of the meeting. Then you main points of the meeting. Then you main points of the meeting. Then you might ask the AI, "Give me the action might ask the AI, "Give me the action might ask the AI, "Give me the action items." All of that is you working back items." All of that is you working back items." All of that is you working back and forth with this AI. Now, with and forth with this AI. Now, with and forth with this AI. Now, with agents, you just give them a task and agents, you just give them a task and agents, you just give them a task and they do it. So if you had a facilitator they do it. So if you had a facilitator they do it. So if you had a facilitator agent, you would say facilitate the agent, you would say facilitate the agent, you would say facilitate the meeting and it would automatically meeting and it would automatically meeting and it would automatically summarize it, automatically give you summarize it, automatically give you summarize it, automatically give you action items, automatically assign who action items, automatically assign who action items, automatically assign who should do what action item, should do what action item, should do what action item, automatically schedule follow-up automatically schedule follow-up automatically schedule follow-up meetings instead of having to tell it meetings instead of having to tell it meetings instead of having to tell it every time, here's the prompt, do this, every time, here's the prompt, do this, every time, here's the prompt, do this, here's the prompt, do this, it will here's the prompt, do this, it will here's the prompt, do this, it will actually know, here's my actually know, here's my actually know, here's my responsibilities, I'm going to go responsibilities, I'm going to go responsibilities, I'm going to go execute on them and then report back. execute on them and then report back. execute on them and then report back. And then you can provide feedback if it And then you can provide feedback if it And then you can provide feedback if it messed something up or if there's little messed something up or if there's little messed something up or if there's little changes you want to make. changes you want to make. changes you want to make. &gt;&gt; That's a perfect description and that's &gt;&gt; That's a perfect description and that's &gt;&gt; That's a perfect description and that's exactly what it does. And that's like exactly what it does. And that's like exactly what it does. And that's like the researcher agent instead of you the researcher agent instead of you the researcher agent instead of you having to go back and forth and say, "I having to go back and forth and say, "I having to go back and forth and say, "I need you to get this information need you to get this information need you to get this information together. I need you to research over together. I need you to research over together. I need you to research over here what this is about and then I need here what this is about and then I need here what this is about and then I need you and you're just kind of coaching it you and you're just kind of coaching it you and you're just kind of coaching it back and forth. Now you're just putting back and forth. Now you're just putting back and forth. Now you're just putting in a goal. you know, I have a charity in a goal. you know, I have a charity in a goal. you know, I have a charity and my charity needs to increase a and my charity needs to increase a and my charity needs to increase a revenue by 30%. Give me a research revenue by 30%. Give me a research revenue by 30%. Give me a research report on how I can do this. And it's report on how I can do this. And it's report on how I can do this. And it's going to go all through different going to go all through different going to go all through different methods, different campaigns. It's going methods, different campaigns. It's going methods, different campaigns. It's going to give you a full report on how you to give you a full report on how you to give you a full report on how you would accomplish that goal. would accomplish that goal. would accomplish that goal. &gt;&gt; And real quick, like we just jumped into &gt;&gt; And real quick, like we just jumped into &gt;&gt; And real quick, like we just jumped into the researcher agent. Is that pre-built? the researcher agent. Is that pre-built? the researcher agent. Is that pre-built? Does that come with everybody's account Does that come with everybody's account Does that come with everybody's account or is that something you custom made? or is that something you custom made? or is that something you custom made? &gt;&gt; I love that question. Microsoft has what &gt;&gt; I love that question. Microsoft has what &gt;&gt; I love that question. Microsoft has what we call these agents that are actually we call these agents that are actually we call these agents that are actually built by Microsoft. And when you get a built by Microsoft. And when you get a built by Microsoft. And when you get a an agent that's built by Microsoft, and an agent that's built by Microsoft, and an agent that's built by Microsoft, and I'm going to go down to the bottom, all I'm going to go down to the bottom, all I'm going to go down to the bottom, all agents, these agents that are built by agents, these agents that are built by agents, these agents that are built by Microsoft are already created. So yes, Microsoft are already created. So yes, Microsoft are already created. So yes, you can build your own agents, but you you can build your own agents, but you you can build your own agents, but you can also with Microsoft 365 C-pilot for can also with Microsoft 365 C-pilot for can also with Microsoft 365 C-pilot for things that are high traffic uses like things that are high traffic uses like things that are high traffic uses like analyzing documents, researching, they analyzing documents, researching, they analyzing documents, researching, they have agents that have agents that have agents that &gt;&gt; I'd love to just like spend some time &gt;&gt; I'd love to just like spend some time &gt;&gt; I'd love to just like spend some time browsing and maybe you could recommend browsing and maybe you could recommend browsing and maybe you could recommend like if you're in this type of role or like if you're in this type of role or like if you're in this type of role or this type of department or if you have this type of department or if you have this type of department or if you have lots of meetings, you know, then you lots of meetings, you know, then you lots of meetings, you know, then you might want to check out these agents might want to check out these agents might want to check out these agents that are already pre-built just to start that are already pre-built just to start that are already pre-built just to start with, you know, so people don't have to with, you know, so people don't have to with, you know, so people don't have to start by creating their own agent. from start by creating their own agent. from start by creating their own agent. from scratch. scratch. scratch. &gt;&gt; We think that's a great idea. I would &gt;&gt; We think that's a great idea. I would &gt;&gt; We think that's a great idea. I would say that the number one agent that say that the number one agent that say that the number one agent that people can get the most out of starting people can get the most out of starting people can get the most out of starting off is researcher. Almost every job off is researcher. Almost every job off is researcher. Almost every job requires you to do some kind of research requires you to do some kind of research requires you to do some kind of research and to be able to just give it an and to be able to just give it an and to be able to just give it an assignment and have it come back with a assignment and have it come back with a assignment and have it come back with a research report that's five to seven research report that's five to seven research report that's five to seven pages and expert level. It cites all the pages and expert level. It cites all the pages and expert level. It cites all the sources. So, anytime your boss says, "I sources. So, anytime your boss says, "I sources. So, anytime your boss says, "I need you to research whether we should need you to research whether we should need you to research whether we should do this or that," you can automatically do this or that," you can automatically do this or that," you can automatically have a quality research grade paper have a quality research grade paper have a quality research grade paper returned to you. That's the one that a returned to you. That's the one that a returned to you. That's the one that a lot of people get value out of. Another lot of people get value out of. Another lot of people get value out of. Another one is the analyst agent. It's exactly one is the analyst agent. It's exactly one is the analyst agent. It's exactly what it says. Performs complex data what it says. Performs complex data what it says. Performs complex data analysis over files in a variety of analysis over files in a variety of analysis over files in a variety of formats. With analyst, every employee formats. With analyst, every employee formats. With analyst, every employee has access to an expert agent able to has access to an expert agent able to has access to an expert agent able to perform complex multi-step data analyst perform complex multi-step data analyst perform complex multi-step data analyst and code extension task. So, think about and code extension task. So, think about and code extension task. So, think about it this way. If you were ever working on it this way. If you were ever working on it this way. If you were ever working on something, let's say you have an Excel something, let's say you have an Excel something, let's say you have an Excel spreadsheet, there's all these numbers spreadsheet, there's all these numbers spreadsheet, there's all these numbers and you say, you know what, I really and you say, you know what, I really and you say, you know what, I really wish I had an analyst who could break wish I had an analyst who could break wish I had an analyst who could break down and understand, you know, this down and understand, you know, this down and understand, you know, this information for me so I could understand information for me so I could understand information for me so I could understand it. Now you can literally use the it. Now you can literally use the it. Now you can literally use the analyst agent and remember it's all in analyst agent and remember it's all in analyst agent and remember it's all in everyday language. You can even put everyday language. You can even put everyday language. You can even put something broad as in this is a something broad as in this is a something broad as in this is a spreadsheet. Are there any trends that spreadsheet. Are there any trends that spreadsheet. Are there any trends that I'm missing? Are there any trends I'm missing? Are there any trends I'm missing? Are there any trends overall that I should see? Maybe you're overall that I should see? Maybe you're overall that I should see? Maybe you're in the world of content creation and you in the world of content creation and you in the world of content creation and you want to know, you know, where's my want to know, you know, where's my want to know, you know, where's my viewership from? Maybe you have this viewership from? Maybe you have this viewership from? Maybe you have this giant spreadsheet with all that data on giant spreadsheet with all that data on giant spreadsheet with all that data on it. anything that you have a lot of data it. anything that you have a lot of data it. anything that you have a lot of data on this analyst will give you analyst on this analyst will give you analyst on this analyst will give you analyst level instruction. It'll it'll give you level instruction. It'll it'll give you level instruction. It'll it'll give you oh goodness it'll take you it'll give oh goodness it'll take you it'll give oh goodness it'll take you it'll give you analyst level work if you can think you analyst level work if you can think you analyst level work if you can think of that analyst level work and it's a of that analyst level work and it's a of that analyst level work and it's a step up from co-pilot and excel you know step up from co-pilot and excel you know step up from co-pilot and excel you know co-pilot is an excel and it will give co-pilot is an excel and it will give co-pilot is an excel and it will give you some short answers but this would you some short answers but this would you some short answers but this would give you like a whole papers worth of give you like a whole papers worth of give you like a whole papers worth of information you know that it would information you know that it would information you know that it would really analyze your document I would say really analyze your document I would say really analyze your document I would say those two are the best prompt coach I those two are the best prompt coach I those two are the best prompt coach I think is really one that's underutilized think is really one that's underutilized think is really one that's underutilized but should be utilized more people. One but should be utilized more people. One but should be utilized more people. One of the biggest mistakes that I see of the biggest mistakes that I see of the biggest mistakes that I see people making is not understanding how people making is not understanding how people making is not understanding how to make a good prompt. There's several to make a good prompt. There's several to make a good prompt. There's several things that go into the prompt. The things that go into the prompt. The things that go into the prompt. The better the quality prompt, the better better the quality prompt, the better better the quality prompt, the better the output. So, a lot of times when the output. So, a lot of times when the output. So, a lot of times when people say, "Well, I can't get AI to do people say, "Well, I can't get AI to do people say, "Well, I can't get AI to do this." It's not that you can't get AI to this." It's not that you can't get AI to this." It's not that you can't get AI to do this. It's not that AI can't do this. do this. It's not that AI can't do this. do this. It's not that AI can't do this. It's just that you don't know how to It's just that you don't know how to It's just that you don't know how to make it do that because you don't know make it do that because you don't know make it do that because you don't know the right prompt to give it. So, Punch the right prompt to give it. So, Punch the right prompt to give it. So, Punch Coach really is something where you can Coach really is something where you can Coach really is something where you can just say, you know, it'll guide you step just say, you know, it'll guide you step just say, you know, it'll guide you step by step. So, if you're saying, you know, by step. So, if you're saying, you know, by step. So, if you're saying, you know, maybe I want a prompt that's going to maybe I want a prompt that's going to maybe I want a prompt that's going to that I can put in a researcher that's that I can put in a researcher that's that I can put in a researcher that's going to give me this really great going to give me this really great going to give me this really great research report. Instead of having to research report. Instead of having to research report. Instead of having to come up with that prompt yourself, you come up with that prompt yourself, you come up with that prompt yourself, you could go to prompt coach and just tell could go to prompt coach and just tell could go to prompt coach and just tell it, you know, what you're trying to do it, you know, what you're trying to do it, you know, what you're trying to do and then it'll help you through. You and then it'll help you through. You and then it'll help you through. You know, give me an example. Do you prompt know, give me an example. Do you prompt know, give me an example. Do you prompt coach? Anything you'd like me to do coach? Anything you'd like me to do coach? Anything you'd like me to do &gt;&gt; for Oh, I like the suggestions there. &gt;&gt; for Oh, I like the suggestions there. &gt;&gt; for Oh, I like the suggestions there. How do I write a good prompt? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, there's good. Okay. So, we &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, there's good. Okay. So, we &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, there's good. Okay. So, we could do that. How to write a good could do that. How to write a good could do that. How to write a good prompt? prompt? prompt? &gt;&gt; You know, for people new to AI, it's &gt;&gt; You know, for people new to AI, it's &gt;&gt; You know, for people new to AI, it's like, what is a prompt? Like, why why do like, what is a prompt? Like, why why do like, what is a prompt? Like, why why do we keep saying the word prompt? Isn't it we keep saying the word prompt? Isn't it we keep saying the word prompt? Isn't it just like a sentence or like a search just like a sentence or like a search just like a sentence or like a search thing that we're typing, you know? you. thing that we're typing, you know? you. thing that we're typing, you know? you. So, I sometimes wonder if even prompt is So, I sometimes wonder if even prompt is So, I sometimes wonder if even prompt is kind of like a confusing term, like what kind of like a confusing term, like what kind of like a confusing term, like what is it? Why is it important? is it? Why is it important? is it? Why is it important? &gt;&gt; I love I love that. One of one of my &gt;&gt; I love I love that. One of one of my &gt;&gt; I love I love that. One of one of my favorite quotes I hear all the time, and favorite quotes I hear all the time, and favorite quotes I hear all the time, and I believe it's by Tony Robbins, people I believe it's by Tony Robbins, people I believe it's by Tony Robbins, people he basically says, people who ask better he basically says, people who ask better he basically says, people who ask better questions, they get better answers. So, questions, they get better answers. So, questions, they get better answers. So, it's really just a very quality it's really just a very quality it's really just a very quality question. And you know what? Thank you question. And you know what? Thank you question. And you know what? Thank you for choosing that. That was perfect for choosing that. That was perfect for choosing that. That was perfect because it lit it put it right there. because it lit it put it right there. because it lit it put it right there. The goal, what do you want copilot to The goal, what do you want copilot to The goal, what do you want copilot to do? the context, you know, background do? the context, you know, background do? the context, you know, background information you give co-pilot, the information you give co-pilot, the information you give co-pilot, the source, what documents, text are you source, what documents, text are you source, what documents, text are you taking it from, and what are your taking it from, and what are your taking it from, and what are your expectations. So, basically what prompt expectations. So, basically what prompt expectations. So, basically what prompt coach is doing is is showing you an coach is doing is is showing you an coach is doing is is showing you an example of what it does right here. example of what it does right here. example of what it does right here. Example of a weak prompt, co-pilot, make Example of a weak prompt, co-pilot, make Example of a weak prompt, co-pilot, make this better, right? Make this better. this better, right? Make this better. this better, right? Make this better. Here's here's a report. Make this Here's here's a report. Make this Here's here's a report. Make this better. Co-pilot has no idea what this better. Co-pilot has no idea what this better. Co-pilot has no idea what this and better. What do you even mean? and better. What do you even mean? and better. What do you even mean? What's your end goal? A better one is What's your end goal? A better one is What's your end goal? A better one is goal. Rewrite this email to sound more goal. Rewrite this email to sound more goal. Rewrite this email to sound more professional. Context. I'm sending this professional. Context. I'm sending this professional. Context. I'm sending this to a coworker. I want it to be clear but to a coworker. I want it to be clear but to a coworker. I want it to be clear but friendly. Source. Use the email below. friendly. Source. Use the email below. friendly. Source. Use the email below. Ex expectations. Keep it four to six Ex expectations. Keep it four to six Ex expectations. Keep it four to six sentences. Now, it's going to kind of sentences. Now, it's going to kind of sentences. Now, it's going to kind of give you a template of all that that you give you a template of all that that you give you a template of all that that you can use. can use. can use. &gt;&gt; This I feel like everybody should go &gt;&gt; This I feel like everybody should go &gt;&gt; This I feel like everybody should go through this at least once if you're through this at least once if you're through this at least once if you're pretty new to interacting with AI and pretty new to interacting with AI and pretty new to interacting with AI and MLMs. MLMs. MLMs. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I mean, I love here it has &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I mean, I love here it has &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I mean, I love here it has show me three good prompt examples. So, show me three good prompt examples. So, show me three good prompt examples. So, kind of showing that here. And I'm with kind of showing that here. And I'm with kind of showing that here. And I'm with you. This is something great. Um, you. This is something great. Um, you. This is something great. Um, this is a good prompt, you know, and so this is a good prompt, you know, and so this is a good prompt, you know, and so it kind of goes through goal, context, it kind of goes through goal, context, it kind of goes through goal, context, source, expectations, and let me kind of source, expectations, and let me kind of source, expectations, and let me kind of give you a prompt coach. I'm going to give you a prompt coach. I'm going to give you a prompt coach. I'm going to give you one to give you an example. give you one to give you an example. give you one to give you an example. Help me write a good article. Okay, Help me write a good article. Okay, Help me write a good article. Okay, that's what I'm putting in the prompt that's what I'm putting in the prompt that's what I'm putting in the prompt coach. I'd love to help you. First coach. I'd love to help you. First coach. I'd love to help you. First question, what is the goal? See how it's question, what is the goal? See how it's question, what is the goal? See how it's kind of nursing me along kind of nursing me along kind of nursing me along &gt;&gt; by step. &gt;&gt; by step. &gt;&gt; by step. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I want to explain how M 365 &gt;&gt; Yeah. I want to explain how M 365 &gt;&gt; Yeah. I want to explain how M 365 co-pilot works. Second, who who am I co-pilot works. Second, who who am I co-pilot works. Second, who who am I giving this? Everyday employees, IT giving this? Everyday employees, IT giving this? Everyday employees, IT executives, students. I'm gonna say executives, students. I'm gonna say executives, students. I'm gonna say everyday employees. everyday employees. everyday employees. &gt;&gt; And I bet you'd get a very different &gt;&gt; And I bet you'd get a very different &gt;&gt; And I bet you'd get a very different article if this was geared towards the article if this was geared towards the article if this was geared towards the IT team. IT team. IT team. &gt;&gt; Yes, exactly. Third question, do you &gt;&gt; Yes, exactly. Third question, do you &gt;&gt; Yes, exactly. Third question, do you have specific sources? I'm going to say have specific sources? I'm going to say have specific sources? I'm going to say no specific sources. And then it's no specific sources. And then it's no specific sources. And then it's lastly asking me one more piece. What lastly asking me one more piece. What lastly asking me one more piece. What would you like? How would you like it to would you like? How would you like it to would you like? How would you like it to be written? I'm going to put it make it be written? I'm going to put it make it be written? I'm going to put it make it three to five paragraphs. And then three to five paragraphs. And then three to five paragraphs. And then you'll see the prompt. And let me tell you'll see the prompt. And let me tell you'll see the prompt. And let me tell you if you want I can also generate the you if you want I can also generate the you if you want I can also generate the article itself for you just say create article itself for you just say create article itself for you just say create the article. So since now that it's the article. So since now that it's the article. So since now that it's created this great prompt is saying hey created this great prompt is saying hey created this great prompt is saying hey do you want me to with that information do you want me to with that information do you want me to with that information and I can say create the article and and I can say create the article and and I can say create the article and here you go. here you go. here you go. &gt;&gt; But if you look at what it gave me it &gt;&gt; But if you look at what it gave me it &gt;&gt; But if you look at what it gave me it gave me such a great a better prompt gave me such a great a better prompt gave me such a great a better prompt than I than what I originally started than I than what I originally started than I than what I originally started with. Right? I mean if you look at what with. Right? I mean if you look at what with. Right? I mean if you look at what I started with what I started with was a I started with what I started with was a I started with what I started with was a prompt that said help me write a good prompt that said help me write a good prompt that said help me write a good article. which is honestly pretty article. which is honestly pretty article. which is honestly pretty common. People will just write five common. People will just write five common. People will just write five words. You know, I do like the analogy words. You know, I do like the analogy words. You know, I do like the analogy of like think about if you're of like think about if you're of like think about if you're communicating this to a co-orker, communicating this to a co-orker, communicating this to a co-orker, colleague, right? Would you just be like colleague, right? Would you just be like colleague, right? Would you just be like write a good article? No. Like you of write a good article? No. Like you of write a good article? No. Like you of course you would have more context and course you would have more context and course you would have more context and information like why what is the article information like why what is the article information like why what is the article about when do you need it by? Like who about when do you need it by? Like who about when do you need it by? Like who is the article for? Are there any is the article for? Are there any is the article for? Are there any restrictions or constraints or things restrictions or constraints or things restrictions or constraints or things you want me to emphasize in the article? you want me to emphasize in the article? you want me to emphasize in the article? Like that's what a normal person would Like that's what a normal person would Like that's what a normal person would ask and expect in terms of context. And ask and expect in terms of context. And ask and expect in terms of context. And so that's one way to think about it when so that's one way to think about it when so that's one way to think about it when you're interacting with AI like what is you're interacting with AI like what is you're interacting with AI like what is the additional context or information the additional context or information the additional context or information that you would give a colleague if you that you would give a colleague if you that you would give a colleague if you were going to give the colleague the were going to give the colleague the were going to give the colleague the same task. You would not say just write same task. You would not say just write same task. You would not say just write a good article, you know, a good article, you know, a good article, you know, &gt;&gt; because we expect AI to be a miracle &gt;&gt; because we expect AI to be a miracle &gt;&gt; because we expect AI to be a miracle worker, right? You know, it's it's not a worker, right? You know, it's it's not a worker, right? You know, it's it's not a mind readader. It does. It has no idea mind readader. It does. It has no idea mind readader. It does. It has no idea what you're looking for. So this is what you're looking for. So this is what you're looking for. So this is helping you. asking all these little helping you. asking all these little helping you. asking all these little questions and then at the end it gives questions and then at the end it gives questions and then at the end it gives me look at this. I would have never come me look at this. I would have never come me look at this. I would have never come come up with on my own. Write a clear come up with on my own. Write a clear come up with on my own. Write a clear and friendly article that explains how and friendly article that explains how and friendly article that explains how you know what I mean. Like I would have you know what I mean. Like I would have you know what I mean. Like I would have never come up with all this on my own. never come up with all this on my own. never come up with all this on my own. And then with that, it gives me this And then with that, it gives me this And then with that, it gives me this prompt, right, that I can put in prompt, right, that I can put in prompt, right, that I can put in and I can put this into chat and I have and I can put this into chat and I have and I can put this into chat and I have this really great pro prompt now. this really great pro prompt now. this really great pro prompt now. You know, so that prompt coach I think You know, so that prompt coach I think You know, so that prompt coach I think is the most underrated agent that there is the most underrated agent that there is the most underrated agent that there is because a lot of times people want to is because a lot of times people want to is because a lot of times people want to jump into, oh, let the agent do this or jump into, oh, let the agent do this or jump into, oh, let the agent do this or that for me. And that's great, but guess that for me. And that's great, but guess that for me. And that's great, but guess what? If the prompt you put in the agent what? If the prompt you put in the agent what? If the prompt you put in the agent isn't that good, you isn't that good, you isn't that good, you &gt;&gt; dude, I should film this for GPT. &gt;&gt; dude, I should film this for GPT. &gt;&gt; dude, I should film this for GPT. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, yeah, you still might not &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, yeah, you still might not &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, yeah, you still might not get the results you want if the prompt get the results you want if the prompt get the results you want if the prompt isn't that great. So, look at how good isn't that great. So, look at how good isn't that great. So, look at how good this article is. And I can tell you this article is. And I can tell you this article is. And I can tell you right now, if I had just put write a right now, if I had just put write a right now, if I had just put write a article, it would have been nowhere article, it would have been nowhere article, it would have been nowhere close to this, you know, if I hadn't had close to this, you know, if I hadn't had close to this, you know, if I hadn't had a good prompt, right? So, I would say a good prompt, right? So, I would say a good prompt, right? So, I would say before you use the analyst agent, before before you use the analyst agent, before before you use the analyst agent, before you use the researcher agent, before you you use the researcher agent, before you you use the researcher agent, before you use any of these agents, I want to say use any of these agents, I want to say use any of these agents, I want to say unless you're really, really good at unless you're really, really good at unless you're really, really good at writing prompts, I mean really good, writing prompts, I mean really good, writing prompts, I mean really good, then I would go ahead and use the prompt then I would go ahead and use the prompt then I would go ahead and use the prompt coach first. And I also think it helps coach first. And I also think it helps coach first. And I also think it helps people refine the product that they're people refine the product that they're people refine the product that they're looking for. You know, sometimes people looking for. You know, sometimes people looking for. You know, sometimes people are even vague on what they're looking are even vague on what they're looking are even vague on what they're looking for. So, it helps you kind of know what for. So, it helps you kind of know what for. So, it helps you kind of know what you're looking for. you're looking for. you're looking for. &gt;&gt; That's why I love that trick of like ask &gt;&gt; That's why I love that trick of like ask &gt;&gt; That's why I love that trick of like ask me clarifying questions because it just me clarifying questions because it just me clarifying questions because it just forces you to think about what you're forces you to think about what you're forces you to think about what you're trying to do. It's it's actually a trying to do. It's it's actually a trying to do. It's it's actually a self-reflection exercise so that you get self-reflection exercise so that you get self-reflection exercise so that you get clear on what it is you're trying to get clear on what it is you're trying to get clear on what it is you're trying to get AI to help you with. AI to help you with. AI to help you with. &gt;&gt; Exactly. So, that's that's what's great &gt;&gt; Exactly. So, that's that's what's great &gt;&gt; Exactly. So, that's that's what's great about it. The rest of these to me I about it. The rest of these to me I about it. The rest of these to me I think are good, but I think the learning think are good, but I think the learning think are good, but I think the learning coach I've used before that's really coach I've used before that's really coach I've used before that's really directing you a lot of times to outside directing you a lot of times to outside directing you a lot of times to outside sources. It'll say something like sources. It'll say something like sources. It'll say something like &gt;&gt; you can use something on YouTube or even &gt;&gt; you can use something on YouTube or even &gt;&gt; you can use something on YouTube or even Microsoft has these courses that might Microsoft has these courses that might Microsoft has these courses that might be available for you. It comes up with be available for you. It comes up with be available for you. It comes up with learning plans. learning plans. learning plans. &gt;&gt; Um you have to prompt it if you want the &gt;&gt; Um you have to prompt it if you want the &gt;&gt; Um you have to prompt it if you want the resources to be free, but it does come resources to be free, but it does come resources to be free, but it does come up with that for you. writing coach is up with that for you. writing coach is up with that for you. writing coach is something I tell you what I can see something I tell you what I can see something I tell you what I can see where they're going with that but so where they're going with that but so where they're going with that but so many people use AI for their writing many people use AI for their writing many people use AI for their writing nowadays that that's one of the ones nowadays that that's one of the ones nowadays that that's one of the ones that I don't find that people get as that I don't find that people get as that I don't find that people get as much value out of much value out of much value out of &gt;&gt; career coach I love career coach career &gt;&gt; career coach I love career coach career &gt;&gt; career coach I love career coach career coach is a reality check okay what it coach is a reality check okay what it coach is a reality check okay what it does is you may say in your company I does is you may say in your company I does is you may say in your company I want a promotion to the next level and want a promotion to the next level and want a promotion to the next level and career coach will actually tell you career coach will actually tell you career coach will actually tell you these are the skills like if I said I these are the skills like if I said I these are the skills like if I said I want to go from let's say an analyst to want to go from let's say an analyst to want to go from let's say an analyst to a senior analyst. It's going to say, a senior analyst. It's going to say, a senior analyst. It's going to say, "Well, senior analyst has these skills. "Well, senior analyst has these skills. "Well, senior analyst has these skills. You want to work on getting these You want to work on getting these You want to work on getting these skills, and here's an 18-month plan." skills, and here's an 18-month plan." skills, and here's an 18-month plan." But then it's also smart enough to say, But then it's also smart enough to say, But then it's also smart enough to say, "Make sure you talk to your leadership "Make sure you talk to your leadership "Make sure you talk to your leadership first because really, we don't want to first because really, we don't want to first because really, we don't want to turn everything over to AI. We have to turn everything over to AI. We have to turn everything over to AI. We have to be honest. Who wants to do an 18-month be honest. Who wants to do an 18-month be honest. Who wants to do an 18-month plan just to find out from leadership plan just to find out from leadership plan just to find out from leadership that's not even what they wanted you to, that's not even what they wanted you to, that's not even what they wanted you to, you know, do the skills they wanted you you know, do the skills they wanted you you know, do the skills they wanted you to develop?" So, it's really helpful to develop?" So, it's really helpful to develop?" So, it's really helpful there. idea coach is great for there. idea coach is great for there. idea coach is great for brainstorming. I think we all do a lot brainstorming. I think we all do a lot brainstorming. I think we all do a lot of brainstorming at our jobs right now. of brainstorming at our jobs right now. of brainstorming at our jobs right now. So, I think that's great. I think those So, I think that's great. I think those So, I think that's great. I think those are the ones that I think people get the are the ones that I think people get the are the ones that I think people get the most out of personally. most out of personally. most out of personally. &gt;&gt; You know, we also have down here we have &gt;&gt; You know, we also have down here we have &gt;&gt; You know, we also have down here we have a new agent. You can build an agent and a new agent. You can build an agent and a new agent. You can build an agent and there's so much involved in that, but there's so much involved in that, but there's so much involved in that, but there's the technology and what you can there's the technology and what you can there's the technology and what you can do when you build an agent now is just do when you build an agent now is just do when you build an agent now is just unbelievable. I know someone who was unbelievable. I know someone who was unbelievable. I know someone who was able to actually build an agent and able to actually build an agent and able to actually build an agent and almost have their whole company run off almost have their whole company run off almost have their whole company run off this all these agents that they had this all these agents that they had this all these agents that they had built. So, it's just amazing what you built. So, it's just amazing what you built. So, it's just amazing what you can get agents to do for you. That's can get agents to do for you. That's can get agents to do for you. That's kind of outside the scope of this, but kind of outside the scope of this, but kind of outside the scope of this, but it is something that's really neat. it is something that's really neat. it is something that's really neat. &gt;&gt; When you consult with larger companies, &gt;&gt; When you consult with larger companies, &gt;&gt; When you consult with larger companies, do they have technical teams building do they have technical teams building do they have technical teams building these agents that can be used by many these agents that can be used by many these agents that can be used by many people in the company, or are you people in the company, or are you people in the company, or are you expected to build your own agent for expected to build your own agent for expected to build your own agent for individual use? Like, how does it individual use? Like, how does it individual use? Like, how does it typically work? typically work? typically work? That's a good question. I think with That's a good question. I think with That's a good question. I think with technology being so new, it's kind of technology being so new, it's kind of technology being so new, it's kind of the wild wild west at this point because the wild wild west at this point because the wild wild west at this point because technology is so new. So different technology is so new. So different technology is so new. So different companies are doing different things. I companies are doing different things. I companies are doing different things. I do see the first level for most do see the first level for most do see the first level for most companies is they're having maybe companies is they're having maybe companies is they're having maybe because they're big companies, they're because they're big companies, they're because they're big companies, they're having their IT department develop these having their IT department develop these having their IT department develop these very complicated agents that will help very complicated agents that will help very complicated agents that will help hold teams, right? And then you have hold teams, right? And then you have hold teams, right? And then you have those people who are a little bit AI those people who are a little bit AI those people who are a little bit AI forward and they are already so curious forward and they are already so curious forward and they are already so curious that they're developing their own little that they're developing their own little that they're developing their own little agents to help them with things, you agents to help them with things, you agents to help them with things, you know. So I wouldn't be surprised if know. So I wouldn't be surprised if know. So I wouldn't be surprised if that's something in the future that's that's something in the future that's that's something in the future that's everybody's expected to know how to do. everybody's expected to know how to do. everybody's expected to know how to do. You know, we're not there yet, but I You know, we're not there yet, but I You know, we're not there yet, but I wouldn't be surprised in the future if wouldn't be surprised in the future if wouldn't be surprised in the future if it's not like that. But I will tell you it's not like that. But I will tell you it's not like that. But I will tell you that more and more companies are that more and more companies are that more and more companies are expected to you to be able to use these expected to you to be able to use these expected to you to be able to use these agents that are built by Microsoft agents that are built by Microsoft agents that are built by Microsoft because they're already there. because they're already there. because they're already there. &gt;&gt; So more and more that's like an &gt;&gt; So more and more that's like an &gt;&gt; So more and more that's like an expectation. expectation. expectation. &gt;&gt; Okay, cool. &gt;&gt; Okay, cool. &gt;&gt; Okay, cool. &gt;&gt; And then we have notebooks. I think &gt;&gt; And then we have notebooks. I think &gt;&gt; And then we have notebooks. I think great tool. What a notebook is is let's great tool. What a notebook is is let's great tool. What a notebook is is let's say anywhere else that we've talked say anywhere else that we've talked say anywhere else that we've talked about today, chat, all of that to a about today, chat, all of that to a about today, chat, all of that to a certain extent is pulling information certain extent is pulling information certain extent is pulling information from the internet, right? The notebooks from the internet, right? The notebooks from the internet, right? The notebooks are the only place that you can just are the only place that you can just are the only place that you can just basically not have information pulled basically not have information pulled basically not have information pulled from the internet. It can be your own from the internet. It can be your own from the internet. It can be your own little repository of documents. So what little repository of documents. So what little repository of documents. So what you could do is maybe you have some you could do is maybe you have some you could do is maybe you have some project and your project is company PTO project and your project is company PTO project and your project is company PTO policy. You could upload all your files policy. You could upload all your files policy. You could upload all your files regarding let's say the company PTO regarding let's say the company PTO regarding let's say the company PTO policy to it and then you could ask policy to it and then you could ask policy to it and then you could ask what's the maximum amount of PTO that what's the maximum amount of PTO that what's the maximum amount of PTO that you could take off at one time. It's you could take off at one time. It's you could take off at one time. It's going to look at just the files you going to look at just the files you going to look at just the files you upload because think about if you ask upload because think about if you ask upload because think about if you ask that question to the internet it's going that question to the internet it's going that question to the internet it's going to be all over the place what somebody to be all over the place what somebody to be all over the place what somebody could take at one time. It's going to could take at one time. It's going to could take at one time. It's going to depend on your job, the company, depend on your job, the company, depend on your job, the company, whatever. here it's just going to draw whatever. here it's just going to draw whatever. here it's just going to draw on whatever documents you've uploaded. on whatever documents you've uploaded. on whatever documents you've uploaded. So you may give it access to maybe a So you may give it access to maybe a So you may give it access to maybe a SharePoint site, whatever you've given SharePoint site, whatever you've given SharePoint site, whatever you've given it access to. So so many people are it access to. So so many people are it access to. So so many people are using this to make their own little using this to make their own little using this to make their own little document repository. Also I have heard document repository. Also I have heard document repository. Also I have heard coming soon now you're not able to coming soon now you're not able to coming soon now you're not able to really do it yet or at least I'm not really do it yet or at least I'm not really do it yet or at least I'm not able to do it yet but coming soon it able to do it yet but coming soon it able to do it yet but coming soon it might be where you can link it to might be where you can link it to might be where you can link it to certain sites and that it'll draw. certain sites and that it'll draw. certain sites and that it'll draw. &gt;&gt; That would be really nice. Yeah, it &gt;&gt; That would be really nice. Yeah, it &gt;&gt; That would be really nice. Yeah, it reminds me of like a miniature Google reminds me of like a miniature Google reminds me of like a miniature Google sources and then it's basically a sources and then it's basically a sources and then it's basically a miniature rag if people are familiar miniature rag if people are familiar miniature rag if people are familiar with that. And it it helps ground it in with that. And it it helps ground it in with that. And it it helps ground it in the information that you've uploaded in the information that you've uploaded in the information that you've uploaded in order to reduce hallucinations and I order to reduce hallucinations and I order to reduce hallucinations and I don't know for co-pilot but does it link don't know for co-pilot but does it link don't know for co-pilot but does it link back to exactly like the answers in the back to exactly like the answers in the back to exactly like the answers in the &gt;&gt; Exactly. It does. It does. And what &gt;&gt; Exactly. It does. It does. And what &gt;&gt; Exactly. It does. It does. And what you've done which is give it an analogy you've done which is give it an analogy you've done which is give it an analogy of the Google. It's the same thing. It's of the Google. It's the same thing. It's of the Google. It's the same thing. It's the same thing. The only difference is the same thing. The only difference is the same thing. The only difference is here, of course, you're uploading, think here, of course, you're uploading, think here, of course, you're uploading, think about it, all your work files. So, you about it, all your work files. So, you about it, all your work files. So, you know, like I said, if you're doing the know, like I said, if you're doing the know, like I said, if you're doing the company PTO policy or you're working on company PTO policy or you're working on company PTO policy or you're working on some big project, you've uploaded all some big project, you've uploaded all some big project, you've uploaded all your project files and then you could your project files and then you could your project files and then you could just ask questions about those project just ask questions about those project just ask questions about those project files. So, this is this has been really files. So, this is this has been really files. So, this is this has been really helpful to a lot of people. helpful to a lot of people. helpful to a lot of people. And then at the at the end, we have all And then at the at the end, we have all And then at the at the end, we have all my chats. Of course, I have a whole my chats. Of course, I have a whole my chats. Of course, I have a whole bunch of chats. And then and let me say bunch of chats. And then and let me say bunch of chats. And then and let me say this about these chat messages. this about these chat messages. this about these chat messages. You can click on these chat messages and You can click on these chat messages and You can click on these chat messages and you can delete them. A lot of people you can delete them. A lot of people you can delete them. A lot of people aren't aware of that. You can click the aren't aware of that. You can click the aren't aware of that. You can click the three dots on the side and you can three dots on the side and you can three dots on the side and you can rename this or you can delete this. And rename this or you can delete this. And rename this or you can delete this. And a lot of people will scroll through a lot of people will scroll through a lot of people will scroll through their chats looking for the one they their chats looking for the one they their chats looking for the one they need. But you can do search and at the need. But you can do search and at the need. But you can do search and at the top you can search your chats and you top you can search your chats and you top you can search your chats and you can even filter by different agents. you can even filter by different agents. you can even filter by different agents. you know, maybe that's something I'm looking know, maybe that's something I'm looking know, maybe that's something I'm looking for a conversation to have with for a conversation to have with for a conversation to have with researcher or analyst or prompt coach, researcher or analyst or prompt coach, researcher or analyst or prompt coach, you know, or something in pages. So, you you know, or something in pages. So, you you know, or something in pages. So, you can search through your and that makes can search through your and that makes can search through your and that makes searching through your chat so much more searching through your chat so much more searching through your chat so much more efficiently. So many times I've had a efficiently. So many times I've had a efficiently. So many times I've had a great idea, got distracted, used chat a great idea, got distracted, used chat a great idea, got distracted, used chat a lot on something else, and then now I'm lot on something else, and then now I'm lot on something else, and then now I'm like, where is that original chat when I like, where is that original chat when I like, where is that original chat when I was talking about, you know? So now it's was talking about, you know? So now it's was talking about, you know? So now it's so neat how you can just use search. And so neat how you can just use search. And so neat how you can just use search. And then I think this is a really great one. then I think this is a really great one. then I think this is a really great one. At the bottom it has apps. At the bottom it has apps. At the bottom it has apps. You can go straight to Outlook, straight You can go straight to Outlook, straight You can go straight to Outlook, straight to Teams, straight to Word. You know, in to Teams, straight to Word. You know, in to Teams, straight to Word. You know, in the past, I'm not kidding you, I would the past, I'm not kidding you, I would the past, I'm not kidding you, I would actually be on this screen, need to go actually be on this screen, need to go actually be on this screen, need to go somewhere else, and I would go ahead and somewhere else, and I would go ahead and somewhere else, and I would go ahead and start a new, click here, go to the start a new, click here, go to the start a new, click here, go to the waffle, try to find what I was looking waffle, try to find what I was looking waffle, try to find what I was looking for. I mean, you know, so so many people for. I mean, you know, so so many people for. I mean, you know, so so many people don't use this resource. don't use this resource. don't use this resource. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I love that everything's just here &gt;&gt; Yeah, I love that everything's just here &gt;&gt; Yeah, I love that everything's just here in this left sidebar. And it it doesn't in this left sidebar. And it it doesn't in this left sidebar. And it it doesn't look like a lot, but we've spent, you look like a lot, but we've spent, you look like a lot, but we've spent, you know, almost an hour now walking through know, almost an hour now walking through know, almost an hour now walking through this, and we've really only scratched this, and we've really only scratched this, and we've really only scratched the surface. We're just kind of pointing the surface. We're just kind of pointing the surface. We're just kind of pointing out where things are on the search bar out where things are on the search bar out where things are on the search bar and what they mean. But each of these and what they mean. But each of these and what they mean. But each of these options we could dive into for another options we could dive into for another options we could dive into for another hour, I'm sure. Like just creating hour, I'm sure. Like just creating hour, I'm sure. Like just creating figuring out how Copilot works with figuring out how Copilot works with figuring out how Copilot works with these respective apps. I mean, I'm sure these respective apps. I mean, I'm sure these respective apps. I mean, I'm sure there's a lot to cover there as well. there's a lot to cover there as well. there's a lot to cover there as well. &gt;&gt; Yes, there is. So, like you said, this &gt;&gt; Yes, there is. So, like you said, this &gt;&gt; Yes, there is. So, like you said, this is just the beginning, but this gives is just the beginning, but this gives is just the beginning, but this gives you that great base to work off of. Just you that great base to work off of. Just you that great base to work off of. Just by watching this, you know, more than a by watching this, you know, more than a by watching this, you know, more than a lot of people do. A lot of people who lot of people do. A lot of people who lot of people do. A lot of people who are just starting off with Co-Pilot will are just starting off with Co-Pilot will are just starting off with Co-Pilot will think they're doing something by putting think they're doing something by putting think they're doing something by putting a prompt here and they won't even use a prompt here and they won't even use a prompt here and they won't even use the rest of this page. They don't even the rest of this page. They don't even the rest of this page. They don't even understand what's on the rest of this understand what's on the rest of this understand what's on the rest of this page. So, you'll be ahead of all your page. So, you'll be ahead of all your page. So, you'll be ahead of all your friends at work already because you'll friends at work already because you'll friends at work already because you'll be able to say, "Well, you know, you can be able to say, "Well, you know, you can be able to say, "Well, you know, you can do temporary chat or you know you can do temporary chat or you know you can do temporary chat or you know you can rename this or you know you can go to rename this or you know you can go to rename this or you know you can go to the library and get a page and save what the library and get a page and save what the library and get a page and save what you know information." you know information." you know information." &gt;&gt; Create a video up here. &gt;&gt; Create a video up here. &gt;&gt; Create a video up here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You create a video. Yeah. you'll &gt;&gt; Yeah. You create a video. Yeah. you'll &gt;&gt; Yeah. You create a video. Yeah. you'll be able to tell them all the things that be able to tell them all the things that be able to tell them all the things that they can do on this page. For instance, they can do on this page. For instance, they can do on this page. For instance, this is something that I should have this is something that I should have this is something that I should have shown about the prompts, but shown about the prompts, but shown about the prompts, but one of the great things about these one of the great things about these one of the great things about these prompts is because this is within your prompts is because this is within your prompts is because this is within your Microsoft 365 ecosystem, Microsoft 365 ecosystem, Microsoft 365 ecosystem, when you put something in here, you can when you put something in here, you can when you put something in here, you can backslash and it'll automatically let backslash and it'll automatically let backslash and it'll automatically let you access all your files. So, I clicked you access all your files. So, I clicked you access all your files. So, I clicked on this one. Say you want to use one of on this one. Say you want to use one of on this one. Say you want to use one of these prompts, right? these prompts, right? these prompts, right? &gt;&gt; That is already there. It puts a &gt;&gt; That is already there. It puts a &gt;&gt; That is already there. It puts a backsplash, suggests ways to communicate backsplash, suggests ways to communicate backsplash, suggests ways to communicate findings from and then it lets you findings from and then it lets you findings from and then it lets you upload a file to a non-technical upload a file to a non-technical upload a file to a non-technical audience. Like I guess what I'm trying audience. Like I guess what I'm trying audience. Like I guess what I'm trying to say is maybe to say is maybe to say is maybe &gt;&gt; you can tag all the different files and &gt;&gt; you can tag all the different files and &gt;&gt; you can tag all the different files and resources. resources. resources. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So let me &gt;&gt; Yeah. So let me &gt;&gt; Yeah. So let me &gt;&gt; can you also tag like other people's &gt;&gt; can you also tag like other people's &gt;&gt; can you also tag like other people's files as long as it's public or not files as long as it's public or not files as long as it's public or not public but shared with you in the public but shared with you in the public but shared with you in the organization organization organization &gt;&gt; if anything is shared with you in a one &gt;&gt; if anything is shared with you in a one &gt;&gt; if anything is shared with you in a one drive. Absolutely. Absolutely. drive. Absolutely. Absolutely. drive. Absolutely. Absolutely. &gt;&gt; So I could be like summarize all these &gt;&gt; So I could be like summarize all these &gt;&gt; So I could be like summarize all these powerpoints people keep sending me. powerpoints people keep sending me. powerpoints people keep sending me. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Absolutely. Anything even &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Absolutely. Anything even &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Absolutely. Anything even sites you have access to just to kind of sites you have access to just to kind of sites you have access to just to kind of give you an example. One of the cool give you an example. One of the cool give you an example. One of the cool things you can do about this is you can things you can do about this is you can things you can do about this is you can write something like please summarize write something like please summarize write something like please summarize this file and I can actually backslash this file and I can actually backslash this file and I can actually backslash and because Microsoft 365 is involved in and because Microsoft 365 is involved in and because Microsoft 365 is involved in my ecosystem right it's it's pulling my ecosystem right it's it's pulling my ecosystem right it's it's pulling from my one drive teams outlook it from my one drive teams outlook it from my one drive teams outlook it doesn't matter it lets me and says okay doesn't matter it lets me and says okay doesn't matter it lets me and says okay well do you want to pull from one of well do you want to pull from one of well do you want to pull from one of your files do you want to pull your files do you want to pull your files do you want to pull information from a meeting you have do information from a meeting you have do information from a meeting you have do you want to pull it from teammate. you want to pull it from teammate. you want to pull it from teammate. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's so handy. That is so handy. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's so handy. That is so handy. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's so handy. That is so handy. Yeah. Oh, man. Yeah. Oh, man. Yeah. Oh, man. &gt;&gt; You know, do you want to upload from &gt;&gt; You know, do you want to upload from &gt;&gt; You know, do you want to upload from your one drive something else? I mean, your one drive something else? I mean, your one drive something else? I mean, it kind of lets you just choose. So, it kind of lets you just choose. So, it kind of lets you just choose. So, there's so many things that are there's so many things that are there's so many things that are available. available. available. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, just to to emphasize how handy &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, just to to emphasize how handy &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, just to to emphasize how handy that is, like for example, I use Cloud that is, like for example, I use Cloud that is, like for example, I use Cloud Code a lot and of course I have MCP Code a lot and of course I have MCP Code a lot and of course I have MCP integrations with different apps I use, integrations with different apps I use, integrations with different apps I use, but I can't quite tag things directly. I but I can't quite tag things directly. I but I can't quite tag things directly. I still have to describe like, okay, do still have to describe like, okay, do still have to describe like, okay, do this and grab this. It's not like this this and grab this. It's not like this this and grab this. It's not like this connected where I can just tag like the connected where I can just tag like the connected where I can just tag like the exact items that I wanted to reference exact items that I wanted to reference exact items that I wanted to reference or manipulate. So, that that is really or manipulate. So, that that is really or manipulate. So, that that is really cool. So, good job, Copilot. cool. So, good job, Copilot. cool. So, good job, Copilot. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Co-Pilot. Copilot, I will tell &gt;&gt; Yeah, Co-Pilot. Copilot, I will tell &gt;&gt; Yeah, Co-Pilot. Copilot, I will tell you, really makes things easy for you. you, really makes things easy for you. you, really makes things easy for you. It just really does. And the reason I It just really does. And the reason I It just really does. And the reason I was actually pulling this up was because was actually pulling this up was because was actually pulling this up was because I wanted, I wanted, I wanted, let's see, let's see, let's see, summarize this file. Let's say space summarize this file. Let's say space summarize this file. Let's say space file. Okay, I'm going to do women build AI code presentation. I'm women build AI code presentation. I'm women build AI code presentation. I'm going to put summarize this file. It's a going to put summarize this file. It's a going to put summarize this file. It's a PowerPoint and I'll just have it and I will say the and I'll just have it and I will say the and I'll just have it and I will say the re the reason I'm summar the reason I'm re the reason I'm summar the reason I'm re the reason I'm summar the reason I'm having it summarized this. So I want to having it summarized this. So I want to having it summarized this. So I want to show you something. Earlier we talked show you something. Earlier we talked show you something. Earlier we talked just a little bit about pages and I said just a little bit about pages and I said just a little bit about pages and I said we would kind of come back to what pages we would kind of come back to what pages we would kind of come back to what pages could do. could do. could do. I want you to notice that after we put I want you to notice that after we put I want you to notice that after we put in this prompt. Well, this is a long in this prompt. Well, this is a long in this prompt. Well, this is a long PowerP. This is great. PowerP. This is great. PowerP. This is great. Yeah, it's a long Yeah, it's a long Yeah, it's a long &gt;&gt; I'm learning just reading it. &gt;&gt; I'm learning just reading it. &gt;&gt; I'm learning just reading it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a long PowerPoint. Okay, if &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a long PowerPoint. Okay, if &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a long PowerPoint. Okay, if you notice here, I have this right here. you notice here, I have this right here. you notice here, I have this right here. I can copy it. But one of the things I I can copy it. But one of the things I I can copy it. But one of the things I have here is editing pages. have here is editing pages. have here is editing pages. What I could do is when you push editing What I could do is when you push editing What I could do is when you push editing pages, all the information comes up and pages, all the information comes up and pages, all the information comes up and now you can manipulate it. Maybe I want now you can manipulate it. Maybe I want now you can manipulate it. Maybe I want to take out the executive summary. Maybe to take out the executive summary. Maybe to take out the executive summary. Maybe I want to take out I want to take out I want to take out &gt;&gt; So now this functions like a word doc. &gt;&gt; So now this functions like a word doc. &gt;&gt; So now this functions like a word doc. So you can directly edit it. Could you So you can directly edit it. Could you So you can directly edit it. Could you show that like maybe just remove a show that like maybe just remove a show that like maybe just remove a section? section? section? &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; Or or add a section or anything else you &gt;&gt; Or or add a section or anything else you &gt;&gt; Or or add a section or anything else you can do. Yeah, can do. Yeah, can do. Yeah, &gt;&gt; delete that. And and let me say this, &gt;&gt; delete that. And and let me say this, &gt;&gt; delete that. And and let me say this, the sections can be moved. There's so the sections can be moved. There's so the sections can be moved. There's so many things you can do with these many things you can do with these many things you can do with these sections. You see these four dots? Drag sections. You see these four dots? Drag sections. You see these four dots? Drag and hold. I could put it I could put a and hold. I could put it I could put a and hold. I could put it I could put a section somewhere else. It's kind of section somewhere else. It's kind of section somewhere else. It's kind of like GPT canvas where it's like you like GPT canvas where it's like you like GPT canvas where it's like you might start with initial draft and then might start with initial draft and then might start with initial draft and then you really want to go in there and tweak you really want to go in there and tweak you really want to go in there and tweak the draft, make it your own or add, you the draft, make it your own or add, you the draft, make it your own or add, you know, custom information. So now you know, custom information. So now you know, custom information. So now you have like a word doc experience where have like a word doc experience where have like a word doc experience where you can edit directly here. you can edit directly here. you can edit directly here. &gt;&gt; Exactly. So there's so many things you &gt;&gt; Exactly. So there's so many things you &gt;&gt; Exactly. So there's so many things you can do in here. You can still work with can do in here. You can still work with can do in here. You can still work with co-pilot within it. And then you can co-pilot within it. And then you can co-pilot within it. And then you can share it. So I can share this with other share it. So I can share this with other share it. So I can share this with other people if they want to collaborate. I people if they want to collaborate. I people if they want to collaborate. I could share this with you right now if could share this with you right now if could share this with you right now if you wanted to and we could both you wanted to and we could both you wanted to and we could both collaborate on it. I could copy this and collaborate on it. I could copy this and collaborate on it. I could copy this and and send it in an email to somebody and send it in an email to somebody and send it in an email to somebody else. So there's so many things you can else. So there's so many things you can else. So there's so many things you can do with it and I can add it to a do with it and I can add it to a do with it and I can add it to a of topics that I'm doing research on. I of topics that I'm doing research on. I of topics that I'm doing research on. I could take all those pages and now I can could take all those pages and now I can could take all those pages and now I can create a notebook. create a notebook. create a notebook. &gt;&gt; So there's so many things you can do &gt;&gt; So there's so many things you can do &gt;&gt; So there's so many things you can do with this. And then if I ever wanted to with this. And then if I ever wanted to with this. And then if I ever wanted to find this page again, then I could just find this page again, then I could just find this page again, then I could just go here and I remember in the library it go here and I remember in the library it go here and I remember in the library it lists all your pages. So you would be lists all your pages. So you would be lists all your pages. So you would be able to go back and find it. Okay. So able to go back and find it. Okay. So able to go back and find it. Okay. So now we have this awesome word doc here. now we have this awesome word doc here. now we have this awesome word doc here. But how do we convert it into a But how do we convert it into a But how do we convert it into a PowerPoint? You know in a lot of PowerPoint? You know in a lot of PowerPoint? You know in a lot of meetings I would have to prepare meetings I would have to prepare meetings I would have to prepare PowerPoint. Everybody can look at the PowerPoint. Everybody can look at the PowerPoint. Everybody can look at the PowerPoint. Everybody can share the PowerPoint. Everybody can share the PowerPoint. Everybody can share the PowerPoint. It's nice and visual. Can we PowerPoint. It's nice and visual. Can we PowerPoint. It's nice and visual. Can we actually go from here to a Microsoft actually go from here to a Microsoft actually go from here to a Microsoft PowerPoint? PowerPoint? PowerPoint? &gt;&gt; We could take this and this is solar &gt;&gt; We could take this and this is solar &gt;&gt; We could take this and this is solar energy powering a sustainable future. energy powering a sustainable future. energy powering a sustainable future. This is a file that we've created right This is a file that we've created right This is a file that we've created right now. We can go and click on PowerPoint. now. We can go and click on PowerPoint. now. We can go and click on PowerPoint. I'm going to create a blank I'm going to create a blank I'm going to create a blank presentation. And these are so many presentation. And these are so many presentation. And these are so many choices. One, create a new presentation. choices. One, create a new presentation. choices. One, create a new presentation. That's basically you're just giving it a That's basically you're just giving it a That's basically you're just giving it a topic. It's going to do its own thing topic. It's going to do its own thing topic. It's going to do its own thing and create a presentation. Or I could and create a presentation. Or I could and create a presentation. Or I could create a new presentation from file. And create a new presentation from file. And create a new presentation from file. And that's what we're going to do. We're that's what we're going to do. We're that's what we're going to do. We're going to grab that file we were working going to grab that file we were working going to grab that file we were working on and create a new presentation from on and create a new presentation from on and create a new presentation from that file. Or you could do add a slide. that file. Or you could do add a slide. that file. Or you could do add a slide. Add a slide is when you already have Add a slide is when you already have Add a slide is when you already have created your presentation and maybe you created your presentation and maybe you created your presentation and maybe you just say, "Hey, I need a slide in there just say, "Hey, I need a slide in there just say, "Hey, I need a slide in there on governance or I need one more on governance or I need one more on governance or I need one more additional slide on one particular additional slide on one particular additional slide on one particular topic." You can add it to have an added topic." You can add it to have an added topic." You can add it to have an added slide. Add a topic is when you actually slide. Add a topic is when you actually slide. Add a topic is when you actually wanted to add a whole section. Maybe you wanted to add a whole section. Maybe you wanted to add a whole section. Maybe you say, "Well, I don't need just one slide say, "Well, I don't need just one slide say, "Well, I don't need just one slide on this topic." You know, I think I need on this topic." You know, I think I need on this topic." You know, I think I need to add a whole section to my PowerPoint to add a whole section to my PowerPoint to add a whole section to my PowerPoint about a certain topic. about a certain topic. about a certain topic. &gt;&gt; That's nice. I didn't even notice that &gt;&gt; That's nice. I didn't even notice that &gt;&gt; That's nice. I didn't even notice that magic button. I feel like that wasn't magic button. I feel like that wasn't magic button. I feel like that wasn't there before when I last used Microsoft there before when I last used Microsoft there before when I last used Microsoft PowerPoint. Like the little magic icon PowerPoint. Like the little magic icon PowerPoint. Like the little magic icon you're clicking. you're clicking. you're clicking. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this right here. Yeah. You know &gt;&gt; Yeah, this right here. Yeah. You know &gt;&gt; Yeah, this right here. Yeah. You know what? This is new. A lot of what they're what? This is new. A lot of what they're what? This is new. A lot of what they're doing is new. It's amazing. It's amazing doing is new. It's amazing. It's amazing doing is new. It's amazing. It's amazing things that they have now. things that they have now. things that they have now. &gt;&gt; New slide or right click the blank slide &gt;&gt; New slide or right click the blank slide &gt;&gt; New slide or right click the blank slide and then add another slide from what I and then add another slide from what I and then add another slide from what I remember. remember. remember. &gt;&gt; So, I didn't even know that. &gt;&gt; So, I didn't even know that. &gt;&gt; So, I didn't even know that. &gt;&gt; And that's what you used to have to do. &gt;&gt; And that's what you used to have to do. &gt;&gt; And that's what you used to have to do. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You used to have to do so much to make &gt;&gt; You used to have to do so much to make &gt;&gt; You used to have to do so much to make this work. Now, like you said, we've got this work. Now, like you said, we've got this work. Now, like you said, we've got this little magic button that'll show us this little magic button that'll show us this little magic button that'll show us what to do. And we can even if we want what to do. And we can even if we want what to do. And we can even if we want to make little changes and edits once we to make little changes and edits once we to make little changes and edits once we do the presentation, we can click on ask do the presentation, we can click on ask do the presentation, we can click on ask co-pilot. So you can go to PowerPoint co-pilot. So you can go to PowerPoint co-pilot. So you can go to PowerPoint and you can decide well listen I want to and you can decide well listen I want to and you can decide well listen I want to create a new presentation. We already create a new presentation. We already create a new presentation. We already did a word document on solar energy. So did a word document on solar energy. So did a word document on solar energy. So now I want to create a presentation now I want to create a presentation now I want to create a presentation regarding solar energy. So I can just regarding solar energy. So I can just regarding solar energy. So I can just click on create a new presentation. click on create a new presentation. click on create a new presentation. And then it tells me well what kind of And then it tells me well what kind of And then it tells me well what kind of presentation would you like to create? presentation would you like to create? presentation would you like to create? Presentation about and I can just put Presentation about and I can just put Presentation about and I can just put solar energy. And if I wanted to, I solar energy. And if I wanted to, I solar energy. And if I wanted to, I could even reference that file that we could even reference that file that we could even reference that file that we just created. But in this case, I'm fine just created. But in this case, I'm fine just created. But in this case, I'm fine with it just coming up with a general with it just coming up with a general with it just coming up with a general presentation about solar energy. So I'm presentation about solar energy. So I'm presentation about solar energy. So I'm going to click this going to click this going to click this &gt;&gt; a little &gt;&gt; a little &gt;&gt; a little &gt;&gt; and it's going to give me an outline of &gt;&gt; and it's going to give me an outline of &gt;&gt; and it's going to give me an outline of the presentation. the presentation. the presentation. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; And the great part about it is now it &gt;&gt; And the great part about it is now it &gt;&gt; And the great part about it is now it lets you kind of choose what kind of lets you kind of choose what kind of lets you kind of choose what kind of background do you want? I know you just background do you want? I know you just background do you want? I know you just picked a general presentation, but what picked a general presentation, but what picked a general presentation, but what kind of style do you want? And so you kind of style do you want? And so you kind of style do you want? And so you can pick right then what kind of style can pick right then what kind of style can pick right then what kind of style you want. I'm gonna say that I'll do you want. I'm gonna say that I'll do you want. I'm gonna say that I'll do pitch black. I kind of like that. And pitch black. I kind of like that. And pitch black. I kind of like that. And then I'm gonna say these topics sound then I'm gonna say these topics sound then I'm gonna say these topics sound pretty good. So I'm going to go ahead pretty good. So I'm going to go ahead pretty good. So I'm going to go ahead and ask it to generate the slides. and ask it to generate the slides. and ask it to generate the slides. So here we have where it's creating a So here we have where it's creating a So here we have where it's creating a presentation with co-pilot. It's adding presentation with co-pilot. It's adding presentation with co-pilot. It's adding titles to the slides. titles to the slides. titles to the slides. And so in this use case you're showing And so in this use case you're showing And so in this use case you're showing you're showing starting from scratch you're showing starting from scratch you're showing starting from scratch just typing in the topic and then just typing in the topic and then just typing in the topic and then generating the slides with AI. generating the slides with AI. generating the slides with AI. &gt;&gt; Yes, exactly. So this is for if you're &gt;&gt; Yes, exactly. So this is for if you're &gt;&gt; Yes, exactly. So this is for if you're doing a presentation and you maybe doing a presentation and you maybe doing a presentation and you maybe already have a topic and you decide I already have a topic and you decide I already have a topic and you decide I don't necessarily want to tie in any don't necessarily want to tie in any don't necessarily want to tie in any files. I just want to see what AI can files. I just want to see what AI can files. I just want to see what AI can give me just working with what it knows give me just working with what it knows give me just working with what it knows on this particular topic. on this particular topic. on this particular topic. And the great thing about this is not And the great thing about this is not And the great thing about this is not only does it create a presentation, but only does it create a presentation, but only does it create a presentation, but it also creates speaker notes. And a lot it also creates speaker notes. And a lot it also creates speaker notes. And a lot of times that's the most work. You know, of times that's the most work. You know, of times that's the most work. You know, what do I say with each slide? Because what do I say with each slide? Because what do I say with each slide? Because it's not if you have a PowerPoint, it's not if you have a PowerPoint, it's not if you have a PowerPoint, that's great. But if you don't know what that's great. But if you don't know what that's great. But if you don't know what to say from slide to slide, to say from slide to slide, to say from slide to slide, &gt;&gt; it's not something you can really use. &gt;&gt; it's not something you can really use. &gt;&gt; it's not something you can really use. &gt;&gt; And is this taken to your brand kit into &gt;&gt; And is this taken to your brand kit into &gt;&gt; And is this taken to your brand kit into account? Like if you have an account? Like if you have an account? Like if you have an enterprisewide brand kit, brand colors, enterprisewide brand kit, brand colors, enterprisewide brand kit, brand colors, and and and &gt;&gt; you can absolutely. Yes, you can use &gt;&gt; you can absolutely. Yes, you can use &gt;&gt; you can absolutely. Yes, you can use custom templates. You can use a brand custom templates. You can use a brand custom templates. You can use a brand kit. All of that's available for you. kit. All of that's available for you. kit. All of that's available for you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I remember I had to like through &gt;&gt; Yeah, I remember I had to like through &gt;&gt; Yeah, I remember I had to like through the design assets, choose clone the the design assets, choose clone the the design assets, choose clone the PowerPoint, you know, so it looks nice PowerPoint, you know, so it looks nice PowerPoint, you know, so it looks nice and consistent with the rest of the and consistent with the rest of the and consistent with the rest of the company. That'd be really cool if AI can company. That'd be really cool if AI can company. That'd be really cool if AI can populate those templates, you know, so populate those templates, you know, so populate those templates, you know, so it looks nice and consistent. it looks nice and consistent. it looks nice and consistent. &gt;&gt; I can do that. Absolutely. It can work &gt;&gt; I can do that. Absolutely. It can work &gt;&gt; I can do that. Absolutely. It can work with a brand kit. It makes it so much with a brand kit. It makes it so much with a brand kit. It makes it so much easier. That's one of the real benefits easier. That's one of the real benefits easier. That's one of the real benefits of it. So, you have this introduction to of it. So, you have this introduction to of it. So, you have this introduction to solar energy, this really cool kind of solar energy, this really cool kind of solar energy, this really cool kind of presentation it made. And at this point, presentation it made. And at this point, presentation it made. And at this point, I can go and I can delete any of these I can go and I can delete any of these I can go and I can delete any of these slides if I don't like them. But if I slides if I don't like them. But if I slides if I don't like them. But if I think that they're okay and I'm saying, think that they're okay and I'm saying, think that they're okay and I'm saying, "Okay, I like them," then I can go ahead "Okay, I like them," then I can go ahead "Okay, I like them," then I can go ahead and decide to keep it. and decide to keep it. and decide to keep it. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; And so, I'm going to show you the &gt;&gt; And so, I'm going to show you the &gt;&gt; And so, I'm going to show you the presentation. presentation. presentation. &gt;&gt; Well, this is nice with animation and &gt;&gt; Well, this is nice with animation and &gt;&gt; Well, this is nice with animation and everything. everything. everything. Yeah, it really makes a great Yeah, it really makes a great Yeah, it really makes a great presentation. presentation. presentation. And all of this was not even using a And all of this was not even using a And all of this was not even using a file. This is just asking it to create a This is just asking it to create a This is just asking it to create a presentation for us. presentation for us. presentation for us. &gt;&gt; So if we started with a Google do not no &gt;&gt; So if we started with a Google do not no &gt;&gt; So if we started with a Google do not no if we started with a Microsoft Word if we started with a Microsoft Word if we started with a Microsoft Word document or an outline, then it could document or an outline, then it could document or an outline, then it could easily map it to PowerPoint slides like easily map it to PowerPoint slides like easily map it to PowerPoint slides like this. this. this. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Then it can be based off the &gt;&gt; Exactly. Then it can be based off the &gt;&gt; Exactly. Then it can be based off the whatever document you have, whatever whatever document you have, whatever whatever document you have, whatever presentation you have, it can do a presentation you have, it can do a presentation you have, it can do a PowerPoint based on that. So let's say PowerPoint based on that. So let's say PowerPoint based on that. So let's say you were in a meeting and it was fourth you were in a meeting and it was fourth you were in a meeting and it was fourth quarter sales, then it could easily do quarter sales, then it could easily do quarter sales, then it could easily do the PowerPoint based upon fourth quarter the PowerPoint based upon fourth quarter the PowerPoint based upon fourth quarter sales, growth projections, anything sales, growth projections, anything sales, growth projections, anything along that lines. And the great thing along that lines. And the great thing along that lines. And the great thing about all this also is that there are about all this also is that there are about all this also is that there are speaker notes that actually go with it. speaker notes that actually go with it. speaker notes that actually go with it. So when you're doing this presentation, So when you're doing this presentation, So when you're doing this presentation, you have speaker notes to talk to about you have speaker notes to talk to about you have speaker notes to talk to about Should I ask Copilot to make some edits? Should I ask Copilot to make some edits? Should I ask Copilot to make some edits? Like if there's, let's say, a couple Like if there's, let's say, a couple Like if there's, let's say, a couple slides or a section I don't like, is slides or a section I don't like, is slides or a section I don't like, is there a way to like highlight a row of there a way to like highlight a row of there a way to like highlight a row of here and be like, "Hey, can you edit here and be like, "Hey, can you edit here and be like, "Hey, can you edit these?" Yes, you can absolutely make these?" Yes, you can absolutely make these?" Yes, you can absolutely make changes to the presentation. So, let's changes to the presentation. So, let's changes to the presentation. So, let's look over here. I'm going to pick slide look over here. I'm going to pick slide look over here. I'm going to pick slide number two, which is agenda overview. number two, which is agenda overview. number two, which is agenda overview. Now, if you ask me, this is kind of Now, if you ask me, this is kind of Now, if you ask me, this is kind of plain, right? It's just black with a plain, right? It's just black with a plain, right? It's just black with a whole lot of letters, and I really want whole lot of letters, and I really want whole lot of letters, and I really want it to look more exciting. So, I can go it to look more exciting. So, I can go it to look more exciting. So, I can go here and then I can click on ask copilot here and then I can click on ask copilot here and then I can click on ask copilot and it's going to open up this pane and it's going to open up this pane and it's going to open up this pane that's on the left side. And then I'm that's on the left side. And then I'm that's on the left side. And then I'm going to type in going to type in going to type in &gt;&gt; that third option, find slides from &gt;&gt; that third option, find slides from &gt;&gt; that third option, find slides from similar decks used by my team for this similar decks used by my team for this similar decks used by my team for this topic. That's really cool. Like if topic. That's really cool. Like if topic. That's really cool. Like if someone has like a cool visualization or someone has like a cool visualization or someone has like a cool visualization or graphic that they use in a different graphic that they use in a different graphic that they use in a different slide and you could kind of repurpose slide and you could kind of repurpose slide and you could kind of repurpose that for your own use case. that for your own use case. that for your own use case. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a great one to use. Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a great one to use. Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a great one to use. Okay. And I could ask Copilot and I could say, And I could ask Copilot and I could say, And I could ask Copilot and I could say, can you please create an image for this can you please create an image for this can you please create an image for this slide? So, I'm going to put right here, slide? So, I'm going to put right here, slide? So, I'm going to put right here, please create an image for this slide. please create an image for this slide. please create an image for this slide. And Copilot's thinking, what kind of And Copilot's thinking, what kind of And Copilot's thinking, what kind of image should I add to this slide? So, image should I add to this slide? So, image should I add to this slide? So, it's reviewing the data and it's making it's reviewing the data and it's making it's reviewing the data and it's making a decision and it should add an image to a decision and it should add an image to a decision and it should add an image to the slide. the slide. the slide. &gt;&gt; That looks cool. The loading animation. &gt;&gt; That looks cool. The loading animation. &gt;&gt; That looks cool. The loading animation. I can say this image generator was the I can say this image generator was the I can say this image generator was the same image generator we saw earlier in same image generator we saw earlier in same image generator we saw earlier in the first presentation where I showed the first presentation where I showed the first presentation where I showed you all that stuff on the home screen. you all that stuff on the home screen. you all that stuff on the home screen. It's using that same energy generator. It's using that same energy generator. It's using that same energy generator. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Cool. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Cool. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Cool. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, I asked it to please create an &gt;&gt; Okay. So, I asked it to please create an &gt;&gt; Okay. So, I asked it to please create an image for the slide. So, it created an image for the slide. So, it created an image for the slide. So, it created an image and that goes with our slide about image and that goes with our slide about image and that goes with our slide about solar energy. solar energy. solar energy. &gt;&gt; So, this has been created and it's ready &gt;&gt; So, this has been created and it's ready &gt;&gt; So, this has been created and it's ready to use for slide two agenda overview. So to use for slide two agenda overview. So to use for slide two agenda overview. So what I could do is I could just if you what I could do is I could just if you what I could do is I could just if you notice there is a plus. I can use that notice there is a plus. I can use that notice there is a plus. I can use that plus to insert that image right onto the plus to insert that image right onto the plus to insert that image right onto the slide. And then of course I would slide. And then of course I would slide. And then of course I would formulate it and decide where do I want formulate it and decide where do I want formulate it and decide where do I want to put that image. And one of the things to put that image. And one of the things to put that image. And one of the things that people I think one of their biggest that people I think one of their biggest that people I think one of their biggest mistakes is they lean so heavy on mistakes is they lean so heavy on mistakes is they lean so heavy on co-pilot that they forget there's these co-pilot that they forget there's these co-pilot that they forget there's these design suggestions over here. This is a design suggestions over here. This is a design suggestions over here. This is a longtime feature of PowerPoint, but it longtime feature of PowerPoint, but it longtime feature of PowerPoint, but it works handinhand and great with Copilot. works handinhand and great with Copilot. works handinhand and great with Copilot. So, you see, I asked Copilot to do that So, you see, I asked Copilot to do that So, you see, I asked Copilot to do that picture and it put it there. But look at picture and it put it there. But look at picture and it put it there. But look at the design suggestions and all the ways the design suggestions and all the ways the design suggestions and all the ways I can change it. So, I might decide to I can change it. So, I might decide to I can change it. So, I might decide to do this, you know. I might think that do this, you know. I might think that do this, you know. I might think that looks better or maybe I like this looks better or maybe I like this looks better or maybe I like this better, better, better, you know. So, on my right side, I have you know. So, on my right side, I have you know. So, on my right side, I have so many choices. Once I get Copilot to so many choices. Once I get Copilot to so many choices. Once I get Copilot to create an image, I can get it to insert create an image, I can get it to insert create an image, I can get it to insert it into that PowerPoint and then I can it into that PowerPoint and then I can it into that PowerPoint and then I can use the designer to really take that use the designer to really take that use the designer to really take that PowerPoint to the next level. PowerPoint to the next level. PowerPoint to the next level. &gt;&gt; I like that. So, is design suggestions &gt;&gt; I like that. So, is design suggestions &gt;&gt; I like that. So, is design suggestions is that part of Copilot or it was just a is that part of Copilot or it was just a is that part of Copilot or it was just a feature even well before Copilot? feature even well before Copilot? feature even well before Copilot? &gt;&gt; It was a feature well before Copilot, &gt;&gt; It was a feature well before Copilot, &gt;&gt; It was a feature well before Copilot, but it works hand in hand and it's but it works hand in hand and it's but it works hand in hand and it's definitely gotten better over the years. definitely gotten better over the years. definitely gotten better over the years. So, I wouldn't be surprised if they put So, I wouldn't be surprised if they put So, I wouldn't be surprised if they put AI somehow into it cuz they pretty much AI somehow into it cuz they pretty much AI somehow into it cuz they pretty much put AI into everything. But yeah, design put AI into everything. But yeah, design put AI into everything. But yeah, design suggestions has been here for a while, suggestions has been here for a while, suggestions has been here for a while, but it works hand inhand and works great but it works hand inhand and works great but it works hand inhand and works great with copilot. Another great thing that with copilot. Another great thing that with copilot. Another great thing that you can also do is let's say you already you can also do is let's say you already you can also do is let's say you already have a PowerPoint. Let's say someone have a PowerPoint. Let's say someone have a PowerPoint. Let's say someone gives you a PowerPoint. So, I'm going to gives you a PowerPoint. So, I'm going to gives you a PowerPoint. So, I'm going to go to PowerPoint and let's say I'm going to look through and let's say I'm going to look through and let's say I'm going to look through PowerPoints that I already have, right? PowerPoints that I already have, right? PowerPoints that I already have, right? Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. &gt;&gt; And so I'm going to go. This is a group &gt;&gt; And so I'm going to go. This is a group &gt;&gt; And so I'm going to go. This is a group that I'm actually part of, women build that I'm actually part of, women build that I'm actually part of, women build AI. So it's a really great um AI. So it's a really great um AI. So it's a really great um &gt;&gt; I think I've heard of it &gt;&gt; I think I've heard of it &gt;&gt; I think I've heard of it &gt;&gt; community. Yeah, &gt;&gt; community. Yeah, &gt;&gt; community. Yeah, it's a really great community and we it's a really great community and we it's a really great community and we talk about a lot of things. And one of talk about a lot of things. And one of talk about a lot of things. And one of the things I've done in the past is I've the things I've done in the past is I've the things I've done in the past is I've given presentations on co-pilot. Well, given presentations on co-pilot. Well, given presentations on co-pilot. Well, let's say you have this presentation and let's say you have this presentation and let's say you have this presentation and you don't really want to go through all you don't really want to go through all you don't really want to go through all of it. You just want a summary. You of it. You just want a summary. You of it. You just want a summary. You could click on co-pilot could click on co-pilot could click on co-pilot and you could say summarize this and you could say summarize this and you could say summarize this presentation and think about how presentation and think about how presentation and think about how beneficial that is. How many times in beneficial that is. How many times in beneficial that is. How many times in corporate America someone sends you this corporate America someone sends you this corporate America someone sends you this long presentation? I've received long presentation? I've received long presentation? I've received presentations that 80 slides. Yeah. 80 presentations that 80 slides. Yeah. 80 presentations that 80 slides. Yeah. 80 slots. Oh, well then you beat me with slots. Oh, well then you beat me with slots. Oh, well then you beat me with 200 slides. I the longest one I think I 200 slides. I the longest one I think I 200 slides. I the longest one I think I can where I'm looking for the can where I'm looking for the can where I'm looking for the &gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't even know like what am I &gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't even know like what am I &gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't even know like what am I looking for? Which slide is it on? Like looking for? Which slide is it on? Like looking for? Which slide is it on? Like usually it's only a section I'm looking usually it's only a section I'm looking usually it's only a section I'm looking for. I don't need like the full thing. for. I don't need like the full thing. for. I don't need like the full thing. Yeah. And sometimes you're like, can you Yeah. And sometimes you're like, can you Yeah. And sometimes you're like, can you just give me an overview? So here it just give me an overview? So here it just give me an overview? So here it goes ahead and it just gives you a goes ahead and it just gives you a goes ahead and it just gives you a summary of the slides, right? And then summary of the slides, right? And then summary of the slides, right? And then of course everywhere it has this kind of of course everywhere it has this kind of of course everywhere it has this kind of I like to call this the receipts, right? I like to call this the receipts, right? I like to call this the receipts, right? If you want to say, well, hey, where is If you want to say, well, hey, where is If you want to say, well, hey, where is this even found in this pres this even found in this pres this even found in this pres presentation? You can click on it and presentation? You can click on it and presentation? You can click on it and it'll take you to where it is in the it'll take you to where it is in the it'll take you to where it is in the presentation. presentation. presentation. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's great. Yeah, that would be &gt;&gt; Oh, that's great. Yeah, that would be &gt;&gt; Oh, that's great. Yeah, that would be super handy just to ask questions like, super handy just to ask questions like, super handy just to ask questions like, "Oh, where did they talk about this? Did "Oh, where did they talk about this? Did "Oh, where did they talk about this? Did anyone bring up this other topic? Was anyone bring up this other topic? Was anyone bring up this other topic? Was there a decision made regarding like there a decision made regarding like there a decision made regarding like these sets of issues?" You know, so like these sets of issues?" You know, so like these sets of issues?" You know, so like that that's so you can just ask that for that that's so you can just ask that for that that's so you can just ask that for the PowerPoint and then you can go there the PowerPoint and then you can go there the PowerPoint and then you can go there and like see what else they were talking and like see what else they were talking and like see what else they were talking about in that section. about in that section. about in that section. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I'm going to ask it. What does &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I'm going to ask it. What does &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I'm going to ask it. What does this presentation say about co-pilot this presentation say about co-pilot this presentation say about co-pilot security? And so it's going to review security? And so it's going to review security? And so it's going to review the data in this presentation. the data in this presentation. the data in this presentation. All right. Now, so if you look at that, All right. Now, so if you look at that, All right. Now, so if you look at that, I'm going to compare that with the I'm going to compare that with the I'm going to compare that with the slide. I have a slide here on security. slide. I have a slide here on security. slide. I have a slide here on security. Right. And if you notice it, it quotes Right. And if you notice it, it quotes Right. And if you notice it, it quotes directly from the slide about security. directly from the slide about security. directly from the slide about security. Like you said, what you said was a Like you said, what you said was a Like you said, what you said was a beautiful use case for it. You can just beautiful use case for it. You can just beautiful use case for it. You can just especially if you have those long 80page especially if you have those long 80page especially if you have those long 80page PowerPoints, rather than kind of going PowerPoints, rather than kind of going PowerPoints, rather than kind of going through it, you can just get a summary through it, you can just get a summary through it, you can just get a summary and then you can ask direct questions and then you can ask direct questions and then you can ask direct questions and get that information directly from and get that information directly from and get that information directly from the PowerPoint. the PowerPoint. the PowerPoint. &gt;&gt; Yeah. because I feel like one of the big &gt;&gt; Yeah. because I feel like one of the big &gt;&gt; Yeah. because I feel like one of the big recurring pain points in a larger recurring pain points in a larger recurring pain points in a larger organization is alignment across organization is alignment across organization is alignment across multiple teams and stakeholders. So it's multiple teams and stakeholders. So it's multiple teams and stakeholders. So it's often like how do I find the right often like how do I find the right often like how do I find the right information? What is the context around information? What is the context around information? What is the context around it? Then when I create my information it? Then when I create my information it? Then when I create my information whether it's a word doc, an email or a whether it's a word doc, an email or a whether it's a word doc, an email or a presentation, how do I make sure that is presentation, how do I make sure that is presentation, how do I make sure that is aligned with our previous discussions aligned with our previous discussions aligned with our previous discussions which probably were three months in. which probably were three months in. which probably were three months in. Right? This is we're talking about large Right? This is we're talking about large Right? This is we're talking about large enterprise here like multiple complex enterprise here like multiple complex enterprise here like multiple complex teams coordination lots of decisions teams coordination lots of decisions teams coordination lots of decisions lots of stakeholders different lots of stakeholders different lots of stakeholders different incentives and so it's really incentives and so it's really incentives and so it's really interesting how like copilot is really interesting how like copilot is really interesting how like copilot is really thoughtfully thought about how do we thoughtfully thought about how do we thoughtfully thought about how do we integrate this in such a way to make integrate this in such a way to make integrate this in such a way to make those tasks easier how do we help the those tasks easier how do we help the those tasks easier how do we help the person find the right information find person find the right information find person find the right information find the context and then create assets that the context and then create assets that the context and then create assets that are consistent with that larger decision are consistent with that larger decision are consistent with that larger decision stream whatever it may be stream whatever it may be stream whatever it may be &gt;&gt; that summed it up perfectly one of the &gt;&gt; that summed it up perfectly one of the &gt;&gt; that summed it up perfectly one of the Great things about Co-Pilot is it lets Great things about Co-Pilot is it lets Great things about Co-Pilot is it lets you add any kind of image you want to a you add any kind of image you want to a you add any kind of image you want to a slide. So here I have challenges and slide. So here I have challenges and slide. So here I have challenges and limitations of solar energy. And I limitations of solar energy. And I limitations of solar energy. And I really want some kind of image on this really want some kind of image on this really want some kind of image on this slide. So I'm going to say slide. So I'm going to say slide. So I'm going to say I want an image of a red car. And then I want an image of a red car. And then I want an image of a red car. And then I'm going to click these tools, these I'm going to click these tools, these I'm going to click these tools, these two lines for tools. and I'm going to two lines for tools. and I'm going to two lines for tools. and I'm going to choose the designer. Now, you can choose choose the designer. Now, you can choose choose the designer. Now, you can choose different agents to help you do different agents to help you do different agents to help you do different things. And for this task, different things. And for this task, different things. And for this task, which is creating an image, I'm going to which is creating an image, I'm going to which is creating an image, I'm going to click designer and then click designer and then click designer and then I'm going to click send. So, it's going I'm going to click send. So, it's going I'm going to click send. So, it's going to take a few moments. All right. So, to take a few moments. All right. So, to take a few moments. All right. So, here you see I could just push the here you see I could just push the here you see I could just push the insert and I could put this image into insert and I could put this image into insert and I could put this image into the presentation. And the great thing the presentation. And the great thing the presentation. And the great thing about designer is it kind of lets you about designer is it kind of lets you about designer is it kind of lets you pick. So I can go to designer and say, pick. So I can go to designer and say, pick. So I can go to designer and say, hey, what do I want? So here I'm hey, what do I want? So here I'm hey, what do I want? So here I'm thinking this matches best with the look thinking this matches best with the look thinking this matches best with the look of my presentation. And so that's what I of my presentation. And so that's what I of my presentation. And so that's what I put in here. So using uh designer with put in here. So using uh designer with put in here. So using uh designer with co-pilot can really make the difference. co-pilot can really make the difference. co-pilot can really make the difference. And you can call on anytime you want to And you can call on anytime you want to And you can call on anytime you want to add an image or anything like that, you add an image or anything like that, you add an image or anything like that, you can call on designer to help you do it. can call on designer to help you do it. can call on designer to help you do it. So I've heard about this wave three So I've heard about this wave three So I've heard about this wave three announcement from Microsoft. Is that announcement from Microsoft. Is that announcement from Microsoft. Is that part of co-pilot? Is that something we part of co-pilot? Is that something we part of co-pilot? Is that something we can demo and learn about now? Yes. And can demo and learn about now? Yes. And can demo and learn about now? Yes. And let me tell you, wave three is taking it let me tell you, wave three is taking it let me tell you, wave three is taking it to a whole new level. Wave 1 with to a whole new level. Wave 1 with to a whole new level. Wave 1 with Copilot was just kind of like an Copilot was just kind of like an Copilot was just kind of like an introduction. You got to see how you introduction. You got to see how you introduction. You got to see how you could draft things, write things, and could draft things, write things, and could draft things, write things, and answer questions inside of Word, Excel, answer questions inside of Word, Excel, answer questions inside of Word, Excel, Outlook. Then wave two was more of an Outlook. Then wave two was more of an Outlook. Then wave two was more of an expansion. You saw things like pages and expansion. You saw things like pages and expansion. You saw things like pages and little bit about agents. But now wave little bit about agents. But now wave little bit about agents. But now wave three is the next phase. You're dealing three is the next phase. You're dealing three is the next phase. You're dealing with agents inside of everything. Word, with agents inside of everything. Word, with agents inside of everything. Word, Excel, Excel, Excel, all of it has agents inside of it. You all of it has agents inside of it. You all of it has agents inside of it. You know how when you're dealing with that know how when you're dealing with that know how when you're dealing with that chat experience, you go back and forth. chat experience, you go back and forth. chat experience, you go back and forth. Well, now with agents, it's more outcome Well, now with agents, it's more outcome Well, now with agents, it's more outcome driven. So now wave three which has been driven. So now wave three which has been driven. So now wave three which has been released which has Word and Excel which released which has Word and Excel which released which has Word and Excel which I'm going to show you today both have I'm going to show you today both have I'm going to show you today both have that aenic feature where instead of that aenic feature where instead of that aenic feature where instead of going back and forth with prompting going back and forth with prompting going back and forth with prompting you're really just giving it a task and you're really just giving it a task and you're really just giving it a task and it's doing it. it's doing it. it's doing it. &gt;&gt; Okay, that sounds awesome. Yeah, I'm &gt;&gt; Okay, that sounds awesome. Yeah, I'm &gt;&gt; Okay, that sounds awesome. Yeah, I'm really excited to see it. really excited to see it. really excited to see it. &gt;&gt; Okay, great. So the first thing I think &gt;&gt; Okay, great. So the first thing I think &gt;&gt; Okay, great. So the first thing I think it would be cool to look at is how it it would be cool to look at is how it it would be cool to look at is how it works in Excel. So let me go ahead and works in Excel. So let me go ahead and works in Excel. So let me go ahead and share my screen. share my screen. share my screen. &gt;&gt; Okay, I see it now. Yeah. Now, before in &gt;&gt; Okay, I see it now. Yeah. Now, before in &gt;&gt; Okay, I see it now. Yeah. Now, before in the past when Excel was to me one of the the past when Excel was to me one of the the past when Excel was to me one of the most frustrating products to use, I most frustrating products to use, I most frustrating products to use, I don't know if you've ever used Excel, don't know if you've ever used Excel, don't know if you've ever used Excel, but have you seen where you got to but have you seen where you got to but have you seen where you got to memorize these complicated formulas? And memorize these complicated formulas? And memorize these complicated formulas? And whenever you had to decide anything, you whenever you had to decide anything, you whenever you had to decide anything, you almost had to go through several steps. almost had to go through several steps. almost had to go through several steps. First, you had to think, what columns do First, you had to think, what columns do First, you had to think, what columns do I need? What should I put in the status I need? What should I put in the status I need? What should I put in the status fields? What should I put into each row? fields? What should I put into each row? fields? What should I put into each row? You had to kind of plan it out. You know You had to kind of plan it out. You know You had to kind of plan it out. You know what I mean? M and then the second level what I mean? M and then the second level what I mean? M and then the second level is you had to figure out how to do it. is you had to figure out how to do it. is you had to figure out how to do it. You know what formula will make this row You know what formula will make this row You know what formula will make this row add up? You know what formula how do I add up? You know what formula how do I add up? You know what formula how do I add a row? How do I subtract a row? add a row? How do I subtract a row? add a row? How do I subtract a row? Well, now that's completely gone. You Well, now that's completely gone. You Well, now that's completely gone. You ask copilot and with one prompt it can ask copilot and with one prompt it can ask copilot and with one prompt it can build your entire spreadsheet. build your entire spreadsheet. build your entire spreadsheet. &gt;&gt; So when you say wave three, is it &gt;&gt; So when you say wave three, is it &gt;&gt; So when you say wave three, is it automatically included in co-pilot so automatically included in co-pilot so automatically included in co-pilot so you don't have to go anywhere else? It's you don't have to go anywhere else? It's you don't have to go anywhere else? It's a great question and yes, it's a great question and yes, it's a great question and yes, it's automatically in your products. If you automatically in your products. If you automatically in your products. If you have that co-pilot license, you'll now have that co-pilot license, you'll now have that co-pilot license, you'll now see and I'll show you on the screen. see and I'll show you on the screen. see and I'll show you on the screen. When you go to co-pilot, you'll now see When you go to co-pilot, you'll now see When you go to co-pilot, you'll now see this edit with co-pilot and that means this edit with co-pilot and that means this edit with co-pilot and that means you have those updated capabilities. you have those updated capabilities. you have those updated capabilities. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Nice. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Nice. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Nice. &gt;&gt; So, I just wanted to give an example. &gt;&gt; So, I just wanted to give an example. &gt;&gt; So, I just wanted to give an example. Before, if you were going to create a Before, if you were going to create a Before, if you were going to create a spreadsheet, you said, "Hey, I'm spreadsheet, you said, "Hey, I'm spreadsheet, you said, "Hey, I'm planning on doing a workshop and five or planning on doing a workshop and five or planning on doing a workshop and five or seven people are going to help me do it. seven people are going to help me do it. seven people are going to help me do it. I need to plan an Excel spreadsheet I need to plan an Excel spreadsheet I need to plan an Excel spreadsheet that'll tell me who's doing what, when that'll tell me who's doing what, when that'll tell me who's doing what, when it's due, when it gets behind. I need it's due, when it gets behind. I need it's due, when it gets behind. I need something that's going to help me with something that's going to help me with something that's going to help me with all that." You would have to be the one all that." You would have to be the one all that." You would have to be the one to plan it out. What columns do I need? to plan it out. What columns do I need? to plan it out. What columns do I need? Should I have a status field? Maybe I Should I have a status field? Maybe I Should I have a status field? Maybe I need a field for dates, owners, need a field for dates, owners, need a field for dates, owners, priorities, all that. you'd have to priorities, all that. you'd have to priorities, all that. you'd have to figure out yourself. Now, Co-Pilot will figure out yourself. Now, Co-Pilot will figure out yourself. Now, Co-Pilot will do it. You could go to chat and you do it. You could go to chat and you do it. You could go to chat and you could say, "Hey, I'm planning a could say, "Hey, I'm planning a could say, "Hey, I'm planning a workshop. Five to seven people are workshop. Five to seven people are workshop. Five to seven people are working on it and we need to know who's working on it and we need to know who's working on it and we need to know who's doing what, when it's due, and when it's doing what, when it's due, and when it's doing what, when it's due, and when it's behind." And then chat will help you behind." And then chat will help you behind." And then chat will help you come up with a prompt. And then all you come up with a prompt. And then all you come up with a prompt. And then all you have to do is paste that prompt into have to do is paste that prompt into have to do is paste that prompt into Excel and it'll do all the work. Excel and it'll do all the work. Excel and it'll do all the work. &gt;&gt; Okay. Awesome. Let's see how it works. &gt;&gt; Okay. Awesome. Let's see how it works. &gt;&gt; Okay. Awesome. Let's see how it works. I'm going to paste a prompt. Create a I'm going to paste a prompt. Create a I'm going to paste a prompt. Create a project tracker for an organization project tracker for an organization project tracker for an organization planning a workshop including the track planning a workshop including the track planning a workshop including the track name, owner, detail, status, priority, name, owner, detail, status, priority, name, owner, detail, status, priority, percentage complete, endotes. Use dummy percentage complete, endotes. Use dummy percentage complete, endotes. Use dummy data for now. Now, that's an insider data for now. Now, that's an insider data for now. Now, that's an insider trick and I'll tell you later on why you trick and I'll tell you later on why you trick and I'll tell you later on why you want to use dummy data. And it says want to use dummy data. And it says want to use dummy data. And it says apply professional formatting and apply professional formatting and apply professional formatting and filtering and add visual indicators for filtering and add visual indicators for filtering and add visual indicators for overdue task and program statuses. You overdue task and program statuses. You overdue task and program statuses. You didn't even have before you would have didn't even have before you would have didn't even have before you would have had to come up with this whole prompt. had to come up with this whole prompt. had to come up with this whole prompt. &gt;&gt; You don't have to do that anymore. Chat &gt;&gt; You don't have to do that anymore. Chat &gt;&gt; You don't have to do that anymore. Chat will come up with a prompt. All you have will come up with a prompt. All you have will come up with a prompt. All you have to do is tell it that you're planning a to do is tell it that you're planning a to do is tell it that you're planning a workshop and you need to know how to workshop and you need to know how to workshop and you need to know how to track it. And then we're going to send track it. And then we're going to send track it. And then we're going to send that prompt to co-pilot that prompt to co-pilot that prompt to co-pilot &gt;&gt; or hope that somebody made an existing &gt;&gt; or hope that somebody made an existing &gt;&gt; or hope that somebody made an existing Excel sheet that you can clone so you Excel sheet that you can clone so you Excel sheet that you can clone so you don't have to start from scratch. don't have to start from scratch. don't have to start from scratch. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's how it was in the past. You &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's how it was in the past. You &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's how it was in the past. You know, you would go online try to find know, you would go online try to find know, you would go online try to find out. Yeah. You would have to do all that out. Yeah. You would have to do all that out. Yeah. You would have to do all that yourself. And you can see I can say it yourself. And you can see I can say it yourself. And you can see I can say it does take a little bit of time. So, as does take a little bit of time. So, as does take a little bit of time. So, as long as you have see those like little long as you have see those like little long as you have see those like little bubbles going in and out circles. bubbles going in and out circles. bubbles going in and out circles. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That lets you know that it's still &gt;&gt; Yeah. That lets you know that it's still &gt;&gt; Yeah. That lets you know that it's still working. working. working. &gt;&gt; This is super neat. I like how it's &gt;&gt; This is super neat. I like how it's &gt;&gt; This is super neat. I like how it's super easy in Excel. It reminds me of super easy in Excel. It reminds me of super easy in Excel. It reminds me of the Google Gemini kind of has a similar the Google Gemini kind of has a similar the Google Gemini kind of has a similar thing as well. Now, on the on the right thing as well. Now, on the on the right thing as well. Now, on the on the right side, side, side, &gt;&gt; Co-Pallet's really catching up to &gt;&gt; Co-Pallet's really catching up to &gt;&gt; Co-Pallet's really catching up to everything. And now with these different everything. And now with these different everything. And now with these different waves, they've caught up and made it so waves, they've caught up and made it so waves, they've caught up and made it so much easier to work. much easier to work. much easier to work. &gt;&gt; That's awesome. That's good. They're &gt;&gt; That's awesome. That's good. They're &gt;&gt; That's awesome. That's good. They're paying attention to what people want paying attention to what people want paying attention to what people want because the more stuff is actually because the more stuff is actually because the more stuff is actually included in your ecosystem, the easier included in your ecosystem, the easier included in your ecosystem, the easier it is for people. it is for people. it is for people. &gt;&gt; Who wants to go back and forth with all &gt;&gt; Who wants to go back and forth with all &gt;&gt; Who wants to go back and forth with all these different tools and a lot of these different tools and a lot of these different tools and a lot of companies won't even let people do that. companies won't even let people do that. companies won't even let people do that. So now that it's getting to the point So now that it's getting to the point So now that it's getting to the point where you can really use whatever type where you can really use whatever type where you can really use whatever type of model you want, if you look at that of model you want, if you look at that of model you want, if you look at that auto dropdown, co-pilot is now letting auto dropdown, co-pilot is now letting auto dropdown, co-pilot is now letting you decide what model you want. you you decide what model you want. you you decide what model you want. you could use GBT 5.2, but it also let you could use GBT 5.2, but it also let you could use GBT 5.2, but it also let you use Claude if you want. use Claude if you want. use Claude if you want. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; So, it's now getting to the point where &gt;&gt; So, it's now getting to the point where &gt;&gt; So, it's now getting to the point where it's giving people more and more models. it's giving people more and more models. it's giving people more and more models. And they said more models will be coming And they said more models will be coming And they said more models will be coming um in time. um in time. um in time. &gt;&gt; So, they're steering away from being so &gt;&gt; So, they're steering away from being so &gt;&gt; So, they're steering away from being so concerned with what model you're using. concerned with what model you're using. concerned with what model you're using. They're kind of like you can use They're kind of like you can use They're kind of like you can use whatever model you want. That's what whatever model you want. That's what whatever model you want. That's what they're getting to. But they want you to they're getting to. But they want you to they're getting to. But they want you to know where the place to go if you want know where the place to go if you want know where the place to go if you want to keep your data secure and use the to keep your data secure and use the to keep your data secure and use the files that you already have in Excel, files that you already have in Excel, files that you already have in Excel, One Drive, SharePoint, Teams, wherever One Drive, SharePoint, Teams, wherever One Drive, SharePoint, Teams, wherever you your files live. Okay, so this is you your files live. Okay, so this is you your files live. Okay, so this is great. It gives me information in here. great. It gives me information in here. great. It gives me information in here. Reasoned in two steps, I've created a Reasoned in two steps, I've created a Reasoned in two steps, I've created a comprehensive workshop planner project comprehensive workshop planner project comprehensive workshop planner project tracker with all the requested features. tracker with all the requested features. tracker with all the requested features. Here's what's included. task name, Here's what's included. task name, Here's what's included. task name, owner, deadline, status, priority, owner, deadline, status, priority, owner, deadline, status, priority, percentage complete, progress bar, days percentage complete, progress bar, days percentage complete, progress bar, days until due, and notes. And then it has until due, and notes. And then it has until due, and notes. And then it has visual indicators, completed, in visual indicators, completed, in visual indicators, completed, in progress, not started, overdue, due progress, not started, overdue, due progress, not started, overdue, due soon, or on track. And so you can see soon, or on track. And so you can see soon, or on track. And so you can see all these features, a summary dashboard all these features, a summary dashboard all these features, a summary dashboard at the top showing total tasks at the top showing total tasks at the top showing total tasks completed. And that's right at the completed. And that's right at the completed. And that's right at the bottom. Four in progress, three overdue. bottom. Four in progress, three overdue. bottom. Four in progress, three overdue. And so it has so many features when you And so it has so many features when you And so it has so many features when you look at this. And all we had to do to look at this. And all we had to do to look at this. And all we had to do to get all this was just one prompt. Now, get all this was just one prompt. Now, get all this was just one prompt. Now, here's why I say that it's an insider here's why I say that it's an insider here's why I say that it's an insider trick to give it dummy data. trick to give it dummy data. trick to give it dummy data. &gt;&gt; Because once you have this dummy data in &gt;&gt; Because once you have this dummy data in &gt;&gt; Because once you have this dummy data in here, here, here, &gt;&gt; you can clear this out later, but for &gt;&gt; you can clear this out later, but for &gt;&gt; you can clear this out later, but for now, you can kind of work with the now, you can kind of work with the now, you can kind of work with the spreadsheet and see if whether or not spreadsheet and see if whether or not spreadsheet and see if whether or not there's something wrong with it. for there's something wrong with it. for there's something wrong with it. for instance over here because remember it's instance over here because remember it's instance over here because remember it's co-pilot not autopilot right so you got co-pilot not autopilot right so you got co-pilot not autopilot right so you got to look over AI's work and see if to look over AI's work and see if to look over AI's work and see if there's anything that you want to change there's anything that you want to change there's anything that you want to change or you don't like for instance I'm or you don't like for instance I'm or you don't like for instance I'm seeing that it has this days until due seeing that it has this days until due seeing that it has this days until due all these asterisks right all these asterisks right all these asterisks right &gt;&gt; so I'm thinking well why is it doing &gt;&gt; so I'm thinking well why is it doing &gt;&gt; so I'm thinking well why is it doing that here the deadline is 310 20 26 I that here the deadline is 310 20 26 I that here the deadline is 310 20 26 I don't want all those little asterisks so don't want all those little asterisks so don't want all those little asterisks so I'm going to click on here I'm going to click on here I'm going to click on here And And And I'm going to say, hm, okay, I see it has I'm going to say, hm, okay, I see it has I'm going to say, hm, okay, I see it has a formula, but I'm not sure why it has a formula, but I'm not sure why it has a formula, but I'm not sure why it has all that. So, I can even ask copilot. all that. So, I can even ask copilot. all that. So, I can even ask copilot. &gt;&gt; So, I have in row five, it has all these &gt;&gt; So, I have in row five, it has all these &gt;&gt; So, I have in row five, it has all these little asterises under little asterises under little asterises under days until due. Please fix this. And I'm days until due. Please fix this. And I'm days until due. Please fix this. And I'm asking Copilot to fix it. Why does it asking Copilot to fix it. Why does it asking Copilot to fix it. Why does it look like that? I'm not sure, but I need look like that? I'm not sure, but I need look like that? I'm not sure, but I need you to fix it. you to fix it. you to fix it. &gt;&gt; Hey, at least you're still typing. I &gt;&gt; Hey, at least you're still typing. I &gt;&gt; Hey, at least you're still typing. I usually just take a screenshot and I'm usually just take a screenshot and I'm usually just take a screenshot and I'm like, fix it. like, fix it. like, fix it. &gt;&gt; Fix it. You know, that's a good one. I'm &gt;&gt; Fix it. You know, that's a good one. I'm &gt;&gt; Fix it. You know, that's a good one. I'm going to have to use that. Okay. It says going to have to use that. Okay. It says going to have to use that. Okay. It says it's fixed it. it's fixed it. it's fixed it. &gt;&gt; Oh, interesting. The column is too &gt;&gt; Oh, interesting. The column is too &gt;&gt; Oh, interesting. The column is too narrow. narrow. narrow. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't think that's right, &gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't think that's right, &gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't think that's right, though. So, I'm going to say column. though. So, I'm going to say column. though. So, I'm going to say column. &gt;&gt; Yeah, cuz it's it's just be a date. So, &gt;&gt; Yeah, cuz it's it's just be a date. So, &gt;&gt; Yeah, cuz it's it's just be a date. So, &gt;&gt; yeah, the column still shows. Listen, I &gt;&gt; yeah, the column still shows. Listen, I &gt;&gt; yeah, the column still shows. Listen, I see the issue now. So, we know how AI see the issue now. So, we know how AI see the issue now. So, we know how AI works, right? It's not always going to works, right? It's not always going to works, right? It's not always going to give us the first answer every time. And give us the first answer every time. And give us the first answer every time. And I've had people say to me, well, when is I've had people say to me, well, when is I've had people say to me, well, when is that going to be fixed? And I'm like, that going to be fixed? And I'm like, that going to be fixed? And I'm like, the moment it's fixed, we don't have a the moment it's fixed, we don't have a the moment it's fixed, we don't have a job. The moment this thing doesn't make job. The moment this thing doesn't make job. The moment this thing doesn't make any mistakes, that is absolutely any mistakes, that is absolutely any mistakes, that is absolutely perfect, we're out of a job. So that's perfect, we're out of a job. So that's perfect, we're out of a job. So that's the human level. We're going to go in as the human level. We're going to go in as the human level. We're going to go in as humans and we're going to fix things and humans and we're going to fix things and humans and we're going to fix things and look over everything. So I would look look over everything. So I would look look over everything. So I would look over this and say, okay, this says not over this and say, okay, this says not over this and say, okay, this says not started. Let me click on this. Is this a started. Let me click on this. Is this a started. Let me click on this. Is this a drop down? drop down? drop down? &gt;&gt; It's not. So I want this to be a drop &gt;&gt; It's not. So I want this to be a drop &gt;&gt; It's not. So I want this to be a drop down. Like I want to be able to drop down. Like I want to be able to drop down. Like I want to be able to drop down completed or in progress or not down completed or in progress or not down completed or in progress or not started. So, I can go in here and say started. So, I can go in here and say started. So, I can go in here and say please. please. please. All right. And you see I'm asking it to All right. And you see I'm asking it to All right. And you see I'm asking it to make a drop down because I don't want make a drop down because I don't want make a drop down because I don't want someone have to type that in every time. someone have to type that in every time. someone have to type that in every time. All right. So, it says it's done it All right. So, it says it's done it All right. So, it says it's done it right. So, let's see. We've got to right. So, let's see. We've got to right. So, let's see. We've got to double check it right now. This comes up double check it right now. This comes up double check it right now. This comes up and you see I can change it to and you see I can change it to and you see I can change it to completed. Right. Yeah. That's really completed. Right. Yeah. That's really completed. Right. Yeah. That's really awesome that you can just have it edit awesome that you can just have it edit awesome that you can just have it edit an existing sheet. You don't have to go an existing sheet. You don't have to go an existing sheet. You don't have to go in there, know where to click, etc. You in there, know where to click, etc. You in there, know where to click, etc. You can kind of just describe what you want can kind of just describe what you want can kind of just describe what you want and it'll go and implement the changes. and it'll go and implement the changes. and it'll go and implement the changes. &gt;&gt; That's great. And reason I said to put &gt;&gt; That's great. And reason I said to put &gt;&gt; That's great. And reason I said to put this data in is because here we see that this data in is because here we see that this data in is because here we see that we have this column at the top and it's we have this column at the top and it's we have this column at the top and it's telling us total task 15 uh completed telling us total task 15 uh completed telling us total task 15 uh completed six in progress three and it's saying six in progress three and it's saying six in progress three and it's saying overdue five. So what I'm going to do is overdue five. So what I'm going to do is overdue five. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to look and double check this. I'm going to look and double check this. I'm going to look and double check this. If it says completed six, 1 2 3 4 5 6. If it says completed six, 1 2 3 4 5 6. If it says completed six, 1 2 3 4 5 6. That looks right. Okay. But I can do That looks right. Okay. But I can do That looks right. Okay. But I can do another one and change it to completed. another one and change it to completed. another one and change it to completed. And notice how it went up to seven. And notice how it went up to seven. And notice how it went up to seven. &gt;&gt; So I can check all of this as I go, &gt;&gt; So I can check all of this as I go, &gt;&gt; So I can check all of this as I go, right? And and and I can problem solve right? And and and I can problem solve right? And and and I can problem solve and check. Now, let's do some other and check. Now, let's do some other and check. Now, let's do some other things with this. Right? things with this. Right? things with this. Right? I'm thinking that what I really would I'm thinking that what I really would I'm thinking that what I really would like to do is create a dashboard. like to do is create a dashboard. like to do is create a dashboard. Okay. You notice I have a project Okay. You notice I have a project Okay. You notice I have a project tracker page. Even though I have this tracker page. Even though I have this tracker page. Even though I have this little bar at the top, I might decide, little bar at the top, I might decide, little bar at the top, I might decide, you know, I want a separate sheet, and you know, I want a separate sheet, and you know, I want a separate sheet, and I'll call it a workshop summary sheet, I'll call it a workshop summary sheet, I'll call it a workshop summary sheet, where I can have a summary of some of where I can have a summary of some of where I can have a summary of some of this information. So, I'm going to go this information. So, I'm going to go this information. So, I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to put that in as a ahead and I'm going to put that in as a ahead and I'm going to put that in as a prompt, and ask it to create a separate prompt, and ask it to create a separate prompt, and ask it to create a separate sheet. And you'll notice at the time sheet. And you'll notice at the time sheet. And you'll notice at the time here, I just have one sheet, which is here, I just have one sheet, which is here, I just have one sheet, which is workshop tracker. But now I've added a workshop tracker. But now I've added a workshop tracker. But now I've added a prompt and I wanted to create a sheet prompt and I wanted to create a sheet prompt and I wanted to create a sheet that summarizes the status of all these that summarizes the status of all these that summarizes the status of all these different projects that I'm working on. different projects that I'm working on. different projects that I'm working on. Remember how long if you've done Excel, Remember how long if you've done Excel, Remember how long if you've done Excel, how long it would take to create a how long it would take to create a how long it would take to create a different workshop sheet. different workshop sheet. different workshop sheet. &gt;&gt; Oh, heck no. I would definitely download &gt;&gt; Oh, heck no. I would definitely download &gt;&gt; Oh, heck no. I would definitely download a template and be like, "Okay, we're a template and be like, "Okay, we're a template and be like, "Okay, we're working with this. I'm going to make my working with this. I'm going to make my working with this. I'm going to make my data and workflow fit the template I data and workflow fit the template I data and workflow fit the template I downloaded." downloaded." downloaded." See, and that's what I used to do some See, and that's what I used to do some See, and that's what I used to do some of that in the past, too, you know, or I of that in the past, too, you know, or I of that in the past, too, you know, or I would be stuck watching Excel videos on would be stuck watching Excel videos on would be stuck watching Excel videos on YouTube of how do you tie in this YouTube of how do you tie in this YouTube of how do you tie in this information to this table and that information to this table and that information to this table and that table. It wasn't as quickly as just table. It wasn't as quickly as just table. It wasn't as quickly as just putting in a prompt and saying, "Hey, I putting in a prompt and saying, "Hey, I putting in a prompt and saying, "Hey, I want a separate sheet that's going to want a separate sheet that's going to want a separate sheet that's going to tie all this data together." So, I can tie all this data together." So, I can tie all this data together." So, I can see here it has a workshop summary sheet see here it has a workshop summary sheet see here it has a workshop summary sheet and I can click on that and it's empty and I can click on that and it's empty and I can click on that and it's empty for now because if you look at Copilot, for now because if you look at Copilot, for now because if you look at Copilot, these two little bubbles mean it's these two little bubbles mean it's these two little bubbles mean it's working. So, it's still working on working. So, it's still working on working. So, it's still working on creating this. So, now with the workshop creating this. So, now with the workshop creating this. So, now with the workshop summary dashboard, you see we have so summary dashboard, you see we have so summary dashboard, you see we have so much information. We have the status, is much information. We have the status, is much information. We have the status, is it complete, in progress, metrics, we it complete, in progress, metrics, we it complete, in progress, metrics, we even have whether it's on track, at even have whether it's on track, at even have whether it's on track, at risk, or behind. All that with just a risk, or behind. All that with just a risk, or behind. All that with just a simple prompt telling us, hey, we need a simple prompt telling us, hey, we need a simple prompt telling us, hey, we need a dashboard. dashboard. dashboard. Before it was really hard to create a Before it was really hard to create a Before it was really hard to create a dashboard if you had to do it on your dashboard if you had to do it on your dashboard if you had to do it on your own. So, now this is something we can do own. So, now this is something we can do own. So, now this is something we can do with just one prompt. And you can expect with just one prompt. And you can expect with just one prompt. And you can expect to the formula for each of these fields to the formula for each of these fields to the formula for each of these fields like if you want to learn how it was put like if you want to learn how it was put like if you want to learn how it was put together and double check it. together and double check it. together and double check it. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. And that to me is one of the &gt;&gt; Absolutely. And that to me is one of the &gt;&gt; Absolutely. And that to me is one of the best things about it. So you can best things about it. So you can best things about it. So you can doubleclick on this box and it's telling doubleclick on this box and it's telling doubleclick on this box and it's telling you the calculations and how it came up you the calculations and how it came up you the calculations and how it came up with it. And so if you want to change with it. And so if you want to change with it. And so if you want to change it, you can do that too. it, you can do that too. it, you can do that too. &gt;&gt; So yeah, that's a really great &gt;&gt; So yeah, that's a really great &gt;&gt; So yeah, that's a really great interactive feature. And not only that, interactive feature. And not only that, interactive feature. And not only that, but if you decide, you know, I want to but if you decide, you know, I want to but if you decide, you know, I want to add a chart, right, that shows some add a chart, right, that shows some add a chart, right, that shows some information about this, you could do information about this, you could do information about this, you could do that, too, because I found that when it that, too, because I found that when it that, too, because I found that when it comes to data, charts really make the comes to data, charts really make the comes to data, charts really make the whole difference. whole difference. whole difference. &gt;&gt; Mhm. For sure. &gt;&gt; Mhm. For sure. &gt;&gt; Mhm. For sure. &gt;&gt; Charts really make a huge difference. &gt;&gt; Charts really make a huge difference. &gt;&gt; Charts really make a huge difference. &gt;&gt; I forget what the exact study was, but &gt;&gt; I forget what the exact study was, but &gt;&gt; I forget what the exact study was, but our ability to absorb visual information our ability to absorb visual information our ability to absorb visual information is so much faster. is so much faster. is so much faster. &gt;&gt; That's so true. I've definitely found &gt;&gt; That's so true. I've definitely found &gt;&gt; That's so true. I've definitely found that to be the case. If you have a chart that to be the case. If you have a chart that to be the case. If you have a chart or some kind of visual graphic, people or some kind of visual graphic, people or some kind of visual graphic, people pick up the information so much quicker. pick up the information so much quicker. pick up the information so much quicker. So, that's definitely the way to go. So, So, that's definitely the way to go. So, So, that's definitely the way to go. So, I asked for it to create a dashboard on I asked for it to create a dashboard on I asked for it to create a dashboard on the sheet. And lastly, I'm going to ask the sheet. And lastly, I'm going to ask the sheet. And lastly, I'm going to ask it to create a sheet called insights and it to create a sheet called insights and it to create a sheet called insights and document key takeaways from the data in document key takeaways from the data in document key takeaways from the data in the project tracker and workshop summary the project tracker and workshop summary the project tracker and workshop summary sheet. sheet. sheet. So, I'm going to do that. And basically So, I'm going to do that. And basically So, I'm going to do that. And basically what that's doing is, you know, data is what that's doing is, you know, data is what that's doing is, you know, data is great, but what's the point of it if you great, but what's the point of it if you great, but what's the point of it if you don't have any key takeaways or key don't have any key takeaways or key don't have any key takeaways or key insights? I mean, what about if you were insights? I mean, what about if you were insights? I mean, what about if you were giving this to someone in leadership? giving this to someone in leadership? giving this to someone in leadership? So, a lot of times they'll kind of So, a lot of times they'll kind of So, a lot of times they'll kind of breeze through the data, but at the end, breeze through the data, but at the end, breeze through the data, but at the end, they still want to know what's the point they still want to know what's the point they still want to know what's the point of all this? What did I learn from this? of all this? What did I learn from this? of all this? What did I learn from this? So, this is going to give you a chance So, this is going to give you a chance So, this is going to give you a chance to give them all that information. to give them all that information. to give them all that information. &gt;&gt; And of course, this will be it's very &gt;&gt; And of course, this will be it's very &gt;&gt; And of course, this will be it's very interesting that it doesn't have that interesting that it doesn't have that interesting that it doesn't have that little blue thing. the what? little blue thing. the what? little blue thing. the what? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; You know, I'm going to try this again &gt;&gt; You know, I'm going to try this again &gt;&gt; You know, I'm going to try this again because I think it's kind of odd that it because I think it's kind of odd that it because I think it's kind of odd that it doesn't have that. So, I'm going to copy doesn't have that. So, I'm going to copy doesn't have that. So, I'm going to copy this. &gt;&gt; Okay. Now, you see what I'm talking &gt;&gt; Okay. Now, you see what I'm talking &gt;&gt; Okay. Now, you see what I'm talking about? Like the little bubble about? Like the little bubble about? Like the little bubble &gt;&gt; is working. &gt;&gt; is working. &gt;&gt; is working. &gt;&gt; So, now it should create a sheet with &gt;&gt; So, now it should create a sheet with &gt;&gt; So, now it should create a sheet with insights that tells us key takeaways insights that tells us key takeaways insights that tells us key takeaways from the project tracker and workshop from the project tracker and workshop from the project tracker and workshop summary sheet. So, this is going to be summary sheet. So, this is going to be summary sheet. So, this is going to be that sheet that puts it all together, that sheet that puts it all together, that sheet that puts it all together, everything that we've learned. And I everything that we've learned. And I everything that we've learned. And I want to mention that Copilot can do way want to mention that Copilot can do way want to mention that Copilot can do way more than just creating new sheets. more than just creating new sheets. more than just creating new sheets. &gt;&gt; Let's say you already have data. &gt;&gt; Let's say you already have data. &gt;&gt; Let's say you already have data. &gt;&gt; You can upload a file that has existing &gt;&gt; You can upload a file that has existing &gt;&gt; You can upload a file that has existing data. For instance, a PowerPoint or a data. For instance, a PowerPoint or a data. For instance, a PowerPoint or a Word file that has data within it and it Word file that has data within it and it Word file that has data within it and it can make a spreadsheet based on that. can make a spreadsheet based on that. can make a spreadsheet based on that. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's really cool. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's really cool. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's really cool. &gt;&gt; It can al Yeah. &gt;&gt; It can al Yeah. &gt;&gt; It can al Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Before you anything you &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Before you anything you &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Before you anything you uploaded to Excel before had to be like uploaded to Excel before had to be like uploaded to Excel before had to be like almost like in a chart or the you almost like in a chart or the you almost like in a chart or the you already had to have rows and columns of already had to have rows and columns of already had to have rows and columns of data structured format. Now you could data structured format. Now you could data structured format. Now you could just upload any kind of word file, any just upload any kind of word file, any just upload any kind of word file, any kind of PowerPoint, and it can take the kind of PowerPoint, and it can take the kind of PowerPoint, and it can take the data from there. data from there. data from there. &gt;&gt; That's awesome. Wow. Yeah. &gt;&gt; That's awesome. Wow. Yeah. &gt;&gt; That's awesome. Wow. Yeah. &gt;&gt; It can also help clean up and organize &gt;&gt; It can also help clean up and organize &gt;&gt; It can also help clean up and organize your data and make it easier to your data and make it easier to your data and make it easier to understand and work with. So if you understand and work with. So if you understand and work with. So if you already have the data in a certain already have the data in a certain already have the data in a certain format, it can reformat that data for format, it can reformat that data for format, it can reformat that data for you. you. you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. One use case I really like doing &gt;&gt; Yeah. One use case I really like doing &gt;&gt; Yeah. One use case I really like doing that for is, for example, recently I that for is, for example, recently I that for is, for example, recently I sent out a customer survey and it has sent out a customer survey and it has sent out a customer survey and it has lots of unstructured data, right? like lots of unstructured data, right? like lots of unstructured data, right? like free form people responding, some really free form people responding, some really free form people responding, some really short, some really long. So I'll have AI short, some really long. So I'll have AI short, some really long. So I'll have AI make a separate column of like one make a separate column of like one make a separate column of like one sentence AI summary. So I can like kind sentence AI summary. So I can like kind sentence AI summary. So I can like kind of like glance through all of them and of like glance through all of them and of like glance through all of them and figure out which ones I want to dive figure out which ones I want to dive figure out which ones I want to dive into. So that's been really helpful. into. So that's been really helpful. into. So that's been really helpful. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's great that you could do &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's great that you could do &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's great that you could do something for Copilot now, especially something for Copilot now, especially something for Copilot now, especially since it's connected to your data. So, since it's connected to your data. So, since it's connected to your data. So, you know, as an employee, you may do a you know, as an employee, you may do a you know, as an employee, you may do a survey in forms, which is another survey in forms, which is another survey in forms, which is another Microsoft product, and get your data Microsoft product, and get your data Microsoft product, and get your data from there. There's so many places that from there. There's so many places that from there. There's so many places that you might have a word file with you might have a word file with you might have a word file with unstructured data. There's so many unstructured data. There's so many unstructured data. There's so many places you could get the data from. And places you could get the data from. And places you could get the data from. And with Copilot now, it's pretty easy to with Copilot now, it's pretty easy to with Copilot now, it's pretty easy to get that data in a new format. get that data in a new format. get that data in a new format. &gt;&gt; So, I see the insight sheet that it &gt;&gt; So, I see the insight sheet that it &gt;&gt; So, I see the insight sheet that it made. If we could hop over there. Oh, made. If we could hop over there. Oh, made. If we could hop over there. Oh, wow. There we go. That would Yeah, it has executive summary, status Yeah, it has executive summary, status Yeah, it has executive summary, status analysis, team performance insights, analysis, team performance insights, analysis, team performance insights, priority, and it key recommendations. I priority, and it key recommendations. I priority, and it key recommendations. I love this column. So, if you're an love this column. So, if you're an love this column. So, if you're an executive, you can immediately look and executive, you can immediately look and executive, you can immediately look and say, "Hey, what are your recommendations say, "Hey, what are your recommendations say, "Hey, what are your recommendations &gt;&gt; because listen, one of this provide &gt;&gt; because listen, one of this provide &gt;&gt; because listen, one of this provide support to Jessica Lee who has 0% support to Jessica Lee who has 0% support to Jessica Lee who has 0% completion rate." completion rate." completion rate." &gt;&gt; Jessica, what are we doing? Jessica, we &gt;&gt; Jessica, what are we doing? Jessica, we &gt;&gt; Jessica, what are we doing? Jessica, we got to show her. She may need to get got to show her. She may need to get got to show her. She may need to get pilot. pilot. pilot. Yeah, she may need to get some work Yeah, she may need to get some work Yeah, she may need to get some work done. And then a risk register. It's done. And then a risk register. It's done. And then a risk register. It's telling you time slippage, bottlenecks, telling you time slippage, bottlenecks, telling you time slippage, bottlenecks, scope creep, you know, it's giving you scope creep, you know, it's giving you scope creep, you know, it's giving you all this information. So, this is so all this information. So, this is so all this information. So, this is so helpful. And then what I would do is helpful. And then what I would do is helpful. And then what I would do is after I kind of finish designing this after I kind of finish designing this after I kind of finish designing this spreadsheet, then I would go because spreadsheet, then I would go because spreadsheet, then I would go because this is like we said, dummy data, right? this is like we said, dummy data, right? this is like we said, dummy data, right? M M M &gt;&gt; I would go ahead and have it clear the &gt;&gt; I would go ahead and have it clear the &gt;&gt; I would go ahead and have it clear the data because now I know this worksheet data because now I know this worksheet data because now I know this worksheet works right now. I know it works works right now. I know it works works right now. I know it works &gt;&gt; and now I can fill it in with my real &gt;&gt; and now I can fill it in with my real &gt;&gt; and now I can fill it in with my real data. data. data. &gt;&gt; So you can test it. So that's just one &gt;&gt; So you can test it. So that's just one &gt;&gt; So you can test it. So that's just one of the features of this new edit in of the features of this new edit in of the features of this new edit in Excel, this new wave three. This is Excel, this new wave three. This is Excel, this new wave three. This is really powerful. I mean like the beauty really powerful. I mean like the beauty really powerful. I mean like the beauty of Excel and spreadsheets is that you of Excel and spreadsheets is that you of Excel and spreadsheets is that you can use them for literally anything, can use them for literally anything, can use them for literally anything, right? Whether it's structured data right? Whether it's structured data right? Whether it's structured data analysis, unstructured data analysis, analysis, unstructured data analysis, analysis, unstructured data analysis, tracking, status updates, people use tracking, status updates, people use tracking, status updates, people use spreadsheets for like every imaginable spreadsheets for like every imaginable spreadsheets for like every imaginable use case in the world. And so it's use case in the world. And so it's use case in the world. And so it's really cool to be able to now use AI really cool to be able to now use AI really cool to be able to now use AI literally as your co-pilot to like build literally as your co-pilot to like build literally as your co-pilot to like build these outs, analyze data, edit the these outs, analyze data, edit the these outs, analyze data, edit the things so that you don't have to, right? things so that you don't have to, right? things so that you don't have to, right? I'm sure it can create even more I'm sure it can create even more I'm sure it can create even more complicated formula like if you're doing complicated formula like if you're doing complicated formula like if you're doing any kind of financial numerical data any kind of financial numerical data any kind of financial numerical data analysis. And so it's really neat that analysis. And so it's really neat that analysis. And so it's really neat that they have all of this now in Copilot. they have all of this now in Copilot. they have all of this now in Copilot. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And wave three is really taken &gt;&gt; Yeah. And wave three is really taken &gt;&gt; Yeah. And wave three is really taken copilot to the next level. And so the copilot to the next level. And so the copilot to the next level. And so the next thing that I would like to talk next thing that I would like to talk next thing that I would like to talk about is Word. Word in the past about is Word. Word in the past about is Word. Word in the past summarize documents and it kind of summarize documents and it kind of summarize documents and it kind of answered questions. But now it will answered questions. But now it will answered questions. But now it will rewrite sections, restructure documents, rewrite sections, restructure documents, rewrite sections, restructure documents, insert tables or charts and edit the insert tables or charts and edit the insert tables or charts and edit the document directly. So Word can do so document directly. So Word can do so document directly. So Word can do so much more than it used to. It really is much more than it used to. It really is much more than it used to. It really is kind of taking it to that next level kind of taking it to that next level kind of taking it to that next level with wave three. with wave three. with wave three. &gt;&gt; So what I'm going to do is I'm going to &gt;&gt; So what I'm going to do is I'm going to &gt;&gt; So what I'm going to do is I'm going to show what I would do with Word. All show what I would do with Word. All show what I would do with Word. All right, it's saying what do I want to right, it's saying what do I want to right, it's saying what do I want to draft with Copilot? So I'm going to say draft with Copilot? So I'm going to say draft with Copilot? So I'm going to say create a report with key insights from create a report with key insights from create a report with key insights from the information in this document. And the information in this document. And the information in this document. And then I'm going to add information from a then I'm going to add information from a then I'm going to add information from a document. It lets me go to my one drive document. It lets me go to my one drive document. It lets me go to my one drive and pick up the appropriate file. And so and pick up the appropriate file. And so and pick up the appropriate file. And so what I'm going to do is I have a what I'm going to do is I have a what I'm going to do is I have a Birkshshire Hathaway report, right? And Birkshshire Hathaway report, right? And Birkshshire Hathaway report, right? And if you know anything about these if you know anything about these if you know anything about these reports, they are pretty long, right? 150 pages of information, right? That's 150 pages of information, right? That's 150 pages of information, right? That's a lot of information. So I am going to a lot of information. So I am going to a lot of information. So I am going to ask Word to create a report with ask Word to create a report with ask Word to create a report with insights from the information in this insights from the information in this insights from the information in this document and I've gone ahead and I've document and I've gone ahead and I've document and I've gone ahead and I've attached this document from Birkshshire attached this document from Birkshshire attached this document from Birkshshire Halfways annual report. Okay. So what Halfways annual report. Okay. So what Halfways annual report. Okay. So what I've done is I've created a prompt where I've done is I've created a prompt where I've done is I've created a prompt where I've told it to create a report based on I've told it to create a report based on I've told it to create a report based on information or insights from this information or insights from this information or insights from this document and that document is document and that document is document and that document is Birkshshire's Hathway's annual report. Birkshshire's Hathway's annual report. Birkshshire's Hathway's annual report. Okay, awesome. So, it's going to take Okay, awesome. So, it's going to take Okay, awesome. So, it's going to take this like 100 plus page super dense PDF this like 100 plus page super dense PDF this like 100 plus page super dense PDF and we're going to get a Word doc using and we're going to get a Word doc using and we're going to get a Word doc using Copilot Wave 3. Copilot Wave 3. Copilot Wave 3. &gt;&gt; Exactly. And it used to be that you &gt;&gt; Exactly. And it used to be that you &gt;&gt; Exactly. And it used to be that you could attach a document and get a could attach a document and get a could attach a document and get a report, but when you started wanting to report, but when you started wanting to report, but when you started wanting to work with that document, that's where work with that document, that's where work with that document, that's where you really saw your limitations. So, if you really saw your limitations. So, if you really saw your limitations. So, if you wanted it to rewrite a section or you wanted it to rewrite a section or you wanted it to rewrite a section or replace financial language with clear replace financial language with clear replace financial language with clear explanations, that's really was kind of explanations, that's really was kind of explanations, that's really was kind of difficult with co-pilot wave 2. It just difficult with co-pilot wave 2. It just difficult with co-pilot wave 2. It just had some struggles with those kind of had some struggles with those kind of had some struggles with those kind of tasks. But you'll see now with this wave tasks. But you'll see now with this wave tasks. But you'll see now with this wave three, it's able to rewrite sections, three, it's able to rewrite sections, three, it's able to rewrite sections, replace technical language. There's just replace technical language. There's just replace technical language. There's just so much more it can do. so much more it can do. so much more it can do. &gt;&gt; Oh, it says this may take extra time. &gt;&gt; Oh, it says this may take extra time. &gt;&gt; Oh, it says this may take extra time. Oh, but now it's time. Oh, but now it's time. Oh, but now it's time. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; that's cool. So, it's streaming it as &gt;&gt; that's cool. So, it's streaming it as &gt;&gt; that's cool. So, it's streaming it as it's happening so you can see what it's it's happening so you can see what it's it's happening so you can see what it's doing. doing. doing. &gt;&gt; All right. So, we're going to keep this. &gt;&gt; All right. So, we're going to keep this. &gt;&gt; All right. So, we're going to keep this. And this is a pretty decent report. And this is a pretty decent report. And this is a pretty decent report. There's nothing wrong with it. But in There's nothing wrong with it. But in There's nothing wrong with it. But in the past, if I wanted to actually make the past, if I wanted to actually make the past, if I wanted to actually make changes to this report, Copilot was very changes to this report, Copilot was very changes to this report, Copilot was very limited in what it would let me do. But limited in what it would let me do. But limited in what it would let me do. But now that I have this edit with Copilot now that I have this edit with Copilot now that I have this edit with Copilot right here, it'll let me make specific right here, it'll let me make specific right here, it'll let me make specific changes to edit the document. So I can changes to edit the document. So I can changes to edit the document. So I can say something like I can ask it to make say something like I can ask it to make say something like I can ask it to make the title have red font and bold it. And the title have red font and bold it. And the title have red font and bold it. And before copilot would really struggle before copilot would really struggle before copilot would really struggle when you tried to get it to edit certain when you tried to get it to edit certain when you tried to get it to edit certain things within a document. It really things within a document. It really things within a document. It really struggled there. struggled there. struggled there. &gt;&gt; But now if you say well I want you to &gt;&gt; But now if you say well I want you to &gt;&gt; But now if you say well I want you to make the title I want the title to have make the title I want the title to have make the title I want the title to have a red font and bold it. Now it can a red font and bold it. Now it can a red font and bold it. Now it can easily do something like that. See how easily do something like that. See how easily do something like that. See how it did it so easily? it did it so easily? it did it so easily? Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; that's pretty fast. &gt;&gt; that's pretty fast. &gt;&gt; that's pretty fast. &gt;&gt; Yeah, pretty fast. So, I mean, you can &gt;&gt; Yeah, pretty fast. So, I mean, you can &gt;&gt; Yeah, pretty fast. So, I mean, you can do anything you want to kind of change do anything you want to kind of change do anything you want to kind of change the format here. When I'm looking at the format here. When I'm looking at the format here. When I'm looking at this document, if you notice the order, this document, if you notice the order, this document, if you notice the order, executive overview, leadership, executive overview, leadership, executive overview, leadership, philosophy, and succession, financial philosophy, and succession, financial philosophy, and succession, financial performance highlights, and it kind of performance highlights, and it kind of performance highlights, and it kind of goes on, but I'm thinking I want to kind goes on, but I'm thinking I want to kind goes on, but I'm thinking I want to kind of move around how this document is of move around how this document is of move around how this document is ordered. And so instead, I want the ordered. And so instead, I want the ordered. And so instead, I want the content of this doc document structured content of this doc document structured content of this doc document structured a little differently. So I'm going to a little differently. So I'm going to a little differently. So I'm going to put in a prompt to reorganize the way put in a prompt to reorganize the way put in a prompt to reorganize the way this document is structured. And you're this document is structured. And you're this document is structured. And you're going to see now I used to have the going to see now I used to have the going to see now I used to have the executive summary at the top and now I'm executive summary at the top and now I'm executive summary at the top and now I'm saying, well, you know, that's fine, but saying, well, you know, that's fine, but saying, well, you know, that's fine, but the financial highlights I want to be the financial highlights I want to be the financial highlights I want to be the second thing, you know, and so the second thing, you know, and so the second thing, you know, and so you're seeing how now everything's kind you're seeing how now everything's kind you're seeing how now everything's kind of being moved around. And I've also of being moved around. And I've also of being moved around. And I've also even kind of changed some of the names even kind of changed some of the names even kind of changed some of the names of some of the things. And so you can of some of the things. And so you can of some of the things. And so you can see them changing. see them changing. see them changing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's cool. You can see it &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's cool. You can see it &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's cool. You can see it working in real time. It reminds me a working in real time. It reminds me a working in real time. It reminds me a little bit of a chat GBT canvas where little bit of a chat GBT canvas where little bit of a chat GBT canvas where you have like the primary document you have like the primary document you have like the primary document you're working on and then you can like you're working on and then you can like you're working on and then you can like highlight a section or change that or highlight a section or change that or highlight a section or change that or you can have it reorganized and you can you can have it reorganized and you can you can have it reorganized and you can kind of see it in real time. It's kind of see it in real time. It's kind of see it in real time. It's different from the normal chat interface different from the normal chat interface different from the normal chat interface because it assumes you're working on a because it assumes you're working on a because it assumes you're working on a document. So like that's the primary document. So like that's the primary document. So like that's the primary thing you want to look at. thing you want to look at. thing you want to look at. &gt;&gt; Wow, that's so neat. But you can see &gt;&gt; Wow, that's so neat. But you can see &gt;&gt; Wow, that's so neat. But you can see it's kind of at the bottom. I think it's it's kind of at the bottom. I think it's it's kind of at the bottom. I think it's so neat that Copilot is kind of, you so neat that Copilot is kind of, you so neat that Copilot is kind of, you know, catching up, right? know, catching up, right? know, catching up, right? &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; And now it's kind of reorganized the &gt;&gt; And now it's kind of reorganized the &gt;&gt; And now it's kind of reorganized the whole document. And so the main thing whole document. And so the main thing whole document. And so the main thing that you are seeing here is how many that you are seeing here is how many that you are seeing here is how many edits you can make to this document. Now edits you can make to this document. Now edits you can make to this document. Now with just simple prompts, you can move with just simple prompts, you can move with just simple prompts, you can move things around. You can change the things around. You can change the things around. You can change the formatting. So that's basically wave formatting. So that's basically wave formatting. So that's basically wave three with Word. You're able to just three with Word. You're able to just three with Word. You're able to just change so many things around. So well, change so many things around. So well, change so many things around. So well, you know, there are several use cases you know, there are several use cases you know, there are several use cases for for this. Now, if you have a for for this. Now, if you have a for for this. Now, if you have a document that contains scattered details document that contains scattered details document that contains scattered details about deliverables, owners, dates, or about deliverables, owners, dates, or about deliverables, owners, dates, or financial figures, you could have financial figures, you could have financial figures, you could have co-pilot turn that into a clean co-pilot turn that into a clean co-pilot turn that into a clean document. Also, document. Also, document. Also, before if you had a long document, you before if you had a long document, you before if you had a long document, you had to kind of manually drag sections had to kind of manually drag sections had to kind of manually drag sections around. Now, you can just reorganize around. Now, you can just reorganize around. Now, you can just reorganize that document. So, another thing is you that document. So, another thing is you that document. So, another thing is you can rewrite technical content for a can rewrite technical content for a can rewrite technical content for a different audience. So let's say you different audience. So let's say you different audience. So let's say you have a financial document but you want have a financial document but you want have a financial document but you want to make it something that the legal to make it something that the legal to make it something that the legal department would want or you have an HR department would want or you have an HR department would want or you have an HR document but you want to convert it to document but you want to convert it to document but you want to convert it to something for a risk risk audit. something for a risk risk audit. something for a risk risk audit. &gt;&gt; You can just ask co-pilot to change the &gt;&gt; You can just ask co-pilot to change the &gt;&gt; You can just ask co-pilot to change the audience and it can automatically do audience and it can automatically do audience and it can automatically do that. And lastly you can have a dense that. And lastly you can have a dense that. And lastly you can have a dense document that you want to turn into like document that you want to turn into like document that you want to turn into like an executive briefing. So you could give an executive briefing. So you could give an executive briefing. So you could give Word a long report with meeting notes or Word a long report with meeting notes or Word a long report with meeting notes or policy documents and have it turn that policy documents and have it turn that policy documents and have it turn that into a one to two-page leadership brief into a one to two-page leadership brief into a one to two-page leadership brief with headings, plain language, and with headings, plain language, and with headings, plain language, and takeaways. takeaways. takeaways. &gt;&gt; Okay, perfect. So that last use case is &gt;&gt; Okay, perfect. So that last use case is &gt;&gt; Okay, perfect. So that last use case is kind of somewhat similar to the one we kind of somewhat similar to the one we kind of somewhat similar to the one we did here. It's like 100 plus page did here. It's like 100 plus page did here. It's like 100 plus page document and then we're converting it document and then we're converting it document and then we're converting it into a nice executive brief. into a nice executive brief. into a nice executive brief. &gt;&gt; So this is really what wave three is all &gt;&gt; So this is really what wave three is all &gt;&gt; So this is really what wave three is all about. You're kind of going to an agenic about. You're kind of going to an agenic about. You're kind of going to an agenic future where it's all about outcomes and future where it's all about outcomes and future where it's all about outcomes and it's all about deliverables. It used to it's all about deliverables. It used to it's all about deliverables. It used to be that you kind of had to tell Copilot be that you kind of had to tell Copilot be that you kind of had to tell Copilot every single thing that you wanted to every single thing that you wanted to every single thing that you wanted to do. And now you're able to just edit do. And now you're able to just edit do. And now you're able to just edit inside the files. You're able to edit inside the files. You're able to edit inside the files. You're able to edit inside Word and tell it what you wanted inside Word and tell it what you wanted inside Word and tell it what you wanted to do. You're able to edit inside Excel to do. You're able to edit inside Excel to do. You're able to edit inside Excel and tell it what you want to do. whereas and tell it what you want to do. whereas and tell it what you want to do. whereas before you could work with them and you before you could work with them and you before you could work with them and you could prompt them but you really had to could prompt them but you really had to could prompt them but you really had to go inside the documents or the excel go inside the documents or the excel go inside the documents or the excel sheets to have the best experience. sheets to have the best experience. sheets to have the best experience. &gt;&gt; Cool. Anything else you want to talk &gt;&gt; Cool. Anything else you want to talk &gt;&gt; Cool. Anything else you want to talk about in relation to word or the new about in relation to word or the new about in relation to word or the new wave 3? wave 3? wave 3? &gt;&gt; Um just more to come. They're going to &gt;&gt; Um just more to come. They're going to &gt;&gt; Um just more to come. They're going to release PowerPoint soon and they're also release PowerPoint soon and they're also release PowerPoint soon and they're also going to release Outlook and they're going to release Outlook and they're going to release Outlook and they're making some big promises for Outlook. making some big promises for Outlook. making some big promises for Outlook. For instance, they're saying that in For instance, they're saying that in For instance, they're saying that in Outlook, you'll get it to automatically Outlook, you'll get it to automatically Outlook, you'll get it to automatically handle almost all your email handle almost all your email handle almost all your email capabilities. You know, gone are going capabilities. You know, gone are going capabilities. You know, gone are going to be the days uh where we have to take to be the days uh where we have to take to be the days uh where we have to take the time out of our schedule and the time out of our schedule and the time out of our schedule and actually write these emails and organize actually write these emails and organize actually write these emails and organize these emails. They're saying all that's these emails. They're saying all that's these emails. They're saying all that's going to be a thing of the past. So, I'm going to be a thing of the past. So, I'm going to be a thing of the past. So, I'm really looking forward to it. really looking forward to it. really looking forward to it. &gt;&gt; That's crazy. I remember when I was &gt;&gt; That's crazy. I remember when I was &gt;&gt; That's crazy. I remember when I was using Outlook. I'd have all these custom using Outlook. I'd have all these custom using Outlook. I'd have all these custom hotkeys so I could process my emails as hotkeys so I could process my emails as hotkeys so I could process my emails as fast as possible. I was always about fast as possible. I was always about fast as possible. I was always about like inbox zero, no missed email. Not like inbox zero, no missed email. Not like inbox zero, no missed email. Not anymore. Now my mailbox is crazy. I'm anymore. Now my mailbox is crazy. I'm anymore. Now my mailbox is crazy. I'm just like, hey, whatever. just like, hey, whatever. just like, hey, whatever. &gt;&gt; But back in corporate, I was like, I &gt;&gt; But back in corporate, I was like, I &gt;&gt; But back in corporate, I was like, I don't want to miss anything. I want to don't want to miss anything. I want to don't want to miss anything. I want to know what everything that's happening. know what everything that's happening. know what everything that's happening. So, So, So, &gt;&gt; another thing that wave three is &gt;&gt; another thing that wave three is &gt;&gt; another thing that wave three is supposed to do is it's supposed to supposed to do is it's supposed to supposed to do is it's supposed to really help you with your calendar. It's really help you with your calendar. It's really help you with your calendar. It's now going to schedule meetings without now going to schedule meetings without now going to schedule meetings without you manually coordinating everything. you manually coordinating everything. you manually coordinating everything. And so you can just say find a time and And so you can just say find a time and And so you can just say find a time and it'll compare options to get your it'll compare options to get your it'll compare options to get your calendar, schedule the meeting, calendar, schedule the meeting, calendar, schedule the meeting, including details like rooms and including details like rooms and including details like rooms and agendas. And so it's going to work agendas. And so it's going to work agendas. And so it's going to work alongside you inside of Outlook drafting alongside you inside of Outlook drafting alongside you inside of Outlook drafting and refining the emails directly with and refining the emails directly with and refining the emails directly with changes that are transparent. changes that are transparent. changes that are transparent. And it's also going to do end to end And it's also going to do end to end And it's also going to do end to end from draft to send. Right now you draft from draft to send. Right now you draft from draft to send. Right now you draft an email and send it, but now it's going an email and send it, but now it's going an email and send it, but now it's going to say that it's even going to take over to say that it's even going to take over to say that it's even going to take over that step. You can ask it to do the that step. You can ask it to do the that step. You can ask it to do the email, refine it, and send it all all email, refine it, and send it all all email, refine it, and send it all all three together. So, it's making some three together. So, it's making some three together. So, it's making some huge promises for Outlook. huge promises for Outlook. huge promises for Outlook. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Yeah, I can't wait to explore &gt;&gt; Awesome. Yeah, I can't wait to explore &gt;&gt; Awesome. Yeah, I can't wait to explore that. that. that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I'm I'm looking forward to &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I'm I'm looking forward to &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I'm I'm looking forward to it, too. it, too. it, too. &gt;&gt; Okay, so we wrapped up Microsoft Excel &gt;&gt; Okay, so we wrapped up Microsoft Excel &gt;&gt; Okay, so we wrapped up Microsoft Excel and Microsoft. Word. Now, we're going to and Microsoft. Word. Now, we're going to and Microsoft. Word. Now, we're going to dive into Outlook. This is going to be dive into Outlook. This is going to be dive into Outlook. This is going to be really fun. really fun. really fun. &gt;&gt; Yes. Outlook is where people spend most &gt;&gt; Yes. Outlook is where people spend most &gt;&gt; Yes. Outlook is where people spend most of their time. People spend literally of their time. People spend literally of their time. People spend literally hours a day organizing their email box. hours a day organizing their email box. hours a day organizing their email box. And with Copilot, you can cut that time And with Copilot, you can cut that time And with Copilot, you can cut that time in half easily. I remember when I was in in half easily. I remember when I was in in half easily. I remember when I was in corporate, I had all of these hotkeys, corporate, I had all of these hotkeys, corporate, I had all of these hotkeys, so I could process my emails super so I could process my emails super so I could process my emails super efficiently. And of course, I'm efficiently. And of course, I'm efficiently. And of course, I'm processing emails while in a meeting, processing emails while in a meeting, processing emails while in a meeting, right? Like trying to multitask. So right? Like trying to multitask. So right? Like trying to multitask. So super excited to see how Copilot will be super excited to see how Copilot will be super excited to see how Copilot will be able to help. able to help. able to help. &gt;&gt; That's what everybody does. But I &gt;&gt; That's what everybody does. But I &gt;&gt; That's what everybody does. But I hopefully with Copilot, you won't have hopefully with Copilot, you won't have hopefully with Copilot, you won't have to do that in the future. to do that in the future. to do that in the future. So, there are two things that I would So, there are two things that I would So, there are two things that I would recommend everyone start with. The first recommend everyone start with. The first recommend everyone start with. The first thing that I would do to become really thing that I would do to become really thing that I would do to become really good with Copilot and to save time is to good with Copilot and to save time is to good with Copilot and to save time is to set up your settings in advance. And you set up your settings in advance. And you set up your settings in advance. And you can choose your custom instructions when can choose your custom instructions when can choose your custom instructions when drafting email. So, basically what drafting email. So, basically what drafting email. So, basically what that's doing is telling Copilot how you that's doing is telling Copilot how you that's doing is telling Copilot how you want it to sound. I don't know if you've want it to sound. I don't know if you've want it to sound. I don't know if you've seen the emails that everything starts seen the emails that everything starts seen the emails that everything starts with I'm doing well or how are you doing with I'm doing well or how are you doing with I'm doing well or how are you doing or the M dashes. So people say they can or the M dashes. So people say they can or the M dashes. So people say they can tell that it's AI that's written it. tell that it's AI that's written it. tell that it's AI that's written it. Well, this is where you can go in and Well, this is where you can go in and Well, this is where you can go in and customize it so that it can start the customize it so that it can start the customize it so that it can start the way you want it and people will think way you want it and people will think way you want it and people will think you wrote it yourself. So for instance, you wrote it yourself. So for instance, you wrote it yourself. So for instance, I always start my emails with Hi. One of I always start my emails with Hi. One of I always start my emails with Hi. One of the great things about Copilot and the great things about Copilot and the great things about Copilot and Outlook is that it helps you write Outlook is that it helps you write Outlook is that it helps you write emails. You can use Copilot and it'll emails. You can use Copilot and it'll emails. You can use Copilot and it'll easily write your emails for you. So easily write your emails for you. So easily write your emails for you. So let's say for example, I wanted to write let's say for example, I wanted to write let's say for example, I wanted to write an email. Now, I actually could send an email. Now, I actually could send an email. Now, I actually could send this email to you. I can pick on this this email to you. I can pick on this this email to you. I can pick on this little pencil right here, draft with little pencil right here, draft with little pencil right here, draft with co-pilot, and it says, "What do you want co-pilot, and it says, "What do you want co-pilot, and it says, "What do you want this email to say?" So, I'm going to this email to say?" So, I'm going to this email to say?" So, I'm going to say, "How is your day going? say, "How is your day going? say, "How is your day going? I hope we can meet up for lunch." I hope we can meet up for lunch." I hope we can meet up for lunch." &gt;&gt; Those are my favorite emails to get. &gt;&gt; Those are my favorite emails to get. &gt;&gt; Those are my favorite emails to get. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. What do you think of &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. What do you think of &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. What do you think of meeting at that restaurant meeting at that restaurant meeting at that restaurant on the corner and on the corner and on the corner and time? I'm just going to put time time? I'm just going to put time time? I'm just going to put time question right now. You can see that question right now. You can see that question right now. You can see that some of you know this this is not a some of you know this this is not a some of you know this this is not a really good written email, but I can hit really good written email, but I can hit really good written email, but I can hit generate and co-pilot with that generate and co-pilot with that generate and co-pilot with that information is going to know enough information is going to know enough information is going to know enough to run a nice email. And it says, "How's to run a nice email. And it says, "How's to run a nice email. And it says, "How's your day going? I hope you're doing your day going? I hope you're doing your day going? I hope you're doing well. That's a classic response that well. That's a classic response that well. That's a classic response that co-pilot a lot of times puts in there. I co-pilot a lot of times puts in there. I co-pilot a lot of times puts in there. I was wondering if we can meet for lunch was wondering if we can meet for lunch was wondering if we can meet for lunch sometime soon. And what do you think of sometime soon. And what do you think of sometime soon. And what do you think of the restaurant on the corner? It gives the restaurant on the corner? It gives the restaurant on the corner? It gives me that, but what makes it even better me that, but what makes it even better me that, but what makes it even better is it gives me some options. I can make is it gives me some options. I can make is it gives me some options. I can make it shorter. I can make it longer. I can it shorter. I can make it longer. I can it shorter. I can make it longer. I can change the tone. Do I want it direct? change the tone. Do I want it direct? change the tone. Do I want it direct? Casual poem. Casual poem. Casual poem. &gt;&gt; Like a poem. Exactly. &gt;&gt; Like a poem. Exactly. &gt;&gt; Like a poem. Exactly. Do you want to send someone a poem about Do you want to send someone a poem about Do you want to send someone a poem about eating eating eating all the time for my teeth. I would just all the time for my teeth. I would just all the time for my teeth. I would just do that. do that. do that. &gt;&gt; Stop. Listen, I put it in there. I want &gt;&gt; Stop. Listen, I put it in there. I want &gt;&gt; Stop. Listen, I put it in there. I want to know what it Oh, this is the poem to know what it Oh, this is the poem to know what it Oh, this is the poem they gave me. How was your day as they gave me. How was your day as they gave me. How was your day as moments go by? I hope it's been gentle, moments go by? I hope it's been gentle, moments go by? I hope it's been gentle, calm, and kind. This is actually pretty calm, and kind. This is actually pretty calm, and kind. This is actually pretty good. What? good. What? good. What? Perhaps the Perhaps the Perhaps the &gt;&gt; I love this. This was actually And &gt;&gt; I love this. This was actually And &gt;&gt; I love this. This was actually And listen, it even put in a title, a lunch listen, it even put in a title, a lunch listen, it even put in a title, a lunch invitation. So, Co-Pilot is really invitation. So, Co-Pilot is really invitation. So, Co-Pilot is really helpful when it comes to writing emails. helpful when it comes to writing emails. helpful when it comes to writing emails. It's also really helpful when it comes It's also really helpful when it comes It's also really helpful when it comes to replying for emails. So for instance, to replying for emails. So for instance, to replying for emails. So for instance, let's say I have an email and I want to let's say I have an email and I want to let's say I have an email and I want to reply. I can say what do I need to bring to the I can say what do I need to bring to the I can say what do I need to bring to the meeting? What time does it start? I am meeting? What time does it start? I am meeting? What time does it start? I am confused about this email. Right? And I confused about this email. Right? And I confused about this email. Right? And I can go here and ask it for auto rewrite can go here and ask it for auto rewrite can go here and ask it for auto rewrite or even get coaching. But here I'm just or even get coaching. But here I'm just or even get coaching. But here I'm just going to ask it to rewrite it. It's going to ask it to rewrite it. It's going to ask it to rewrite it. It's thinking a little bit. All right. And thinking a little bit. All right. And thinking a little bit. All right. And then I can replace it. What do I need to then I can replace it. What do I need to then I can replace it. What do I need to bring to the meeting and what time does bring to the meeting and what time does bring to the meeting and what time does it start? I'm confused about this email. it start? I'm confused about this email. it start? I'm confused about this email. So it helps me write the kind of email. So it helps me write the kind of email. So it helps me write the kind of email. It really helps me quickly write emails. It really helps me quickly write emails. It really helps me quickly write emails. But one of the things that people But one of the things that people But one of the things that people complain the most is that they say when complain the most is that they say when complain the most is that they say when AI writes my emails, it sounds generic AI writes my emails, it sounds generic AI writes my emails, it sounds generic like AI wrote it. and they don't realize like AI wrote it. and they don't realize like AI wrote it. and they don't realize they can change all that. All you have they can change all that. All you have they can change all that. All you have to do is go here to the top where it to do is go here to the top where it to do is go here to the top where it says settings says settings says settings and then at on the settings panel on the and then at on the settings panel on the and then at on the settings panel on the left it has co-pilot. You can go to the left it has co-pilot. You can go to the left it has co-pilot. You can go to the dropown co-pilot and you can do draft dropown co-pilot and you can do draft dropown co-pilot and you can do draft instructions and then you can do custom instructions and then you can do custom instructions and then you can do custom instructions. So I can say start my instructions. So I can say start my instructions. So I can say start my emails with the greeting emails with the greeting emails with the greeting hi. hi. hi. Do not ask someone how they are doing. Do not ask someone how they are doing. Do not ask someone how they are doing. Get straight to the point. Always write Get straight to the point. Always write Get straight to the point. Always write in bullet points. And so what you're in bullet points. And so what you're in bullet points. And so what you're doing there, maybe you're more direct. doing there, maybe you're more direct. doing there, maybe you're more direct. Maybe you want things straight to the Maybe you want things straight to the Maybe you want things straight to the point. you can give co-pilot that point. you can give co-pilot that point. you can give co-pilot that instruction. So when it writes an email, instruction. So when it writes an email, instruction. So when it writes an email, it's actually going to sound more like it's actually going to sound more like it's actually going to sound more like you. So that's one of the cool things you. So that's one of the cool things you. So that's one of the cool things about it. Now that those settings are about it. Now that those settings are about it. Now that those settings are actually telling Copilot how you want it actually telling Copilot how you want it actually telling Copilot how you want it to write your email. But let's say you to write your email. But let's say you to write your email. But let's say you want to know how you want Copilot to want to know how you want Copilot to want to know how you want Copilot to respond to you. respond to you. respond to you. &gt;&gt; Well, within Outlook email, there's this &gt;&gt; Well, within Outlook email, there's this &gt;&gt; Well, within Outlook email, there's this Copilot logo on the side. And most Copilot logo on the side. And most Copilot logo on the side. And most people are a little confused. They're people are a little confused. They're people are a little confused. They're like, "If there's already co-pilot like, "If there's already co-pilot like, "If there's already co-pilot inside these messages, right, when I inside these messages, right, when I inside these messages, right, when I write, what does this co-pilot that's write, what does this co-pilot that's write, what does this co-pilot that's actually on the side do?" So, I'm going actually on the side do?" So, I'm going actually on the side do?" So, I'm going to to to &gt;&gt; Y &gt;&gt; Y &gt;&gt; Y exactly. So, I'm going to I'm going to exactly. So, I'm going to I'm going to exactly. So, I'm going to I'm going to show it to you. Over here, you have all show it to you. Over here, you have all show it to you. Over here, you have all these other options that help you when these other options that help you when these other options that help you when you write an email. Now, first things you write an email. Now, first things you write an email. Now, first things first, you can go up here and you can go first, you can go up here and you can go first, you can go up here and you can go to settings to settings to settings and you can give Copilot custom and you can give Copilot custom and you can give Copilot custom instructions of how you want it to instructions of how you want it to instructions of how you want it to respond to you within Copilot. respond to you within Copilot. respond to you within Copilot. &gt;&gt; So, when you're asking Copilot things &gt;&gt; So, when you're asking Copilot things &gt;&gt; So, when you're asking Copilot things over here on this right side, you can over here on this right side, you can over here on this right side, you can tell it how you want it to respond. Be tell it how you want it to respond. Be tell it how you want it to respond. Be to the point, give me bullet points, to the point, give me bullet points, to the point, give me bullet points, give me direct answers. Right on the give me direct answers. Right on the give me direct answers. Right on the side, you can tell it how you want it to side, you can tell it how you want it to side, you can tell it how you want it to respond. But basically what happens here respond. But basically what happens here respond. But basically what happens here is you have access to co-pilot for the is you have access to co-pilot for the is you have access to co-pilot for the work and for the web and it's going to work and for the web and it's going to work and for the web and it's going to actually help you manage your email box. actually help you manage your email box. actually help you manage your email box. How many people have said, "My email box How many people have said, "My email box How many people have said, "My email box is just overloaded with emails. It's is just overloaded with emails. It's is just overloaded with emails. It's just out of control. I need some way to just out of control. I need some way to just out of control. I need some way to manage it." manage it." manage it." &gt;&gt; Pretty much everybody. &gt;&gt; Pretty much everybody. &gt;&gt; Pretty much everybody. &gt;&gt; Pretty much everybody. So you can &gt;&gt; Pretty much everybody. So you can &gt;&gt; Pretty much everybody. So you can actually come in here and you can put actually come in here and you can put actually come in here and you can put prompts in here that will help you prompts in here that will help you prompts in here that will help you manage your email box. So, what I'm manage your email box. So, what I'm manage your email box. So, what I'm going to do is I'm just going to go going to do is I'm just going to go going to do is I'm just going to go ahead and put in some prompts that will ahead and put in some prompts that will ahead and put in some prompts that will help me manage my email box. help me manage my email box. help me manage my email box. &gt;&gt; Oh, I was going to say I do like some of &gt;&gt; Oh, I was going to say I do like some of &gt;&gt; Oh, I was going to say I do like some of the options that they give you, like the options that they give you, like the options that they give you, like what matters most, which emails need what matters most, which emails need what matters most, which emails need urgent replies, and then unblock others. urgent replies, and then unblock others. urgent replies, and then unblock others. I feel like those are the three most I feel like those are the three most I feel like those are the three most important email categories. So, it's important email categories. So, it's important email categories. So, it's really cool that that's kind of just a really cool that that's kind of just a really cool that that's kind of just a pre-built prompt for you. pre-built prompt for you. pre-built prompt for you. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I think so, definitely. And &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I think so, definitely. And &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I think so, definitely. And not only does it have those pre not only does it have those pre not only does it have those pre pre-built prompts, but you can also put pre-built prompts, but you can also put pre-built prompts, but you can also put in your own prompts. So I can put in in your own prompts. So I can put in in your own prompts. So I can put in this prompt. For instance, for my emails this prompt. For instance, for my emails this prompt. For instance, for my emails in the past month, both sent and in the past month, both sent and in the past month, both sent and received, I would like you to summarize received, I would like you to summarize received, I would like you to summarize the key points related to Microsoft 365 the key points related to Microsoft 365 the key points related to Microsoft 365 enablement and training. From my emails, enablement and training. From my emails, enablement and training. From my emails, identify which actions need to be picked identify which actions need to be picked identify which actions need to be picked up for this week and prioritize them on up for this week and prioritize them on up for this week and prioritize them on a list with the highest priority first, a list with the highest priority first, a list with the highest priority first, including a summary of the actions including a summary of the actions including a summary of the actions needed and who needs to pick it up. So needed and who needs to pick it up. So needed and who needs to pick it up. So that's a common prompt that I might that's a common prompt that I might that's a common prompt that I might write to organize my week with co-pilot. write to organize my week with co-pilot. write to organize my week with co-pilot. I'm just imagining like, you know, when I'm just imagining like, you know, when I'm just imagining like, you know, when you go on vacation and you have 5,000 you go on vacation and you have 5,000 you go on vacation and you have 5,000 emails in your inbox. This would have emails in your inbox. This would have emails in your inbox. This would have been so handy. been so handy. been so handy. Yes, definitely. People use it for that Yes, definitely. People use it for that Yes, definitely. People use it for that all the time. And there are definitely all the time. And there are definitely all the time. And there are definitely tons of custom prompts that you can have tons of custom prompts that you can have tons of custom prompts that you can have that will help you with something like that will help you with something like that will help you with something like that. All right. And look, it's giving that. All right. And look, it's giving that. All right. And look, it's giving me my action items. And you can see that me my action items. And you can see that me my action items. And you can see that this is really going in detail and this is really going in detail and this is really going in detail and giving me a lot of information. And then giving me a lot of information. And then giving me a lot of information. And then it even, of course, Copilot is so it even, of course, Copilot is so it even, of course, Copilot is so helpful. It always asks if you wanted to helpful. It always asks if you wanted to helpful. It always asks if you wanted to go one step further. All right. Have you go one step further. All right. Have you go one step further. All right. Have you ever written an email and you want some ever written an email and you want some ever written an email and you want some facts to support what you're trying to facts to support what you're trying to facts to support what you're trying to say? say? say? You could use a prompt like this. And You could use a prompt like this. And You could use a prompt like this. And this is where it would really be this is where it would really be this is where it would really be beneficial to go to that website because beneficial to go to that website because beneficial to go to that website because this is giving you access to the this is giving you access to the this is giving you access to the internet. And maybe I could do a prompt internet. And maybe I could do a prompt internet. And maybe I could do a prompt like this. I want to support my like this. I want to support my like this. I want to support my statements. Ask me one question at a statements. Ask me one question at a statements. Ask me one question at a time to help me find the right time to help me find the right time to help me find the right supportive information. First ask me to supportive information. First ask me to supportive information. First ask me to provide the statement I want to support, provide the statement I want to support, provide the statement I want to support, then how I want to reinforce that then how I want to reinforce that then how I want to reinforce that statement, then list relevant statement, then list relevant statement, then list relevant information that I can use with information that I can use with information that I can use with suggestions on how to incorporate. suggestions on how to incorporate. suggestions on how to incorporate. So basically what I'm saying in a nice So basically what I'm saying in a nice So basically what I'm saying in a nice way is I'm trying to prove something and way is I'm trying to prove something and way is I'm trying to prove something and I need you to give me some help to prove I need you to give me some help to prove I need you to give me some help to prove it. it. it. So, let's say I'm writing an email and I So, let's say I'm writing an email and I So, let's say I'm writing an email and I want facts that a lot of people are want facts that a lot of people are want facts that a lot of people are adopting Microsoft 365 copilot in the adopting Microsoft 365 copilot in the adopting Microsoft 365 copilot in the US, right? And maybe I'm writing an US, right? And maybe I'm writing an US, right? And maybe I'm writing an email that says that. email that says that. email that says that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Maybe you're preparing a pitch to &gt;&gt; Yeah. Maybe you're preparing a pitch to &gt;&gt; Yeah. Maybe you're preparing a pitch to ask for more budget for something and ask for more budget for something and ask for more budget for something and you want to be able to say this is you want to be able to say this is you want to be able to say this is really important. This is why here are really important. This is why here are really important. This is why here are the facts. the facts. the facts. &gt;&gt; Exactly. So, it says question two, how &gt;&gt; Exactly. So, it says question two, how &gt;&gt; Exactly. So, it says question two, how do you want to reinforce this statement? do you want to reinforce this statement? do you want to reinforce this statement? Do you want hard data, marketing trends? Do you want hard data, marketing trends? Do you want hard data, marketing trends? What do you want? So, I'm going to say What do you want? So, I'm going to say What do you want? So, I'm going to say here that I'll take hard data and here that I'll take hard data and here that I'll take hard data and marketing trends. And look at what it's marketing trends. And look at what it's marketing trends. And look at what it's giving me. All this supporting data, giving me. All this supporting data, giving me. All this supporting data, right, that it's finding off the right, that it's finding off the right, that it's finding off the internet to confirm that. So, imagine internet to confirm that. So, imagine internet to confirm that. So, imagine how helpful, like you said, that's going how helpful, like you said, that's going how helpful, like you said, that's going to be if you're trying to ask for more to be if you're trying to ask for more to be if you're trying to ask for more budget or anything like that. Instead of budget or anything like that. Instead of budget or anything like that. Instead of having to leave Outlook and try to go to having to leave Outlook and try to go to having to leave Outlook and try to go to Copilot to do some research, you can do Copilot to do some research, you can do Copilot to do some research, you can do research right there while you're research right there while you're research right there while you're writing the email. You can just go back writing the email. You can just go back writing the email. You can just go back on each of those sources to verify the on each of those sources to verify the on each of those sources to verify the information. information. information. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. So, here I'm going to click &gt;&gt; Absolutely. So, here I'm going to click &gt;&gt; Absolutely. So, here I'm going to click on this one. This one, as you can see, on this one. This one, as you can see, on this one. This one, as you can see, is from Ignite. Why nearly 70% of is from Ignite. Why nearly 70% of is from Ignite. Why nearly 70% of Fortune 500 companies now use Microsoft Fortune 500 companies now use Microsoft Fortune 500 companies now use Microsoft 365. And I'll pull it over in a separate 365. And I'll pull it over in a separate 365. And I'll pull it over in a separate window. And so you can verify the window. And so you can verify the window. And so you can verify the sources it's giving you right there. And sources it's giving you right there. And sources it's giving you right there. And I can see it the statement right here. I can see it the statement right here. I can see it the statement right here. So this is really good because like you So this is really good because like you So this is really good because like you said, you need those receipts, right? said, you need those receipts, right? said, you need those receipts, right? &gt;&gt; For sure. &gt;&gt; For sure. &gt;&gt; For sure. &gt;&gt; So for every it's giving you, you have &gt;&gt; So for every it's giving you, you have &gt;&gt; So for every it's giving you, you have the receipts and you can go ahead and the receipts and you can go ahead and the receipts and you can go ahead and pull it up and it comes up the pull it up and it comes up the pull it up and it comes up the information and a separate window for information and a separate window for information and a separate window for you to browse and view. you to browse and view. you to browse and view. &gt;&gt; I also think this is really useful when &gt;&gt; I also think this is really useful when &gt;&gt; I also think this is really useful when you are advocating for something and you are advocating for something and you are advocating for something and there's multiple teams, multiple there's multiple teams, multiple there's multiple teams, multiple stakeholders. It seems like you could stakeholders. It seems like you could stakeholders. It seems like you could use this to kind of sift through all the use this to kind of sift through all the use this to kind of sift through all the different conversations that are going different conversations that are going different conversations that are going on. Some of them you're running, some of on. Some of them you're running, some of on. Some of them you're running, some of them you're just CCed on. And you could them you're just CCed on. And you could them you're just CCed on. And you could say, "Hey, look, these are all of the say, "Hey, look, these are all of the say, "Hey, look, these are all of the people who kind of agree with our people who kind of agree with our people who kind of agree with our position." Like maybe it's prioritize position." Like maybe it's prioritize position." Like maybe it's prioritize certain things on the road map and certain things on the road map and certain things on the road map and here's why we agree. Here's some data here's why we agree. Here's some data here's why we agree. Here's some data from customer surveys. Here's some data from customer surveys. Here's some data from customer surveys. Here's some data from user experience testing, etc. And from user experience testing, etc. And from user experience testing, etc. And it it cuz like you would it would just it it cuz like you would it would just it it cuz like you would it would just take a long time to kind of like sift take a long time to kind of like sift take a long time to kind of like sift through all that and make sure I got through all that and make sure I got through all that and make sure I got people's perspectives, choose who I want people's perspectives, choose who I want people's perspectives, choose who I want to emphasize. I could say they agree to emphasize. I could say they agree to emphasize. I could say they agree with us and this is why. And so this is with us and this is why. And so this is with us and this is why. And so this is really handy that it works with all of really handy that it works with all of really handy that it works with all of your email. And it seems to be pretty your email. And it seems to be pretty your email. And it seems to be pretty fast as well. Searching through fast as well. Searching through fast as well. Searching through everything. everything. everything. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Listen, it sounds to me like you &gt;&gt; Yeah. Listen, it sounds to me like you &gt;&gt; Yeah. Listen, it sounds to me like you used to be an executive. I think you've used to be an executive. I think you've used to be an executive. I think you've been holding back on your real title been holding back on your real title been holding back on your real title here. here. here. &gt;&gt; I did manage a lot of people. &gt;&gt; I did manage a lot of people. &gt;&gt; I did manage a lot of people. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It sounds like you really know &gt;&gt; Yeah. It sounds like you really know &gt;&gt; Yeah. It sounds like you really know what you were doing. Um, so those are what you were doing. Um, so those are what you were doing. Um, so those are just some of the things that you can do, just some of the things that you can do, just some of the things that you can do, but there's also some other capabilities but there's also some other capabilities but there's also some other capabilities and that's when you go to schedule a and that's when you go to schedule a and that's when you go to schedule a meeting. One thing about Outlook is meeting. One thing about Outlook is meeting. One thing about Outlook is corporate America, you're always in corporate America, you're always in corporate America, you're always in meetings. It's like non-stop. So ex meetings. It's like non-stop. So ex meetings. It's like non-stop. So ex imagine that you want to schedule a imagine that you want to schedule a imagine that you want to schedule a meeting. Imagine you want to schedule a meeting. Imagine you want to schedule a meeting. Imagine you want to schedule a meeting. You can go up here and click meeting. You can go up here and click meeting. You can go up here and click this dropown next to new mail. And the this dropown next to new mail. And the this dropown next to new mail. And the drop-down has events. So you would click drop-down has events. So you would click drop-down has events. So you would click here for an event. Right now this is me here for an event. Right now this is me here for an event. Right now this is me deciding okay I want to schedule a deciding okay I want to schedule a deciding okay I want to schedule a meeting. If I choose a meeting and let's meeting. If I choose a meeting and let's meeting. If I choose a meeting and let's just say I want the title to be let's just say I want the title to be let's just say I want the title to be let's see I'm that obnoxious colleague that see I'm that obnoxious colleague that see I'm that obnoxious colleague that schedules meetings at 8:30 p.m. your schedules meetings at 8:30 p.m. your schedules meetings at 8:30 p.m. your time. time. time. I'm going to make the title to review. I'm going to make the title to review. I'm going to make the title to review. Right. Right. Right. And I'm gonna invite Sabrina, right? And And I'm gonna invite Sabrina, right? And And I'm gonna invite Sabrina, right? And I'm going to press this draft an agenda I'm going to press this draft an agenda I'm going to press this draft an agenda for me. Okay. And it'll use Copilot. for me. Okay. And it'll use Copilot. for me. Okay. And it'll use Copilot. It's searching my emails and chat. It's searching my emails and chat. It's searching my emails and chat. &gt;&gt; And when you say chats, by the way, is &gt;&gt; And when you say chats, by the way, is &gt;&gt; And when you say chats, by the way, is that Microsoft Teams? that Microsoft Teams? that Microsoft Teams? &gt;&gt; Yes. Says Microsoft Teams. Exactly. &gt;&gt; Yes. Says Microsoft Teams. Exactly. &gt;&gt; Yes. Says Microsoft Teams. Exactly. &gt;&gt; That's so cool cuz Yeah, normally you'll &gt;&gt; That's so cool cuz Yeah, normally you'll &gt;&gt; That's so cool cuz Yeah, normally you'll talk in chat like, "Hey, let's mute up talk in chat like, "Hey, let's mute up talk in chat like, "Hey, let's mute up this." So that's cool. I can search this." So that's cool. I can search this." So that's cool. I can search that. Yeah. that. Yeah. that. Yeah. &gt;&gt; It'll use any files, any information it &gt;&gt; It'll use any files, any information it &gt;&gt; It'll use any files, any information it has to come up with an agenda. So it has to come up with an agenda. So it has to come up with an agenda. So it won't be a generic agenda. It will be won't be a generic agenda. It will be won't be a generic agenda. It will be actually based upon your work data. So actually based upon your work data. So actually based upon your work data. So it's going to know based on who you it's going to know based on who you it's going to know based on who you invited and what the topic of the invited and what the topic of the invited and what the topic of the meeting is. It's going to be able to meeting is. It's going to be able to meeting is. It's going to be able to come up with an agenda based on that come up with an agenda based on that come up with an agenda based on that information. So that's something that's information. So that's something that's information. So that's something that's really cool. Another place that Copilot really cool. Another place that Copilot really cool. Another place that Copilot helps you is when it comes to a meeting. helps you is when it comes to a meeting. helps you is when it comes to a meeting. Let's say you and it's at 12:00 p.m. I Let's say you and it's at 12:00 p.m. I Let's say you and it's at 12:00 p.m. I can doubleclick it and at the top can doubleclick it and at the top can doubleclick it and at the top co-pilot will actually help me prepare co-pilot will actually help me prepare co-pilot will actually help me prepare for my meeting. It says chat with for my meeting. It says chat with for my meeting. It says chat with co-pilot to get ready and it can give me co-pilot to get ready and it can give me co-pilot to get ready and it can give me talking points, suggest a question or talking points, suggest a question or talking points, suggest a question or even tell me why I should attend this even tell me why I should attend this even tell me why I should attend this meeting. meeting. meeting. &gt;&gt; That's the best button ever. &gt;&gt; That's the best button ever. &gt;&gt; That's the best button ever. &gt;&gt; Exactly. What about if you click on it &gt;&gt; Exactly. What about if you click on it &gt;&gt; Exactly. What about if you click on it and it says no. Really don't. and it says no. Really don't. and it says no. Really don't. But this is helpful because sometimes But this is helpful because sometimes But this is helpful because sometimes you do think I don't remember why I you do think I don't remember why I you do think I don't remember why I scheduled this meeting or why I should scheduled this meeting or why I should scheduled this meeting or why I should even attend this meeting. So, it's very even attend this meeting. So, it's very even attend this meeting. So, it's very helpful to get answers to all that and helpful to get answers to all that and helpful to get answers to all that and even talking points of what you should even talking points of what you should even talking points of what you should discuss in the meeting. discuss in the meeting. discuss in the meeting. &gt;&gt; I mean, especially with meeting invites &gt;&gt; I mean, especially with meeting invites &gt;&gt; I mean, especially with meeting invites that have like 100 people, it's like, that have like 100 people, it's like, that have like 100 people, it's like, wait, do I have to go to this meeting? wait, do I have to go to this meeting? wait, do I have to go to this meeting? &gt;&gt; And it, you know, it's honest, &gt;&gt; And it, you know, it's honest, &gt;&gt; And it, you know, it's honest, &gt;&gt; it may tell you that there's no real &gt;&gt; it may tell you that there's no real &gt;&gt; it may tell you that there's no real reason. Maybe you can just not go. So, reason. Maybe you can just not go. So, reason. Maybe you can just not go. So, you never know. Another thing that you you never know. Another thing that you you never know. Another thing that you can do with Copilot, which I think is so can do with Copilot, which I think is so can do with Copilot, which I think is so cool, is we were talking about you can cool, is we were talking about you can cool, is we were talking about you can get it to search for certain emails. So, get it to search for certain emails. So, get it to search for certain emails. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to ask what I'm going to do is I'm going to ask what I'm going to do is I'm going to ask it to search across my emails to find it to search across my emails to find it to search across my emails to find some information for me. So, here I'm some information for me. So, here I'm some information for me. So, here I'm asking it and I'm saying search across asking it and I'm saying search across asking it and I'm saying search across my Outlook mailboxes for emails where my Outlook mailboxes for emails where my Outlook mailboxes for emails where blot appears, anywhere in the message blot appears, anywhere in the message blot appears, anywhere in the message body, conversation history or forwarded body, conversation history or forwarded body, conversation history or forwarded content. Do not rely on subject lines. content. Do not rely on subject lines. content. Do not rely on subject lines. Include long uh reply threads and Include long uh reply threads and Include long uh reply threads and summarize the findings with email summarize the findings with email summarize the findings with email references. So, isn't this helpful? references. So, isn't this helpful? references. So, isn't this helpful? Sometimes you're looking for an email Sometimes you're looking for an email Sometimes you're looking for an email and you're having to go through all this and you're having to go through all this and you're having to go through all this information to try to find the right information to try to find the right information to try to find the right thing. So, here, let's say I saw thing. So, here, let's say I saw thing. So, here, let's say I saw something about Blow in my email and I something about Blow in my email and I something about Blow in my email and I thought, where is this mentioned? Or thought, where is this mentioned? Or thought, where is this mentioned? Or maybe I need to find something that I maybe I need to find something that I maybe I need to find something that I know has the name Blotato in it. I can know has the name Blotato in it. I can know has the name Blotato in it. I can go ahead and search for it. go ahead and search for it. go ahead and search for it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, so it has a lot of information &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, so it has a lot of information &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, so it has a lot of information about it, a lot of places in my email about it, a lot of places in my email about it, a lot of places in my email where that exists. Now, here's the neat where that exists. Now, here's the neat where that exists. Now, here's the neat part. Have you ever received an email part. Have you ever received an email part. Have you ever received an email and thought, I don't even know what that and thought, I don't even know what that and thought, I don't even know what that person's talking about. Sure. person's talking about. Sure. person's talking about. Sure. So, let's say I was looking, somebody So, let's say I was looking, somebody So, let's say I was looking, somebody sent me something on about Blot and I sent me something on about Blot and I sent me something on about Blot and I thought, I see I've got some emails thought, I see I've got some emails thought, I see I've got some emails about it, but I'm just really not sure about it, but I'm just really not sure about it, but I'm just really not sure what this Blot thing is. I could go over what this Blot thing is. I could go over what this Blot thing is. I could go over here, right? here, right? here, right? I could copy the name and I could go up I could copy the name and I could go up I could copy the name and I could go up over to the web and just say over to the web and just say over to the web and just say &gt;&gt; I'm just imagining people watching this &gt;&gt; I'm just imagining people watching this &gt;&gt; I'm just imagining people watching this like what is this blue potato thing like what is this blue potato thing like what is this blue potato thing they're going to search for it in their they're going to search for it in their they're going to search for it in their email right what is blue potato so if I email right what is blue potato so if I email right what is blue potato so if I didn't know what it was and go right to didn't know what it was and go right to didn't know what it was and go right to the web and look it up right the web and look it up right the web and look it up right &gt;&gt; yeah it's really nice that everything's &gt;&gt; yeah it's really nice that everything's &gt;&gt; yeah it's really nice that everything's like in context in the app that makes like in context in the app that makes like in context in the app that makes such a big difference not having to like such a big difference not having to like such a big difference not having to like context switch to another tab or context switch to another tab or context switch to another tab or rearrange stuff and copy paste between rearrange stuff and copy paste between rearrange stuff and copy paste between multiple apps multiple apps multiple apps I've received so many times I've I've received so many times I've I've received so many times I've received emails regarding different received emails regarding different received emails regarding different topics and there are words in those topics and there are words in those topics and there are words in those emails I'm not sure what computer emails I'm not sure what computer emails I'm not sure what computer programs they're talking about or I'm programs they're talking about or I'm programs they're talking about or I'm not sure what they're making reference not sure what they're making reference not sure what they're making reference to. So it's so easy to go right over to to. So it's so easy to go right over to to. So it's so easy to go right over to the web and look it up. Blow is an AI the web and look it up. Blow is an AI the web and look it up. Blow is an AI powered content creation and repurposing powered content creation and repurposing powered content creation and repurposing platform. platform. platform. &gt;&gt; Okay. And so here it tells me in plain &gt;&gt; Okay. And so here it tells me in plain &gt;&gt; Okay. And so here it tells me in plain language create once and distribute um language create once and distribute um language create once and distribute um everywhere. So this is a platform that everywhere. So this is a platform that everywhere. So this is a platform that helps people who have maybe LinkedIn, helps people who have maybe LinkedIn, helps people who have maybe LinkedIn, Twitter, Tik Tok, threads, blogs, Twitter, Tik Tok, threads, blogs, Twitter, Tik Tok, threads, blogs, anything like that and it helps them anything like that and it helps them anything like that and it helps them repurpose it at scale. Even says who is repurpose it at scale. Even says who is repurpose it at scale. Even says who is for so for so for so &gt;&gt; yeah content creators, small businesses &gt;&gt; yeah content creators, small businesses &gt;&gt; yeah content creators, small businesses and agencies look at in one sentence and agencies look at in one sentence and agencies look at in one sentence blow blow is an all-in-one AI content blow blow is an all-in-one AI content blow blow is an all-in-one AI content engine that turns a single idea or asset engine that turns a single idea or asset engine that turns a single idea or asset into a full week or more of ready to into a full week or more of ready to into a full week or more of ready to publish social content. publish social content. publish social content. &gt;&gt; That's pretty good. Thanks co-pilot even has look here where I can go to the even has look here where I can go to the even has look here where I can go to the source. source. source. So that's just showing you some of the So that's just showing you some of the So that's just showing you some of the things that co-pilot can do. So this things that co-pilot can do. So this things that co-pilot can do. So this isn't everything that C-Pilot can do, isn't everything that C-Pilot can do, isn't everything that C-Pilot can do, but there's this just using these tips but there's this just using these tips but there's this just using these tips alone will make things so much easier alone will make things so much easier alone will make things so much easier with your email. Just knowing that you with your email. Just knowing that you with your email. Just knowing that you can add in certain prompts and they'll can add in certain prompts and they'll can add in certain prompts and they'll organize and structure your email box. organize and structure your email box. organize and structure your email box. For instance, you could say, "Oh, what For instance, you could say, "Oh, what For instance, you could say, "Oh, what emails have I had the last week that are emails have I had the last week that are emails have I had the last week that are unopened? What items did I not respond unopened? What items did I not respond unopened? What items did I not respond to?" All those kind of prompts you could to?" All those kind of prompts you could to?" All those kind of prompts you could put in on the work side and use it to put in on the work side and use it to put in on the work side and use it to manage your emails over here. And then manage your emails over here. And then manage your emails over here. And then you have the website where you can ask you have the website where you can ask you have the website where you can ask questions. And then you also have where questions. And then you also have where questions. And then you also have where email can reply. You also have where email can reply. You also have where email can reply. You also have where co-pilot can reply and respond to your co-pilot can reply and respond to your co-pilot can reply and respond to your emails. And not only that, but co-pilot emails. And not only that, but co-pilot emails. And not only that, but co-pilot can also summarize long email threads. can also summarize long email threads. can also summarize long email threads. And a lot of people get a lot out of And a lot of people get a lot out of And a lot of people get a lot out of that. that. that. &gt;&gt; That's awesome. Yeah, I really really &gt;&gt; That's awesome. Yeah, I really really &gt;&gt; That's awesome. Yeah, I really really like what they're doing here. I'm like what they're doing here. I'm like what they're doing here. I'm curious like when wave three comes out, curious like when wave three comes out, curious like when wave three comes out, what it'll do to co-pilot. This looks what it'll do to co-pilot. This looks what it'll do to co-pilot. This looks &gt;&gt; You know what? Let's look this up. This &gt;&gt; You know what? Let's look this up. This &gt;&gt; You know what? Let's look this up. This will be a fun test. What will wave will be a fun test. What will wave will be a fun test. What will wave three? Now, I know the answer, but I three? Now, I know the answer, but I three? Now, I know the answer, but I just want to see if it'll know it. What just want to see if it'll know it. What just want to see if it'll know it. What will wave three do? I'm curious. Now, I will wave three do? I'm curious. Now, I will wave three do? I'm curious. Now, I might be able to cheat a little bit might be able to cheat a little bit might be able to cheat a little bit because this is Microsoft's own product, because this is Microsoft's own product, because this is Microsoft's own product, right? So it should Okay, look. This is pretty good. You Okay, look. This is pretty good. You Okay, look. This is pretty good. You know what? This is what it's supposed to know what? This is what it's supposed to know what? This is what it's supposed to do. So this is actually pretty good. do. So this is actually pretty good. do. So this is actually pretty good. Wave three turns co-pilot in Outlook Wave three turns co-pilot in Outlook Wave three turns co-pilot in Outlook from a help me write assistant into a from a help me write assistant into a from a help me write assistant into a co-worker that can draft, refine, and co-worker that can draft, refine, and co-worker that can draft, refine, and act on emails and calendar work directly act on emails and calendar work directly act on emails and calendar work directly inside of Outlook. And I can tell you inside of Outlook. And I can tell you inside of Outlook. And I can tell you this end to-end email creation from this end to-end email creation from this end to-end email creation from Co-Pilot Chat is supposed to be really Co-Pilot Chat is supposed to be really Co-Pilot Chat is supposed to be really good where now you can be inside chat. good where now you can be inside chat. good where now you can be inside chat. And what they're trying to do is get it And what they're trying to do is get it And what they're trying to do is get it to where you go to these apps when you to where you go to these apps when you to where you go to these apps when you want to. You go to Outlook when you want want to. You go to Outlook when you want want to. You go to Outlook when you want to, but you really can do everything to, but you really can do everything to, but you really can do everything from chat, setting up meetings, anything from chat, setting up meetings, anything from chat, setting up meetings, anything you want. So they're getting that into a you want. So they're getting that into a you want. So they're getting that into a more chat experience. It's amazing what more chat experience. It's amazing what more chat experience. It's amazing what they plan to do. And they especially they plan to do. And they especially they plan to do. And they especially plan to do a lot more with calendars. plan to do a lot more with calendars. plan to do a lot more with calendars. They said agentic calendar support They said agentic calendar support They said agentic calendar support analyzing your calendar for conflicts or analyzing your calendar for conflicts or analyzing your calendar for conflicts or low value meetings. That's what you were low value meetings. That's what you were low value meetings. That's what you were talking about talking about talking about my calendar. my calendar. my calendar. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I love that they're doing this and using &gt;&gt; I love that they're doing this and using &gt;&gt; I love that they're doing this and using the work queue. So it's it's from intent the work queue. So it's it's from intent the work queue. So it's it's from intent to execution. I agree with that. It's to execution. I agree with that. It's to execution. I agree with that. It's taking you from a place where they said taking you from a place where they said taking you from a place where they said co-pilot right now it's called your co-pilot right now it's called your co-pilot right now it's called your assistant. It works with you but they assistant. It works with you but they assistant. It works with you but they want to transition it from an assistant want to transition it from an assistant want to transition it from an assistant to a co-orker which is like an upgrade. to a co-orker which is like an upgrade. to a co-orker which is like an upgrade. So now it's going to get to a point So now it's going to get to a point So now it's going to get to a point where you're going to assign a task and where you're going to assign a task and where you're going to assign a task and it's going to do it where an assistant it's going to do it where an assistant it's going to do it where an assistant you hold their hand a little bit. You you hold their hand a little bit. You you hold their hand a little bit. You know they you give them little mini know they you give them little mini know they you give them little mini assignments they bring something back a assignments they bring something back a assignments they bring something back a little bit more they bring something little bit more they bring something little bit more they bring something back. Now with co-pilot you're just back. Now with co-pilot you're just back. Now with co-pilot you're just going to tell what to do going to tell what to do going to tell what to do &gt;&gt; and it's going to bring back the work. I &gt;&gt; and it's going to bring back the work. I &gt;&gt; and it's going to bring back the work. I will tell you also that I have seen some will tell you also that I have seen some will tell you also that I have seen some things that they're planning on things that they're planning on things that they're planning on releasing in wave three. They're releasing in wave three. They're releasing in wave three. They're planning on releasing what they call a planning on releasing what they call a planning on releasing what they call a workflow agent. And I have seen where workflow agent. And I have seen where workflow agent. And I have seen where that agent will actually take your that agent will actually take your that agent will actually take your emails, compare it against everything emails, compare it against everything emails, compare it against everything that's in your One Drive, Teams, that's in your One Drive, Teams, that's in your One Drive, Teams, SharePoint, Outlook. It'll just compare SharePoint, Outlook. It'll just compare SharePoint, Outlook. It'll just compare it against all your data, right? Compare it against all your data, right? Compare it against all your data, right? Compare everything that's in the Microsoft everything that's in the Microsoft everything that's in the Microsoft universe. It'll compare your emails to universe. It'll compare your emails to universe. It'll compare your emails to that based on all your information. that based on all your information. that based on all your information. It'll write a response to the email. It'll write a response to the email. It'll write a response to the email. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; And then you can, if you choose, have it &gt;&gt; And then you can, if you choose, have it &gt;&gt; And then you can, if you choose, have it just send out the emails for you and you just send out the emails for you and you just send out the emails for you and you never see it. It's just giving those never see it. It's just giving those never see it. It's just giving those responses. responses. responses. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. &gt;&gt; Or if you're not that brave, cuz I'm not &gt;&gt; Or if you're not that brave, cuz I'm not &gt;&gt; Or if you're not that brave, cuz I'm not that brave. that brave. that brave. &gt;&gt; You got to be careful with that one. &gt;&gt; You got to be careful with that one. &gt;&gt; You got to be careful with that one. &gt;&gt; You can have it write your email for you &gt;&gt; You can have it write your email for you &gt;&gt; You can have it write your email for you and then it'll just be a draft. So what and then it'll just be a draft. So what and then it'll just be a draft. So what you're seeing now is I'm going here and you're seeing now is I'm going here and you're seeing now is I'm going here and if you notice I'm writing the reply and if you notice I'm writing the reply and if you notice I'm writing the reply and then co-pilot is making the reply then co-pilot is making the reply then co-pilot is making the reply better. Imagine a world where co-pilot better. Imagine a world where co-pilot better. Imagine a world where co-pilot actually writes the reply and I just actually writes the reply and I just actually writes the reply and I just read over it and see if it's right. read over it and see if it's right. read over it and see if it's right. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; So that's where they're going with the &gt;&gt; So that's where they're going with the &gt;&gt; So that's where they're going with the workflows agent. So I can tell you workflows agent. So I can tell you workflows agent. So I can tell you there's going to be a lot of really cool there's going to be a lot of really cool there's going to be a lot of really cool things that they're going to be things that they're going to be things that they're going to be releasing really. Now, releasing really. Now, releasing really. Now, &gt;&gt; what what they really need is the one &gt;&gt; what what they really need is the one &gt;&gt; what what they really need is the one that takes your angry email and prevents that takes your angry email and prevents that takes your angry email and prevents you from sending it. It's like, "Yes, you from sending it. It's like, "Yes, you from sending it. It's like, "Yes, yes, we sent it." And then it actually yes, we sent it." And then it actually yes, we sent it." And then it actually waited until the next morning. waited until the next morning. waited until the next morning. &gt;&gt; Deleted it. Yeah. I think a lot of &gt;&gt; Deleted it. Yeah. I think a lot of &gt;&gt; Deleted it. Yeah. I think a lot of people have told me that the one that people have told me that the one that people have told me that the one that says check for tone has saved them so says check for tone has saved them so says check for tone has saved them so many times. Like they'll really many times. Like they'll really many times. Like they'll really literally go into an email and they'll literally go into an email and they'll literally go into an email and they'll be like when they had a check the tone, be like when they had a check the tone, be like when they had a check the tone, they'll say the tone isn't right. And I they'll say the tone isn't right. And I they'll say the tone isn't right. And I think that's really good for some think that's really good for some think that's really good for some people. They're just not used to writing people. They're just not used to writing people. They're just not used to writing good morning and have a great day. good morning and have a great day. good morning and have a great day. &gt;&gt; It's so hard to convey stuff in email. &gt;&gt; It's so hard to convey stuff in email. &gt;&gt; It's so hard to convey stuff in email. Like what if you're not the best writer? Like what if you're not the best writer? Like what if you're not the best writer? A lot of stuff is misunderstood over A lot of stuff is misunderstood over A lot of stuff is misunderstood over email. Which is why as a best practice, email. Which is why as a best practice, email. Which is why as a best practice, you don't want to be negotiating or you don't want to be negotiating or you don't want to be negotiating or talking about really sensitive stuff talking about really sensitive stuff talking about really sensitive stuff over email because it's so easy for over email because it's so easy for over email because it's so easy for someone to misconstrue your intent, someone to misconstrue your intent, someone to misconstrue your intent, misconrue the emotion behind your words, misconrue the emotion behind your words, misconrue the emotion behind your words, etc. etc. etc. will tell you personally, will tell you personally, will tell you personally, my emails have gotten so much better my emails have gotten so much better my emails have gotten so much better with co-pilot reviewing it like that with co-pilot reviewing it like that with co-pilot reviewing it like that because now I'm understanding that my because now I'm understanding that my because now I'm understanding that my tone could be a little better, sometimes tone could be a little better, sometimes tone could be a little better, sometimes a little softer. Co-pilot's done all a little softer. Co-pilot's done all a little softer. Co-pilot's done all that for me. It's amazing. It can really that for me. It's amazing. It can really that for me. It's amazing. It can really help a lot. help a lot. help a lot. &gt;&gt; So, we have Copilot in Outlook. It's &gt;&gt; So, we have Copilot in Outlook. It's &gt;&gt; So, we have Copilot in Outlook. It's helping create your calendar, helping helping create your calendar, helping helping create your calendar, helping you stay on track of everything. So, you stay on track of everything. So, you stay on track of everything. So, what happens when you actually have one what happens when you actually have one what happens when you actually have one of the meetings that you've scheduled? of the meetings that you've scheduled? of the meetings that you've scheduled? Can Co-pilot help you with that? Can Co-pilot help you with that? Can Co-pilot help you with that? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. You can go to Teams. Most &gt;&gt; Absolutely. You can go to Teams. Most &gt;&gt; Absolutely. You can go to Teams. Most people nowadays are having their people nowadays are having their people nowadays are having their meetings if they're in the Microsoft meetings if they're in the Microsoft meetings if they're in the Microsoft world in Teams. And Teams can actually world in Teams. And Teams can actually world in Teams. And Teams can actually take meeting notes, give you a summary take meeting notes, give you a summary take meeting notes, give you a summary of your meeting, tell you action items of your meeting, tell you action items of your meeting, tell you action items so that you know what needs to be done so that you know what needs to be done so that you know what needs to be done next. And it can even, if you enable it, next. And it can even, if you enable it, next. And it can even, if you enable it, um, set up meetings. So, it could say, um, set up meetings. So, it could say, um, set up meetings. So, it could say, "Hey, these are some unfinished items "Hey, these are some unfinished items "Hey, these are some unfinished items you may need to set up a meeting for." you may need to set up a meeting for." you may need to set up a meeting for." Now, that's a more advanced capability Now, that's a more advanced capability Now, that's a more advanced capability you'd have to enable, but you could. Um, you'd have to enable, but you could. Um, you'd have to enable, but you could. Um, I pull Teams up and show you that. Yeah, I pull Teams up and show you that. Yeah, I pull Teams up and show you that. Yeah, that'd be great. that'd be great. that'd be great. &gt;&gt; All right. What you see here is after a &gt;&gt; All right. What you see here is after a &gt;&gt; All right. What you see here is after a meeting, you have what we call meeting meeting, you have what we call meeting meeting, you have what we call meeting chats. And I'll show you how you set it chats. And I'll show you how you set it chats. And I'll show you how you set it set up a this a facilitator agent to do set up a this a facilitator agent to do set up a this a facilitator agent to do this in your meeting. But after a this in your meeting. But after a this in your meeting. But after a meeting, you're going to have whatever meeting, you're going to have whatever meeting, you're going to have whatever meeting if they choose to write any meeting if they choose to write any meeting if they choose to write any AI summary, and that's what you have AI summary, and that's what you have AI summary, and that's what you have here. So, we have meeting notes, we have here. So, we have meeting notes, we have here. So, we have meeting notes, we have follow-up task, follow-up task, follow-up task, we have transcripts. So if you're we have transcripts. So if you're we have transcripts. So if you're wondering who said what, that's also wondering who said what, that's also wondering who said what, that's also here. And if you have any adment here. And if you have any adment here. And if you have any adment mentions of anyone, that's here too. mentions of anyone, that's here too. mentions of anyone, that's here too. When traditionally people always hate to When traditionally people always hate to When traditionally people always hate to do meeting notes, right? No one wants to do meeting notes, right? No one wants to do meeting notes, right? No one wants to be in charge of the meeting notes, the be in charge of the meeting notes, the be in charge of the meeting notes, the action items, the follow-ups. action items, the follow-ups. action items, the follow-ups. Facilitator agent does that all. What Facilitator agent does that all. What Facilitator agent does that all. What happens is when you decide to either happens is when you decide to either happens is when you decide to either record a meeting or turn on record a meeting or turn on record a meeting or turn on transcription, then what it'll do is transcription, then what it'll do is transcription, then what it'll do is it'll transcribe the whole meeting and it'll transcribe the whole meeting and it'll transcribe the whole meeting and then it will take that information and then it will take that information and then it will take that information and it'll create a summary that'll give you it'll create a summary that'll give you it'll create a summary that'll give you meeting notes and follow-up task and meeting notes and follow-up task and meeting notes and follow-up task and it'll even reschedule. Let's say you it'll even reschedule. Let's say you it'll even reschedule. Let's say you want to set up a meeting. I can go to want to set up a meeting. I can go to want to set up a meeting. I can go to options and I can go to co-pilot and options and I can go to co-pilot and options and I can go to co-pilot and other AI. And if I go down to other AI. And if I go down to other AI. And if I go down to facilitator, I can toggle that on facilitator, I can toggle that on facilitator, I can toggle that on here. What I'm going to do is I'm going here. What I'm going to do is I'm going here. What I'm going to do is I'm going to toggle on first record and transcribe to toggle on first record and transcribe to toggle on first record and transcribe automatically automatically automatically and then I'm going to toggle on the and then I'm going to toggle on the and then I'm going to toggle on the facilitator agent and I'm going to facilitator agent and I'm going to facilitator agent and I'm going to apply. And what this will do is because apply. And what this will do is because apply. And what this will do is because I've toggled that already on for this I've toggled that already on for this I've toggled that already on for this meeting when this meeting starts I've meeting when this meeting starts I've meeting when this meeting starts I've got it where the recording will set up got it where the recording will set up got it where the recording will set up the transcription will set up and the the transcription will set up and the the transcription will set up and the facilitator agent will automatically facilitator agent will automatically facilitator agent will automatically turn on. You can do all that in advance, turn on. You can do all that in advance, turn on. You can do all that in advance, but you can even decide during a meeting but you can even decide during a meeting but you can even decide during a meeting that you want to use the facilitator that you want to use the facilitator that you want to use the facilitator agent if you want. So, it's not agent if you want. So, it's not agent if you want. So, it's not something you have to turn on in something you have to turn on in something you have to turn on in advance, but you can. And you see here, advance, but you can. And you see here, advance, but you can. And you see here, facilitator is on for this meeting. So, facilitator is on for this meeting. So, facilitator is on for this meeting. So, I've already got it scheduled to be on I've already got it scheduled to be on I've already got it scheduled to be on for this meeting. for this meeting. for this meeting. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Awesome. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Awesome. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Awesome. &gt;&gt; And you see this right and I can choose, &gt;&gt; And you see this right and I can choose, &gt;&gt; And you see this right and I can choose, of course, to turn it off. So, we have of course, to turn it off. So, we have of course, to turn it off. So, we have covered a lot of ground. I remember we covered a lot of ground. I remember we covered a lot of ground. I remember we started at the co-pilot homepage which started at the co-pilot homepage which started at the co-pilot homepage which looks deceptively simple but there was looks deceptively simple but there was looks deceptively simple but there was so much there. I really really enjoyed so much there. I really really enjoyed so much there. I really really enjoyed seeing co-pilot embedded within the seeing co-pilot embedded within the seeing co-pilot embedded within the tools that people use every single day. tools that people use every single day. tools that people use every single day. So we covered PowerPoint, we covered So we covered PowerPoint, we covered So we covered PowerPoint, we covered Microsoft Word, we covered Microsoft Microsoft Word, we covered Microsoft Microsoft Word, we covered Microsoft Excel which was awesome. Now Microsoft Excel which was awesome. Now Microsoft Excel which was awesome. Now Microsoft Outlook and even Microsoft Teams to help Outlook and even Microsoft Teams to help Outlook and even Microsoft Teams to help facilitate these meetings. Just to wrap facilitate these meetings. Just to wrap facilitate these meetings. Just to wrap up, what's your main piece of advice for up, what's your main piece of advice for up, what's your main piece of advice for somebody who's kind of just starting out somebody who's kind of just starting out somebody who's kind of just starting out learning how to use Copilot? What would learning how to use Copilot? What would learning how to use Copilot? What would you encourage them to keep top of mind you encourage them to keep top of mind you encourage them to keep top of mind in order to be successful? The biggest in order to be successful? The biggest in order to be successful? The biggest thing that I would encourage is that thing that I would encourage is that thing that I would encourage is that they live on this little interface right they live on this little interface right they live on this little interface right here because this is where so much of here because this is where so much of here because this is where so much of the action is right here. So yeah, the action is right here. So yeah, the action is right here. So yeah, inside the apps, I'm not going to say inside the apps, I'm not going to say inside the apps, I'm not going to say there aren't some great tools and you there aren't some great tools and you there aren't some great tools and you can get it to write your emails, but can get it to write your emails, but can get it to write your emails, but this is really your virtual assistant this is really your virtual assistant this is really your virtual assistant that's going to help you every day. So that's going to help you every day. So that's going to help you every day. So this is really what you want to zero in this is really what you want to zero in this is really what you want to zero in on every day. on every day. on every day. &gt;&gt; Mhm. So what I tell people is we're &gt;&gt; Mhm. So what I tell people is we're &gt;&gt; Mhm. So what I tell people is we're moving to a world where you want to have moving to a world where you want to have moving to a world where you want to have an AI first mindset. And what that means an AI first mindset. And what that means an AI first mindset. And what that means is you start off your day with AI and is you start off your day with AI and is you start off your day with AI and before you try to do it on your own, you before you try to do it on your own, you before you try to do it on your own, you say, can I do this in AI? So if you say, can I do this in AI? So if you say, can I do this in AI? So if you start off your day, hey, what can I do start off your day, hey, what can I do start off your day, hey, what can I do in AI, right? And if you start off your in AI, right? And if you start off your in AI, right? And if you start off your day here, I'm going to tell you're going day here, I'm going to tell you're going day here, I'm going to tell you're going to be a success. So this has been to be a success. So this has been to be a success. So this has been amazing. Thank you so much for your time amazing. Thank you so much for your time amazing. Thank you so much for your time and everything. I have personally and everything. I have personally and everything. I have personally learned a lot and it's really cool to learned a lot and it's really cool to learned a lot and it's really cool to see all the different things you can do see all the different things you can do see all the different things you can do with Copilot. I'm sure there's a lot of with Copilot. I'm sure there's a lot of with Copilot. I'm sure there's a lot of people out there who want to go the next people out there who want to go the next people out there who want to go the next step. Maybe it's people who just want step. Maybe it's people who just want step. Maybe it's people who just want the basics and to brush up on some of the basics and to brush up on some of the basics and to brush up on some of the things you covered. There's also the things you covered. There's also the things you covered. There's also people who want more intermediate, people who want more intermediate, people who want more intermediate, advanced, or maybe training for their advanced, or maybe training for their advanced, or maybe training for their team, right? So, what's the best way for team, right? So, what's the best way for team, right? So, what's the best way for folks to reach you? folks to reach you? folks to reach you? &gt;&gt; Well, the best way to reach me is on &gt;&gt; Well, the best way to reach me is on &gt;&gt; Well, the best way to reach me is on social media, either LinkedIn or Tik social media, either LinkedIn or Tik social media, either LinkedIn or Tik Tok. I've taught over 55,000 people, Tok. I've taught over 55,000 people, Tok. I've taught over 55,000 people, including social media, on how to use um including social media, on how to use um including social media, on how to use um Co-Pilot. So, it doesn't matter whether Co-Pilot. So, it doesn't matter whether Co-Pilot. So, it doesn't matter whether it's beginner, intermediate, or it's beginner, intermediate, or it's beginner, intermediate, or advanced. if they need help, just reach advanced. if they need help, just reach advanced. if they need help, just reach out to me on social media and I'll be out to me on social media and I'll be out to me on social media and I'll be sure to help them in some way that works sure to help them in some way that works sure to help them in some way that works for them. for them. for them. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Then we have will have all your &gt;&gt; Awesome. Then we have will have all your &gt;&gt; Awesome. Then we have will have all your links in the video description. Thank links in the video description. Thank links in the video description. Thank you again so much for your time. This you again so much for your time. This you again so much for your time. This has been amazing. Thank you for has been amazing. Thank you for has been amazing. Thank you for watching. watching. watching. &gt;&gt; Well, thank you.
