McKinsey is the world's best job, but a McKinsey is the world's best job, but a McKinsey is the world's best job, but a startup a startup something you're startup a startup something you're startup a startup something you're thinking about like when you wake up in thinking about like when you wake up in thinking about like when you wake up in the morning before you hit the shower. I the morning before you hit the shower. I the morning before you hit the shower. I had students [music] literally recreate had students [music] literally recreate had students [music] literally recreate the core of Salesforce in like a week the core of Salesforce in like a week the core of Salesforce in like a week and a half. and a half. and a half. &gt;&gt; I lost 35 million dollars. &gt;&gt; I lost 35 million dollars. &gt;&gt; I lost 35 million dollars. &gt;&gt; Elon Musk was your intern back then. &gt;&gt; Elon Musk was your intern back then. &gt;&gt; Elon Musk was your intern back then. This is Steve Blank, Stanford professor This is Steve Blank, Stanford professor This is Steve Blank, Stanford professor who [music] changed how Silicon Valley who [music] changed how Silicon Valley who [music] changed how Silicon Valley built company. Eight startups, the book built company. Eight startups, the book built company. Eight startups, the book that became the bible of the Lean that became the bible of the Lean that became the bible of the Lean Startup movement, a methodology taught Startup movement, a methodology taught Startup movement, a methodology taught in business schools around the world. It in business schools around the world. It in business schools around the world. It has been the operating system behind has been the operating system behind has been the operating system behind billions in value. billions in value. billions in value. &gt;&gt; And yes, Elon Musk was his intern once. &gt;&gt; And yes, Elon Musk was his intern once. &gt;&gt; And yes, Elon Musk was his intern once. [music] [music] [music] &gt;&gt; I first read his book Four Steps to the &gt;&gt; I first read his book Four Steps to the &gt;&gt; I first read his book Four Steps to the while building my first startup. It while building my first startup. It while building my first startup. It rewired how we thought about finding rewired how we thought about finding rewired how we thought about finding product market fit [music] and product market fit [music] and product market fit [music] and eventually generated millions in eventually generated millions in eventually generated millions in revenue. Today, we're at his ranch in revenue. Today, we're at his ranch in revenue. Today, we're at his ranch in California for an honest and deep view California for an honest and deep view California for an honest and deep view inside his mind. You learn why most inside his mind. You learn why most inside his mind. You learn why most startups fail, how the rules of startup startups fail, how the rules of startup startups fail, how the rules of startup building have changed in the age of AI, building have changed in the age of AI, building have changed in the age of AI, and why everything you think you know and why everything you think you know and why everything you think you know about building a startup might be wrong. about building a startup might be wrong. about building a startup might be wrong. This is a raw conversation, but if you This is a raw conversation, but if you This is a raw conversation, but if you want to upgrade your thinking [music] on want to upgrade your thinking [music] on want to upgrade your thinking [music] on how startups actually work, this is the how startups actually work, this is the how startups actually work, this is the conversation. Let's go. conversation. Let's go. conversation. Let's go. &gt;&gt; Yeah, good to go. Yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah, good to go. Yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah, good to go. Yes. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Steve, thank you so much for &gt;&gt; Awesome. Steve, thank you so much for &gt;&gt; Awesome. Steve, thank you so much for having us today. having us today. having us today. &gt;&gt; Thanks for coming all the way out here. &gt;&gt; Thanks for coming all the way out here. &gt;&gt; Thanks for coming all the way out here. It's been a beautiful drive from San It's been a beautiful drive from San It's been a beautiful drive from San Francisco down here. We haven't seen so Francisco down here. We haven't seen so Francisco down here. We haven't seen so much of the beautiful landscape here in much of the beautiful landscape here in much of the beautiful landscape here in California, so we're glad to be here. California, so we're glad to be here. California, so we're glad to be here. You know, it's a pretty special place. You know, it's a pretty special place. You know, it's a pretty special place. There's not a single stoplight in 45 There's not a single stoplight in 45 There's not a single stoplight in 45 miles between Half Moon Bay and Santa miles between Half Moon Bay and Santa miles between Half Moon Bay and Santa Cruz. Cruz. Cruz. &gt;&gt; When did you move here? &gt;&gt; When did you move here? &gt;&gt; When did you move here? &gt;&gt; Well, we bought it in the last internet &gt;&gt; Well, we bought it in the last internet &gt;&gt; Well, we bought it in the last internet bubble in the turn of the century, and bubble in the turn of the century, and bubble in the turn of the century, and then uh then uh then uh I guess we've been here 20 some odd I guess we've been here 20 some odd I guess we've been here 20 some odd years now. years now. years now. &gt;&gt; Incredible. It's a whole range of topics &gt;&gt; Incredible. It's a whole range of topics &gt;&gt; Incredible. It's a whole range of topics I'm so excited about. One um thing I I'm so excited about. One um thing I I'm so excited about. One um thing I want to share with you, when I was 14 want to share with you, when I was 14 want to share with you, when I was 14 years old, I got my hands on the PDF of years old, I got my hands on the PDF of years old, I got my hands on the PDF of The Four Steps to Epiphany. The Four Steps to Epiphany. The Four Steps to Epiphany. &gt;&gt; You're going to make me feel very old. &gt;&gt; You're going to make me feel very old. &gt;&gt; You're going to make me feel very old. &gt;&gt; No, no, no. &gt;&gt; No, no, no. &gt;&gt; No, no, no. &gt;&gt; I'm not only known as the father of this &gt;&gt; I'm not only known as the father of this &gt;&gt; I'm not only known as the father of this stuff, but the grandfather of this stuff, but the grandfather of this stuff, but the grandfather of this stuff. stuff. stuff. &gt;&gt; What I want to express is that back then &gt;&gt; What I want to express is that back then &gt;&gt; What I want to express is that back then it actually had a profound impact on how it actually had a profound impact on how it actually had a profound impact on how I was building things. I mean, I have a I was building things. I mean, I have a I was building things. I mean, I have a software background. Basically, when I software background. Basically, when I software background. Basically, when I was 12, just taught myself to code and was 12, just taught myself to code and was 12, just taught myself to code and &gt;&gt; Very cool. &gt;&gt; Very cool. &gt;&gt; Very cool. &gt;&gt; built robots, these sort of things, but &gt;&gt; built robots, these sort of things, but &gt;&gt; built robots, these sort of things, but the vocabulary and the words and the way the vocabulary and the words and the way the vocabulary and the words and the way to think about a startup in that sense to think about a startup in that sense to think about a startup in that sense was really groundbreaking to me. We'll was really groundbreaking to me. We'll was really groundbreaking to me. We'll talk about that more in a bit, but I talk about that more in a bit, but I talk about that more in a bit, but I want to now turn back time a bit. want to now turn back time a bit. want to now turn back time a bit. &gt;&gt; But but but, but I have to tell you, it &gt;&gt; But but but, but I have to tell you, it &gt;&gt; But but but, but I have to tell you, it took me 3 years to write the book and took me 3 years to write the book and took me 3 years to write the book and now it takes about 30 seconds to explain now it takes about 30 seconds to explain now it takes about 30 seconds to explain the entire process. the entire process. the entire process. &gt;&gt; the beauty. &gt;&gt; the beauty. &gt;&gt; the beauty. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it is the beauty, right? It's not &gt;&gt; Yeah, it is the beauty, right? It's not &gt;&gt; Yeah, it is the beauty, right? It's not that people weren't doing it. It There that people weren't doing it. It There that people weren't doing it. It There wasn't a language, as as you said, to wasn't a language, as as you said, to wasn't a language, as as you said, to describe what best practices were. describe what best practices were. describe what best practices were. Someone went to Michelangelo's studio in Someone went to Michelangelo's studio in Someone went to Michelangelo's studio in the 1500s and saw a 12-ft block of the 1500s and saw a 12-ft block of the 1500s and saw a 12-ft block of marble and they said, "Well, what is marble and they said, "Well, what is marble and they said, "Well, what is that?" He said, "It's the most beautiful that?" He said, "It's the most beautiful that?" He said, "It's the most beautiful statue in the world and it's a block of statue in the world and it's a block of statue in the world and it's a block of marble." And well, come back in 3 years. marble." And well, come back in 3 years. marble." And well, come back in 3 years. And came back in 3 years and there is And came back in 3 years and there is And came back in 3 years and there is there was a pieta and it was the most there was a pieta and it was the most there was a pieta and it was the most beautiful How'd you do that? I just beautiful How'd you do that? I just beautiful How'd you do that? I just removed the stone around. That's the removed the stone around. That's the removed the stone around. That's the Lean Startup, right? It was there. We Lean Startup, right? It was there. We Lean Startup, right? It was there. We just had to get all the confusing stuff just had to get all the confusing stuff just had to get all the confusing stuff away from it and explain it simply. So, away from it and explain it simply. So, away from it and explain it simply. So, you looked at it and went just like you, you looked at it and went just like you, you looked at it and went just like you, pretty obvious. Yeah? pretty obvious. Yeah? pretty obvious. Yeah? &gt;&gt; So, that's also simplicity is the &gt;&gt; So, that's also simplicity is the &gt;&gt; So, that's also simplicity is the ultimate form of sophistication and you ultimate form of sophistication and you ultimate form of sophistication and you know, different areas, even in know, different areas, even in know, different areas, even in engineering. I feel like you see with engineering. I feel like you see with engineering. I feel like you see with the rockets of SpaceX, for example. the rockets of SpaceX, for example. the rockets of SpaceX, for example. &gt;&gt; So, any idiot can make something &gt;&gt; So, any idiot can make something &gt;&gt; So, any idiot can make something complicated sound complicated. It's complicated sound complicated. It's complicated sound complicated. It's takes some art to make a complicated takes some art to make a complicated takes some art to make a complicated thing understandable, right? Not just thing understandable, right? Not just thing understandable, right? Not just your peers in technology, but like to your peers in technology, but like to your peers in technology, but like to your mother or grandmother. How do you your mother or grandmother. How do you your mother or grandmother. How do you explain some of the most complicated explain some of the most complicated explain some of the most complicated concepts? And that takes some thinking concepts? And that takes some thinking concepts? And that takes some thinking because you need to understand it and because you need to understand it and because you need to understand it and then get it to the its most basic then get it to the its most basic then get it to the its most basic elements. Sorry, what was your question? elements. Sorry, what was your question? elements. Sorry, what was your question? &gt;&gt; No, no, no. So, you obviously didn't &gt;&gt; No, no, no. So, you obviously didn't &gt;&gt; No, no, no. So, you obviously didn't wake up one morning when you were 19 wake up one morning when you were 19 wake up one morning when you were 19 years old saying, "Now, I'm going to years old saying, "Now, I'm going to years old saying, "Now, I'm going to write about the startup." I think it was write about the startup." I think it was write about the startup." I think it was a whole journey to your life also that a whole journey to your life also that a whole journey to your life also that led you to then one day express these led you to then one day express these led you to then one day express these things in simple terms. Let's take time things in simple terms. Let's take time things in simple terms. Let's take time back a bit, like how was life for you to back a bit, like how was life for you to back a bit, like how was life for you to grow up? How was your stumbling into the grow up? How was your stumbling into the grow up? How was your stumbling into the startup space? How did it feel like then startup space? How did it feel like then startup space? How did it feel like then if you're open to, you know, talk about if you're open to, you know, talk about if you're open to, you know, talk about your history? your history? your history? &gt;&gt; Well, this would be a very short walk if &gt;&gt; Well, this would be a very short walk if &gt;&gt; Well, this would be a very short walk if I wasn't open to talking about my my I wasn't open to talking about my my I wasn't open to talking about my my history. I grew up uh history. I grew up uh history. I grew up uh in New York City uh in New York City uh in New York City uh and my parents were uh immigrants to the and my parents were uh immigrants to the and my parents were uh immigrants to the United States. I wasn't a very good United States. I wasn't a very good United States. I wasn't a very good student. In fact, I just basically student. In fact, I just basically student. In fact, I just basically couldn't pay much attention because my couldn't pay much attention because my couldn't pay much attention because my home life was uh home life was uh home life was uh relatively dysfunctional. And in fact, relatively dysfunctional. And in fact, relatively dysfunctional. And in fact, what I found was that uh later on in my what I found was that uh later on in my what I found was that uh later on in my life, this ability to shut down life, this ability to shut down life, this ability to shut down everything except that necessary for everything except that necessary for everything except that necessary for survival actually turned out to be a survival actually turned out to be a survival actually turned out to be a pretty good attribute. You know, pretty good attribute. You know, pretty good attribute. You know, survivors of dysfunctional families are survivors of dysfunctional families are survivors of dysfunctional families are either drug addicts, institutionalized, either drug addicts, institutionalized, either drug addicts, institutionalized, or become entrepreneurs. And they're or become entrepreneurs. And they're or become entrepreneurs. And they're pretty successful at it because the pretty successful at it because the pretty successful at it because the early stages of a startup, as you know, early stages of a startup, as you know, early stages of a startup, as you know, and some of your viewers know, it's pure and some of your viewers know, it's pure and some of your viewers know, it's pure chaos, right? Uncertainty, you don't chaos, right? Uncertainty, you don't chaos, right? Uncertainty, you don't know what's going to happen from day to know what's going to happen from day to know what's going to happen from day to day. You know, dysfunctional families day. You know, dysfunctional families day. You know, dysfunctional families are the cruelest the cruelest but most are the cruelest the cruelest but most are the cruelest the cruelest but most effective training grounds for that kind effective training grounds for that kind effective training grounds for that kind of environment. Uh of environment. Uh of environment. Uh certainly being in a war zone and certainly being in a war zone and certainly being in a war zone and surviving is another example of being surviving is another example of being surviving is another example of being able to shut down things that are able to shut down things that are able to shut down things that are necessary for survival. I went to school necessary for survival. I went to school necessary for survival. I went to school in Michigan thinking I was going to be a in Michigan thinking I was going to be a in Michigan thinking I was going to be a pre-med and realized I couldn't focus, pre-med and realized I couldn't focus, pre-med and realized I couldn't focus, didn't want to be there. In fact, I didn't want to be there. In fact, I didn't want to be there. In fact, I still remember a girlfriend still remember a girlfriend still remember a girlfriend said, "You know, why are you here? Some said, "You know, why are you here? Some said, "You know, why are you here? Some of us actually of us actually of us actually worked hard to worked hard to worked hard to get here and want to stay here. Why get here and want to stay here. Why get here and want to stay here. Why don't you go do something you want to?" don't you go do something you want to?" don't you go do something you want to?" And then I realized, you know, the And then I realized, you know, the And then I realized, you know, the minute I left my parents' house, I minute I left my parents' house, I minute I left my parents' house, I that was actually the first day of my that was actually the first day of my that was actually the first day of my life rather than my parents' life. And life rather than my parents' life. And life rather than my parents' life. And so it was middle of winter in Michigan so it was middle of winter in Michigan so it was middle of winter in Michigan and got out my parka and stuck out my and got out my parka and stuck out my and got out my parka and stuck out my thumb and hitchhiked to Miami. Ended up thumb and hitchhiked to Miami. Ended up thumb and hitchhiked to Miami. Ended up finding a job loading racehorses onto finding a job loading racehorses onto finding a job loading racehorses onto cargo planes in Miami International cargo planes in Miami International cargo planes in Miami International Airport. And while most people fell in Airport. And while most people fell in Airport. And while most people fell in love with the pilots and wanted to fly, love with the pilots and wanted to fly, love with the pilots and wanted to fly, I actually was amazed by all the I actually was amazed by all the I actually was amazed by all the electronics on the plane. electronics on the plane. electronics on the plane. You know, radar, navigation equipment. You know, radar, navigation equipment. You know, radar, navigation equipment. And I used to And I used to And I used to take actually steal the manuals, take take actually steal the manuals, take take actually steal the manuals, take them home at night and read them. And them home at night and read them. And them home at night and read them. And one day asked one of the one day asked one of the one day asked one of the I guess in hindsight one of the I guess in hindsight one of the I guess in hindsight one of the technicians, you know, "How do you do technicians, you know, "How do you do technicians, you know, "How do you do this? How do you learn this?" And they this? How do you learn this?" And they this? How do you learn this?" And they said, "Well, kid, without a college said, "Well, kid, without a college said, "Well, kid, without a college degree, there's not a chance you're degree, there's not a chance you're degree, there's not a chance you're going to have a good job here. But you going to have a good job here. But you going to have a good job here. But you know, if you join the military, maybe know, if you join the military, maybe know, if you join the military, maybe you can learn some of this stuff." So I, you can learn some of this stuff." So I, you can learn some of this stuff." So I, you know, joined the Air Force in the you know, joined the Air Force in the you know, joined the Air Force in the middle of Vietnam. So it was a it was an middle of Vietnam. So it was a it was an middle of Vietnam. So it was a it was an interesting choice, but I ended up yet interesting choice, but I ended up yet interesting choice, but I ended up yet again in a which would be kind of a again in a which would be kind of a again in a which would be kind of a pattern for my life is in a place where pattern for my life is in a place where pattern for my life is in a place where chaos and things are changing day to day chaos and things are changing day to day chaos and things are changing day to day and whatever and the ability to kind of and whatever and the ability to kind of and whatever and the ability to kind of just see through that while other people just see through that while other people just see through that while other people again, you know, not everybody but most again, you know, not everybody but most again, you know, not everybody but most people didn't know how to deal with that people didn't know how to deal with that people didn't know how to deal with that environment and I just thought it was environment and I just thought it was environment and I just thought it was just like home. just like home. just like home. Um, and I kind of excelled at it and Um, and I kind of excelled at it and Um, and I kind of excelled at it and people noticed and that that people people noticed and that that people people noticed and that that people noticed thing turned out to be noticed thing turned out to be noticed thing turned out to be um, a pattern in my life is that I would um, a pattern in my life is that I would um, a pattern in my life is that I would volunteer for things or do things or volunteer for things or do things or volunteer for things or do things or other people would say, "Well, why would other people would say, "Well, why would other people would say, "Well, why would you do that?" In fact, going to you do that?" In fact, going to you do that?" In fact, going to to Southeast Asia during Vietnam, I to Southeast Asia during Vietnam, I to Southeast Asia during Vietnam, I remember my first air base was in just remember my first air base was in just remember my first air base was in just south of Miami, right? It was one of the south of Miami, right? It was one of the south of Miami, right? It was one of the nicest air bases in the country and nicest air bases in the country and nicest air bases in the country and people said, uh, people said, uh, people said, uh, "Gee, you're you're so lucky." But the "Gee, you're you're so lucky." But the "Gee, you're you're so lucky." But the first week I was there, someone walked first week I was there, someone walked first week I was there, someone walked into the our shop or electronic shop and into the our shop or electronic shop and into the our shop or electronic shop and said, "Any volunteers to go to a war said, "Any volunteers to go to a war said, "Any volunteers to go to a war zone?" And of course, everybody else who zone?" And of course, everybody else who zone?" And of course, everybody else who were in the military is not only don't were in the military is not only don't were in the military is not only don't you volunteer for any for anything, you you volunteer for any for anything, you you volunteer for any for anything, you take a step back when they ask. And I take a step back when they ask. And I take a step back when they ask. And I stepped forward. I said, "I'm going." stepped forward. I said, "I'm going." stepped forward. I said, "I'm going." Um, it turned out to be one of the Um, it turned out to be one of the Um, it turned out to be one of the smartest moves I ever made. And that smartest moves I ever made. And that smartest moves I ever made. And that pattern of volunteering for everything pattern of volunteering for everything pattern of volunteering for everything where where where um, sometimes you ended up with terrible um, sometimes you ended up with terrible um, sometimes you ended up with terrible jobs and peeling potatoes and cleaning jobs and peeling potatoes and cleaning jobs and peeling potatoes and cleaning toilets but sometimes you toilets but sometimes you toilets but sometimes you end up in amazing activities. So, it's end up in amazing activities. So, it's end up in amazing activities. So, it's just like when I got to this air base, I just like when I got to this air base, I just like when I got to this air base, I had a terrible job of and just going out had a terrible job of and just going out had a terrible job of and just going out to the flight line in 110掳 and working to the flight line in 110掳 and working to the flight line in 110掳 and working on airplanes and but I would go back in on airplanes and but I would go back in on airplanes and but I would go back in when my shift was over and help guys fix when my shift was over and help guys fix when my shift was over and help guys fix equipment. And someone noticed me, you equipment. And someone noticed me, you equipment. And someone noticed me, you know, "Well, this isn't even your job. know, "Well, this isn't even your job. know, "Well, this isn't even your job. What are you doing?" Well, I like fixing What are you doing?" Well, I like fixing What are you doing?" Well, I like fixing this stuff. I'm helping my friend. He this stuff. I'm helping my friend. He this stuff. I'm helping my friend. He said, "Well, here's a file. See if you said, "Well, here's a file. See if you said, "Well, here's a file. See if you can fix this." And about 8 hours later, can fix this." And about 8 hours later, can fix this." And about 8 hours later, the file was gone. And they said, "Well, the file was gone. And they said, "Well, the file was gone. And they said, "Well, you're no longer on the flight line. you're no longer on the flight line. you're no longer on the flight line. You're working in the shop." Does that You're working in the shop." Does that You're working in the shop." Does that make sense? That was kind of a pattern. make sense? That was kind of a pattern. make sense? That was kind of a pattern. And and in your life, you will tend to And and in your life, you will tend to And and in your life, you will tend to find find find people who notice you people who notice you people who notice you and if you're real lucky, decide to be a and if you're real lucky, decide to be a and if you're real lucky, decide to be a mentor or a coach. Actually, more of a mentor or a coach. Actually, more of a mentor or a coach. Actually, more of a mentor. And what you don't realize and I mentor. And what you don't realize and I mentor. And what you don't realize and I didn't for decades is that they they didn't for decades is that they they didn't for decades is that they they adopt you adopt you adopt you It's not like you raise your hand and It's not like you raise your hand and It's not like you raise your hand and say you want to be mentored, but they say you want to be mentored, but they say you want to be mentored, but they adopt you because they see something you adopt you because they see something you adopt you because they see something you don't and they're getting something from don't and they're getting something from don't and they're getting something from you. Actually, mentorship is a two-way you. Actually, mentorship is a two-way you. Actually, mentorship is a two-way street. What I didn't realize is I was street. What I didn't realize is I was street. What I didn't realize is I was coming up with crazy things, which as I coming up with crazy things, which as I coming up with crazy things, which as I was told later, 90% of them were insane, was told later, 90% of them were insane, was told later, 90% of them were insane, but 10 of them 10% were really something but 10 of them 10% were really something but 10 of them 10% were really something we've never seen before. And so, it's we've never seen before. And so, it's we've never seen before. And so, it's that kind of relationship that again, that kind of relationship that again, that kind of relationship that again, the beginning of my military career the beginning of my military career the beginning of my military career helped me understand both my ability to helped me understand both my ability to helped me understand both my ability to operate in chaotic situations and also operate in chaotic situations and also operate in chaotic situations and also notice patterns for the first time that notice patterns for the first time that notice patterns for the first time that were obvious to me, but not quite were obvious to me, but not quite were obvious to me, but not quite obvious to others. And and then the obvious to others. And and then the obvious to others. And and then the third thing I learned third thing I learned third thing I learned very early was I was pretty good at very early was I was pretty good at very early was I was pretty good at assimilating a lot of data and making assimilating a lot of data and making assimilating a lot of data and making patterns. That is seeing a lot of stuff, patterns. That is seeing a lot of stuff, patterns. That is seeing a lot of stuff, figuring it out, and going, "Boom, this figuring it out, and going, "Boom, this figuring it out, and going, "Boom, this is probably what we should do." is probably what we should do." is probably what we should do." And it wasn't smart, it was just the And it wasn't smart, it was just the And it wasn't smart, it was just the ability to see things and move quickly. ability to see things and move quickly. ability to see things and move quickly. Um Um Um and and have the initiative to take and and have the initiative to take and and have the initiative to take action. And I think that was the action. And I think that was the action. And I think that was the beginning of what I didn't realize was beginning of what I didn't realize was beginning of what I didn't realize was an entrepreneurial career. an entrepreneurial career. an entrepreneurial career. &gt;&gt; What role did courage play in that? I &gt;&gt; What role did courage play in that? I &gt;&gt; What role did courage play in that? I mean, if you're being asked kind of who mean, if you're being asked kind of who mean, if you're being asked kind of who wants to go into the war zone and the wants to go into the war zone and the wants to go into the war zone and the other ones to go in? other ones to go in? other ones to go in? &gt;&gt; You know, when you're young, you don't &gt;&gt; You know, when you're young, you don't &gt;&gt; You know, when you're young, you don't realize you're going to die. realize you're going to die. realize you're going to die. Um in fact, the the time I finally Um in fact, the the time I finally Um in fact, the the time I finally realized that we weren't in a video realized that we weren't in a video realized that we weren't in a video game, and this is almost before video game, and this is almost before video game, and this is almost before video games, was when a guy called out every games, was when a guy called out every games, was when a guy called out every once in a while to fix a wiring problem once in a while to fix a wiring problem once in a while to fix a wiring problem that they couldn't figure out cuz they that they couldn't figure out cuz they that they couldn't figure out cuz they they bring in a box and say it was bad, they bring in a box and say it was bad, they bring in a box and say it was bad, and we'd say it was good, and then we and we'd say it was good, and then we and we'd say it was good, and then we realized it must be wiring. So, I'd go realized it must be wiring. So, I'd go realized it must be wiring. So, I'd go out and help them troubleshoot the out and help them troubleshoot the out and help them troubleshoot the wiring. But, one day the I went out and wiring. But, one day the I went out and wiring. But, one day the I went out and the planes the planes the planes used to be stored in kind of what were used to be stored in kind of what were used to be stored in kind of what were called revetments, kind of called revetments, kind of called revetments, kind of armored shelters for for the planes. And armored shelters for for the planes. And armored shelters for for the planes. And every plane had a parking spot, but the every plane had a parking spot, but the every plane had a parking spot, but the one next to us, it was empty. And there one next to us, it was empty. And there one next to us, it was empty. And there were lots of people standing around. And were lots of people standing around. And were lots of people standing around. And guys are with me went over there guys are with me went over there guys are with me went over there thinking there was some party. It wasn't thinking there was some party. It wasn't thinking there was some party. It wasn't a party. a party. a party. It was a plane that didn't come back. It was a plane that didn't come back. It was a plane that didn't come back. And some guy said, "Oh, you should have And some guy said, "Oh, you should have And some guy said, "Oh, you should have been here in year X, you know, been here in year X, you know, been here in year X, you know, lots of planes didn't to back that day." lots of planes didn't to back that day." lots of planes didn't to back that day." And you know, during the Vietnam War, And you know, during the Vietnam War, And you know, during the Vietnam War, there were 9,000 helicopters and planes there were 9,000 helicopters and planes there were 9,000 helicopters and planes shot down. Just unimaginable today. And shot down. Just unimaginable today. And shot down. Just unimaginable today. And it happened to be the last plane and A-7 it happened to be the last plane and A-7 it happened to be the last plane and A-7 that was lost over I think Cambodia or that was lost over I think Cambodia or that was lost over I think Cambodia or Laos or something. But it was literally Laos or something. But it was literally Laos or something. But it was literally standing on that flight line at that standing on that flight line at that standing on that flight line at that minute. I still remember the smell of minute. I still remember the smell of minute. I still remember the smell of what was called JP-4 jet fuel and and what was called JP-4 jet fuel and and what was called JP-4 jet fuel and and looking at the revetment realizing I looking at the revetment realizing I looking at the revetment realizing I think I was 19 years old that people think I was 19 years old that people think I was 19 years old that people were trying to kill us and we were were trying to kill us and we were were trying to kill us and we were trying to kill them and this was a trying to kill them and this was a trying to kill them and this was a little different from what I thought I little different from what I thought I little different from what I thought I signed up for. And and really had a signed up for. And and really had a signed up for. And and really had a sense of awe about the pilots who got in sense of awe about the pilots who got in sense of awe about the pilots who got in those planes. And then realizing about those planes. And then realizing about those planes. And then realizing about 100 miles away, 55,000 Americans and 100 miles away, 55,000 Americans and 100 miles away, 55,000 Americans and hundreds of thousands of North and South hundreds of thousands of North and South hundreds of thousands of North and South Vietnamese, maybe millions died were Vietnamese, maybe millions died were Vietnamese, maybe millions died were dying in a war. So yeah, that was the dying in a war. So yeah, that was the dying in a war. So yeah, that was the time I realized it wasn't courage, it time I realized it wasn't courage, it time I realized it wasn't courage, it was stupidity. At first when you're was stupidity. At first when you're was stupidity. At first when you're young you think you're invulnerable young you think you're invulnerable young you think you're invulnerable invulnerable. invulnerable. invulnerable. But it did get me to do some But it did get me to do some But it did get me to do some pretty interesting things. And as I got pretty interesting things. And as I got pretty interesting things. And as I got older, I think some of the stupidity in older, I think some of the stupidity in older, I think some of the stupidity in terms of risk is gone away. But not the terms of risk is gone away. But not the terms of risk is gone away. But not the not the ability to kind of try new not the ability to kind of try new not the ability to kind of try new things, take initiative, move quickly, things, take initiative, move quickly, things, take initiative, move quickly, not be afraid to fail. And by the way, not be afraid to fail. And by the way, not be afraid to fail. And by the way, when people say failure is good, when people say failure is good, when people say failure is good, obviously I've never failed. Failure obviously I've never failed. Failure obviously I've never failed. Failure sucks. It is miserable. But the ability sucks. It is miserable. But the ability sucks. It is miserable. But the ability to get up and do it again. You know, to get up and do it again. You know, to get up and do it again. You know, people talk about resilience and people talk about resilience and people talk about resilience and tenacity. That's what it means. It's not tenacity. That's what it means. It's not tenacity. That's what it means. It's not like some poster on the wall. It's when like some poster on the wall. It's when like some poster on the wall. It's when you get smacked in the face or company you get smacked in the face or company you get smacked in the face or company goes out of business or or you know, goes out of business or or you know, goes out of business or or you know, like the whole thing melts down. Yeah, like the whole thing melts down. Yeah, like the whole thing melts down. Yeah, you're allowed to feel miserable and you're allowed to feel miserable and you're allowed to feel miserable and depressed and whatever. depressed and whatever. depressed and whatever. But you know, I still remember my But you know, I still remember my But you know, I still remember my next-to-last next-to-last next-to-last when it was went out of business I was when it was went out of business I was when it was went out of business I was having feeling sorry for myself, having having feeling sorry for myself, having having feeling sorry for myself, having coffee with a friend. coffee with a friend. coffee with a friend. And their first words were what's your And their first words were what's your And their first words were what's your next startup? next startup? next startup? And then I realized, you know, in an And then I realized, you know, in an And then I realized, you know, in an innovation cluster that is where innovation cluster that is where innovation cluster that is where risk capital, venture capital, angel risk capital, venture capital, angel risk capital, venture capital, angel capital, culture, capital, culture, capital, culture, entrepreneurs all intersect. The unique entrepreneurs all intersect. The unique entrepreneurs all intersect. The unique part is we get multiple shots at the part is we get multiple shots at the part is we get multiple shots at the goal. And that is failure is not a badge goal. And that is failure is not a badge goal. And that is failure is not a badge of shame. That doesn't occur all over of shame. That doesn't occur all over of shame. That doesn't occur all over the world, but you know you're in the the world, but you know you're in the the world, but you know you're in the right place, right time when innovators right place, right time when innovators right place, right time when innovators are not punished for oops, you know, are not punished for oops, you know, are not punished for oops, you know, this didn't work out. Pretty good this didn't work out. Pretty good this didn't work out. Pretty good hypothesis, wasn't stupid. You were hypothesis, wasn't stupid. You were hypothesis, wasn't stupid. You were either seeing over the horizon or either seeing over the horizon or either seeing over the horizon or hallucinating. And the funny thing is we hallucinating. And the funny thing is we hallucinating. And the funny thing is we now have enough data that that says 100% now have enough data that that says 100% now have enough data that that says 100% of great entrepreneurs think they're of great entrepreneurs think they're of great entrepreneurs think they're visionaries. And we now know 99% of them visionaries. And we now know 99% of them visionaries. And we now know 99% of them are truly hallucinating. But it's that are truly hallucinating. But it's that are truly hallucinating. But it's that 1% that not only push tech forward, but 1% that not only push tech forward, but 1% that not only push tech forward, but actually push the human race forward. actually push the human race forward. actually push the human race forward. Right? We take risks. We do things. We Right? We take risks. We do things. We Right? We take risks. We do things. We see things that other people don't. Um see things that other people don't. Um see things that other people don't. Um and you know, I did that for a couple and you know, I did that for a couple and you know, I did that for a couple decades in Silicon Valley. Couldn't decades in Silicon Valley. Couldn't decades in Silicon Valley. Couldn't couldn't believe I got paid to do this. couldn't believe I got paid to do this. couldn't believe I got paid to do this. Right? It's the most it's the world's Right? It's the most it's the world's Right? It's the most it's the world's worst job on the planet for anybody worst job on the planet for anybody worst job on the planet for anybody watching who hasn't been an watching who hasn't been an watching who hasn't been an entrepreneur. It's a terrible job, but entrepreneur. It's a terrible job, but entrepreneur. It's a terrible job, but it's the world's best calling. it's the world's best calling. it's the world's best calling. And the difference between a job and a And the difference between a job and a And the difference between a job and a calling calling calling is the difference is the difference is the difference between an accountant and an artist. between an accountant and an artist. between an accountant and an artist. Right? And if you're an artist, it's a Right? And if you're an artist, it's a Right? And if you're an artist, it's a calling. It's a passion. You just you calling. It's a passion. You just you calling. It's a passion. You just you know know know &gt;&gt; That's crazy. &gt;&gt; That's crazy. &gt;&gt; That's crazy. &gt;&gt; You must create. And most most songs are &gt;&gt; You must create. And most most songs are &gt;&gt; You must create. And most most songs are terrible. Most paintings are miserable, terrible. Most paintings are miserable, terrible. Most paintings are miserable, don't get sold. You know, most plays don't get sold. You know, most plays don't get sold. You know, most plays fail, whatever. But they don't do one fail, whatever. But they don't do one fail, whatever. But they don't do one play or one song or one sculpture or play or one song or one sculpture or play or one song or one sculpture or whatever. They go, all right, and we're whatever. They go, all right, and we're whatever. They go, all right, and we're off to the next. And And if you ask why, off to the next. And And if you ask why, off to the next. And And if you ask why, it's an irrational drive to for it's an irrational drive to for it's an irrational drive to for creation. creation. creation. That's what true founders are. I mean, That's what true founders are. I mean, That's what true founders are. I mean, there's now, given how much money is out there's now, given how much money is out there's now, given how much money is out out there for AI and whatever, there out there for AI and whatever, there out there for AI and whatever, there people who chase money or build startups people who chase money or build startups people who chase money or build startups to flip them. And then fine, that's to flip them. And then fine, that's to flip them. And then fine, that's another model. But the founders I'm another model. But the founders I'm another model. But the founders I'm talking about are the ones who are talking about are the ones who are talking about are the ones who are closest to artists than any other closest to artists than any other closest to artists than any other profession. And profession. And profession. And can you teach them? You know, that's can you teach them? You know, that's can you teach them? You know, that's pretty interesting. I you know, I do pretty interesting. I you know, I do pretty interesting. I you know, I do teach it. And the question is who can teach it. And the question is who can teach it. And the question is who can you teach, when can you teach them, etc. you teach, when can you teach them, etc. you teach, when can you teach them, etc. That's a longer conversation we could That's a longer conversation we could That's a longer conversation we could have. have. have. &gt;&gt; I have an incredible amount of &gt;&gt; I have an incredible amount of &gt;&gt; I have an incredible amount of directions in my mind that I want to directions in my mind that I want to directions in my mind that I want to take because so much of you said take because so much of you said take because so much of you said &gt;&gt; to exhale now. &gt;&gt; to exhale now. &gt;&gt; to exhale now. &gt;&gt; No, it's it's incredible. &gt;&gt; No, it's it's incredible. &gt;&gt; No, it's it's incredible. &gt;&gt; The first thing you said about risk &gt;&gt; The first thing you said about risk &gt;&gt; The first thing you said about risk &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I was always thinking personally when I &gt;&gt; I was always thinking personally when I &gt;&gt; I was always thinking personally when I did my first little startup when I was did my first little startup when I was did my first little startup when I was like 19 years old, like how bad can it like 19 years old, like how bad can it like 19 years old, like how bad can it be? be? be? You know, um it might not work out and You know, um it might not work out and You know, um it might not work out and for years my friends think I'm stupid, for years my friends think I'm stupid, for years my friends think I'm stupid, my parents don't really support it in my parents don't really support it in my parents don't really support it in whatever way, but ultimately I'm fine whatever way, but ultimately I'm fine whatever way, but ultimately I'm fine cuz it's not life or death. It's just a cuz it's not life or death. It's just a cuz it's not life or death. It's just a thing that didn't work that you tried, thing that didn't work that you tried, thing that didn't work that you tried, you know, you maybe got investors, but you know, you maybe got investors, but you know, you maybe got investors, but they believed in you, they know the they believed in you, they know the they believed in you, they know the risk. Like how bad is it really? Yet I risk. Like how bad is it really? Yet I risk. Like how bad is it really? Yet I feel like so many young people don't feel like so many young people don't feel like so many young people don't act, are a bit too afraid of the risk act, are a bit too afraid of the risk act, are a bit too afraid of the risk and I think it's more of a illusion of and I think it's more of a illusion of and I think it's more of a illusion of risk almost. Like what is risk really, risk almost. Like what is risk really, risk almost. Like what is risk really, you know? How do you think about that? you know? How do you think about that? you know? How do you think about that? How you observe young people who might How you observe young people who might How you observe young people who might be stuck in actually acting, making the be stuck in actually acting, making the be stuck in actually acting, making the jump? jump? jump? &gt;&gt; You know, I had an unfair advantage. I &gt;&gt; You know, I had an unfair advantage. I &gt;&gt; You know, I had an unfair advantage. I was telling you a bit about my first was telling you a bit about my first was telling you a bit about my first career in the military in a war zone and career in the military in a war zone and career in the military in a war zone and when I came to Silicon Valley, I still when I came to Silicon Valley, I still when I came to Silicon Valley, I still remember remember remember when I was thinking about doing my first when I was thinking about doing my first when I was thinking about doing my first startup, my roommate asking me, "Do you startup, my roommate asking me, "Do you startup, my roommate asking me, "Do you understand how risky a startup was?" And understand how risky a startup was?" And understand how risky a startup was?" And I had just come from a place where risk I had just come from a place where risk I had just come from a place where risk had a very different meaning. And I had a very different meaning. And I had a very different meaning. And I still remember saying, "I don't still remember saying, "I don't still remember saying, "I don't understand. Can you die in a startup?" understand. Can you die in a startup?" understand. Can you die in a startup?" And they looked at me like, "What are And they looked at me like, "What are And they looked at me like, "What are you talking about?" And I realized you talking about?" And I realized you talking about?" And I realized that my risk profile and theirs were that my risk profile and theirs were that my risk profile and theirs were completely different. And so the first completely different. And so the first completely different. And so the first question to ask as an entrepreneur, question to ask as an entrepreneur, question to ask as an entrepreneur, "Are you picking a profession you could "Are you picking a profession you could "Are you picking a profession you could die in if you fail?" And if the answer die in if you fail?" And if the answer die in if you fail?" And if the answer is no, well, is no, well, is no, well, "Are you in a profession you could go "Are you in a profession you could go "Are you in a profession you could go broke in?" Yes. "Are you still prepared broke in?" Yes. "Are you still prepared broke in?" Yes. "Are you still prepared to sleep from, you know, on your to sleep from, you know, on your to sleep from, you know, on your parents' couch?" Okay, yes. Then like parents' couch?" Okay, yes. Then like parents' couch?" Okay, yes. Then like what's left? "Are you going to starve to what's left? "Are you going to starve to what's left? "Are you going to starve to death?" No. Okay. So that's kind of the death?" No. Okay. So that's kind of the death?" No. Okay. So that's kind of the checklist. "Are you going to be checklist. "Are you going to be checklist. "Are you going to be embarrassed?" Yeah. "Are you going to Is embarrassed?" Yeah. "Are you going to Is embarrassed?" Yeah. "Are you going to Is being embarrassed going to stop you from being embarrassed going to stop you from being embarrassed going to stop you from if you fail?" if you fail?" if you fail?" Well, then you shouldn't do it. I mean, Well, then you shouldn't do it. I mean, Well, then you shouldn't do it. I mean, if you think about it, if you think about it, if you think about it, we can't divide a room and say, "Half we can't divide a room and say, "Half we can't divide a room and say, "Half the room are going to be artists, half the room are going to be artists, half the room are going to be artists, half the room are going to be accountants." the room are going to be accountants." the room are going to be accountants." There is a personality and a risk There is a personality and a risk There is a personality and a risk profile and a and a passion that divides profile and a and a passion that divides profile and a and a passion that divides the two. Um the two. Um the two. Um you know, I've kind of learned that the you know, I've kind of learned that the you know, I've kind of learned that the the last thing in the world we want to the last thing in the world we want to the last thing in the world we want to do is make entrepreneurship, you know, do is make entrepreneurship, you know, do is make entrepreneurship, you know, not an elective, but mandatory. not an elective, but mandatory. not an elective, but mandatory. It has to be something you come to, not It has to be something you come to, not It has to be something you come to, not something, you know, I convince you of. something, you know, I convince you of. something, you know, I convince you of. In fact, the best convincing is usually In fact, the best convincing is usually In fact, the best convincing is usually almost every year have a student who almost every year have a student who almost every year have a student who says, "Professor Blank, I need some help says, "Professor Blank, I need some help says, "Professor Blank, I need some help thinking about my career." Well, what's thinking about my career." Well, what's thinking about my career." Well, what's the what's the problem? "I got two great the what's the problem? "I got two great the what's the problem? "I got two great offers." Great, what are they? "I got an offers." Great, what are they? "I got an offers." Great, what are they? "I got an offer from McKinsey to offer from McKinsey to offer from McKinsey to join them." Wow, that's the world's best join them." Wow, that's the world's best join them." Wow, that's the world's best consulting firm before AI. Um, consulting firm before AI. Um, consulting firm before AI. Um, what's the other choice? "Oh, my what's the other choice? "Oh, my what's the other choice? "Oh, my roommates and I want to do a startup." I roommates and I want to do a startup." I roommates and I want to do a startup." I go, "Oh, well, that's okay. You already go, "Oh, well, that's okay. You already go, "Oh, well, that's okay. You already decided." "Well, what do you mean? I decided." "Well, what do you mean? I decided." "Well, what do you mean? I want to talk about the choices." No, want to talk about the choices." No, want to talk about the choices." No, McKinsey is the world's best job, but a McKinsey is the world's best job, but a McKinsey is the world's best job, but a startup a startup's something you're startup a startup's something you're startup a startup's something you're thinking about like when you wake up in thinking about like when you wake up in thinking about like when you wake up in the morning before you hit the shower. the morning before you hit the shower. the morning before you hit the shower. It's something you can't get out of your It's something you can't get out of your It's something you can't get out of your head. It's not something you and your head. It's not something you and your head. It's not something you and your roommates think might be another job. roommates think might be another job. roommates think might be another job. And so, part of this is understanding And so, part of this is understanding And so, part of this is understanding that, you know, and what I tell the that, you know, and what I tell the that, you know, and what I tell the students, by the way, go work for students, by the way, go work for students, by the way, go work for McKinsey and in a couple years you'll McKinsey and in a couple years you'll McKinsey and in a couple years you'll decide decide decide gee, this is the world's most miserable gee, this is the world's most miserable gee, this is the world's most miserable job or you want to make something like job or you want to make something like job or you want to make something like this your career. But but you can't this your career. But but you can't this your career. But but you can't assign people go do a start. Does that assign people go do a start. Does that assign people go do a start. Does that make sense? I'm trying to answer your make sense? I'm trying to answer your make sense? I'm trying to answer your question about You could explain it to question about You could explain it to question about You could explain it to them and you could give them the tools, them and you could give them the tools, them and you could give them the tools, which is what we teach. We don't teach which is what we teach. We don't teach which is what we teach. We don't teach how to be an entrepreneur, we teach how how to be an entrepreneur, we teach how how to be an entrepreneur, we teach how to operate. If I mean, the whole lean to operate. If I mean, the whole lean to operate. If I mean, the whole lean method is not here's how you become one. method is not here's how you become one. method is not here's how you become one. It's a it's how to put a bounding box It's a it's how to put a bounding box It's a it's how to put a bounding box around all the around all the around all the around all the possible risk things that around all the possible risk things that around all the possible risk things that you probably haven't thought of, but you probably haven't thought of, but you probably haven't thought of, but it's not like here's how to opt in. It's it's not like here's how to opt in. It's it's not like here's how to opt in. It's in fact more like here's how miserable in fact more like here's how miserable in fact more like here's how miserable it's going to be cuz it's going to be it's going to be cuz it's going to be it's going to be cuz it's going to be chaotic. And all we do is provide a tool chaotic. And all we do is provide a tool chaotic. And all we do is provide a tool set for entrepreneurs who have already set for entrepreneurs who have already set for entrepreneurs who have already done that. At least that's my take. done that. At least that's my take. done that. At least that's my take. And I've And I've And I've I've been thinking about this metaphor I've been thinking about this metaphor I've been thinking about this metaphor between founders and artists for a long between founders and artists for a long between founders and artists for a long time and I think it's pretty close. time and I think it's pretty close. time and I think it's pretty close. It's a creative profession. It's not It's a creative profession. It's not It's a creative profession. It's not accounting. accounting. accounting. &gt;&gt; What I what I love about that I'm I also &gt;&gt; What I what I love about that I'm I also &gt;&gt; What I what I love about that I'm I also produce music on the side for you. produce music on the side for you. produce music on the side for you. &gt;&gt; There you go. &gt;&gt; There you go. &gt;&gt; There you go. &gt;&gt; It's a thing and I read from Rainer &gt;&gt; It's a thing and I read from Rainer &gt;&gt; It's a thing and I read from Rainer Maria Rilke, letters to young poet. Maria Rilke, letters to young poet. Maria Rilke, letters to young poet. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Was one line, basically advice to young &gt;&gt; Was one line, basically advice to young &gt;&gt; Was one line, basically advice to young poet, write what you must write, you poet, write what you must write, you poet, write what you must write, you know, when the hour strikes late and you know, when the hour strikes late and you know, when the hour strikes late and you have this urge to create or put have this urge to create or put have this urge to create or put something out. That's a great indication something out. That's a great indication something out. That's a great indication that this might be the thing you're that this might be the thing you're that this might be the thing you're meant to do. meant to do. meant to do. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And today I also feel like a lot of &gt;&gt; And today I also feel like a lot of &gt;&gt; And today I also feel like a lot of young people sort of have mimetic young people sort of have mimetic young people sort of have mimetic desires. They see an entrepreneur on desires. They see an entrepreneur on desires. They see an entrepreneur on stage that looks incredible and looks stage that looks incredible and looks stage that looks incredible and looks exciting and they have status and money exciting and they have status and money exciting and they have status and money and whatever and whatever and whatever &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; that thing is and they copy that and &gt;&gt; that thing is and they copy that and &gt;&gt; that thing is and they copy that and assume like, hey, these side effects I assume like, hey, these side effects I assume like, hey, these side effects I want to replicate, but just replicating want to replicate, but just replicating want to replicate, but just replicating the strategies they follow. the strategies they follow. the strategies they follow. &gt;&gt; know what what that's called in English? &gt;&gt; know what what that's called in English? &gt;&gt; know what what that's called in English? It's the cargo cult. Have you ever heard It's the cargo cult. Have you ever heard It's the cargo cult. Have you ever heard of a cargo cult? Cargo cult was in World of a cargo cult? Cargo cult was in World of a cargo cult? Cargo cult was in World War II. War II. War II. US military went to these like islands US military went to these like islands US military went to these like islands in the Pacific with natives that had in the Pacific with natives that had in the Pacific with natives that had never seen planes or boats and and never seen planes or boats and and never seen planes or boats and and coming off these planes were these coming off these planes were these coming off these planes were these enormous amount of goods like like, you enormous amount of goods like like, you enormous amount of goods like like, you know, radios and and you know, food and know, radios and and you know, food and know, radios and and you know, food and all kinds of things. And then the war all kinds of things. And then the war all kinds of things. And then the war ended and the ended and the ended and the the Marines never came back. And so the the Marines never came back. And so the the Marines never came back. And so the the story goes, whether it's apocryphal the story goes, whether it's apocryphal the story goes, whether it's apocryphal or not, it still makes the point, is or not, it still makes the point, is or not, it still makes the point, is that they would the natives decided to that they would the natives decided to that they would the natives decided to create, you know, straw and and bamboo create, you know, straw and and bamboo create, you know, straw and and bamboo versions of cargo planes and prayed for versions of cargo planes and prayed for versions of cargo planes and prayed for for cargo to come out and they called for cargo to come out and they called for cargo to come out and they called that a cargo cult. That's the equivalent that a cargo cult. That's the equivalent that a cargo cult. That's the equivalent of what you just described. If I kind of of what you just described. If I kind of of what you just described. If I kind of build a a straw man, an emulation of build a a straw man, an emulation of build a a straw man, an emulation of like those kinds of behaviors, magic like those kinds of behaviors, magic like those kinds of behaviors, magic will happen rather than putting in the will happen rather than putting in the will happen rather than putting in the hard work and passion and having some hard work and passion and having some hard work and passion and having some vision of what you want to create. vision of what you want to create. vision of what you want to create. That's what's different here. That That's what's different here. That That's what's different here. That confuses a lot of young entrepreneurs confuses a lot of young entrepreneurs confuses a lot of young entrepreneurs about how much work there is and the and about how much work there is and the and about how much work there is and the and also the press doesn't do a good job of also the press doesn't do a good job of also the press doesn't do a good job of it either, right? You You hear about all it either, right? You You hear about all it either, right? You You hear about all the successes, no one wants to read the successes, no one wants to read the successes, no one wants to read about, you know, most of these things about, you know, most of these things about, you know, most of these things fail. fail. fail. &gt;&gt; Maybe even business schools sometimes to &gt;&gt; Maybe even business schools sometimes to &gt;&gt; Maybe even business schools sometimes to a degree. I have I studied business and a degree. I have I studied business and a degree. I have I studied business and a lot of my friends a lot of my friends a lot of my friends now did their first years in consulting now did their first years in consulting now did their first years in consulting and now they're like, oh, actually, and now they're like, oh, actually, and now they're like, oh, actually, yeah, I want to create my own thing, my yeah, I want to create my own thing, my yeah, I want to create my own thing, my own company, I want this autonomy, it's own company, I want this autonomy, it's own company, I want this autonomy, it's going to be so great. And I'm like, hmm, going to be so great. And I'm like, hmm, going to be so great. And I'm like, hmm, are you sure that's that's the great are you sure that's that's the great are you sure that's that's the great life you really think it is?" It's life you really think it is?" It's life you really think it is?" It's actually quite hard to build something actually quite hard to build something actually quite hard to build something from zero. from zero. from zero. &gt;&gt; Completely agree. &gt;&gt; Completely agree. &gt;&gt; Completely agree. &gt;&gt; You mentioned chaos and navigating &gt;&gt; You mentioned chaos and navigating &gt;&gt; You mentioned chaos and navigating chaos. chaos. chaos. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And also, I think a lot of young people &gt;&gt; And also, I think a lot of young people &gt;&gt; And also, I think a lot of young people today have at least a perception of today have at least a perception of today have at least a perception of chaos. Every day a new AI thing coming chaos. Every day a new AI thing coming chaos. Every day a new AI thing coming up. There is up. There is up. There is &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; infinite amounts of information and &gt;&gt; infinite amounts of information and &gt;&gt; infinite amounts of information and distractions coming to us through social distractions coming to us through social distractions coming to us through social media and different sources. media and different sources. media and different sources. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And they also feel in chaos, basically. &gt;&gt; And they also feel in chaos, basically. &gt;&gt; And they also feel in chaos, basically. Where is the world? There is no Maybe Where is the world? There is no Maybe Where is the world? There is no Maybe the conventional career paths are no the conventional career paths are no the conventional career paths are no longer working in the way they used to a longer working in the way they used to a longer working in the way they used to a decade ago or two decades ago. decade ago or two decades ago. decade ago or two decades ago. &gt;&gt; Certainly, your job of as a programmer &gt;&gt; Certainly, your job of as a programmer &gt;&gt; Certainly, your job of as a programmer has completely changed. has completely changed. has completely changed. &gt;&gt; How do you navigate chaos? &gt;&gt; How do you navigate chaos? &gt;&gt; How do you navigate chaos? &gt;&gt; Well, I embrace it. It's &gt;&gt; Well, I embrace it. It's &gt;&gt; Well, I embrace it. It's In this case, we're talking about In this case, we're talking about In this case, we're talking about disruption. You know, disruption in this disruption. You know, disruption in this disruption. You know, disruption in this case is the combination of the case is the combination of the case is the combination of the microprocessor revolution, the PC microprocessor revolution, the PC microprocessor revolution, the PC revolution, and the internet revolution revolution, and the internet revolution revolution, and the internet revolution all happening within 3 years. That's all happening within 3 years. That's all happening within 3 years. That's That's what this is the equivalent of. That's what this is the equivalent of. That's what this is the equivalent of. You know, you were either going to You know, you were either going to You know, you were either going to embrace it embrace it embrace it and figure out Take a shot about where and figure out Take a shot about where and figure out Take a shot about where it's going and and how you could play, it's going and and how you could play, it's going and and how you could play, or you need to stand back of it and go, or you need to stand back of it and go, or you need to stand back of it and go, "When do I wait till the, you know, the "When do I wait till the, you know, the "When do I wait till the, you know, the machinery stops for a while?" But, uh machinery stops for a while?" But, uh machinery stops for a while?" But, uh you know, AI is going to change and is you know, AI is going to change and is you know, AI is going to change and is changing uh changing uh changing uh you know, almost every business we're you know, almost every business we're you know, almost every business we're in. And in. And in. And in particular, if you're in hardware or in particular, if you're in hardware or in particular, if you're in hardware or software, software, software, you're not seeing the places where it you're not seeing the places where it you're not seeing the places where it actually is having major impact already, actually is having major impact already, actually is having major impact already, which is life science. We talk about the which is life science. We talk about the which is life science. We talk about the number of junior programmers no longer number of junior programmers no longer number of junior programmers no longer needed, etc. But, the real change is needed, etc. But, the real change is needed, etc. But, the real change is happening in protein engineering and happening in protein engineering and happening in protein engineering and drug design and and materials drug design and and materials drug design and and materials engineering and almost every other engineering and almost every other engineering and almost every other technical field. I call these parallel technical field. I call these parallel technical field. I call these parallel universes. If you read a Hacker News or universes. If you read a Hacker News or universes. If you read a Hacker News or hardware and software, you're not hardware and software, you're not hardware and software, you're not reading Nature or Science or whatever reading Nature or Science or whatever reading Nature or Science or whatever where where cell where all these other where where cell where all these other where where cell where all these other advances are being talked about. advances are being talked about. advances are being talked about. So, I think uh So, I think uh So, I think uh as I said, this is not just a technology as I said, this is not just a technology as I said, this is not just a technology shift. It's maybe as important as, you shift. It's maybe as important as, you shift. It's maybe as important as, you know, what in the steam engine in the know, what in the steam engine in the know, what in the steam engine in the industrial revolution because it's a industrial revolution because it's a industrial revolution because it's a it's affecting all fields. And when it's affecting all fields. And when it's affecting all fields. And when you're just reading about one narrow you're just reading about one narrow you're just reading about one narrow field, you're kind of feeling sorry for field, you're kind of feeling sorry for field, you're kind of feeling sorry for yourself. But it's kind of interesting yourself. But it's kind of interesting yourself. But it's kind of interesting to think about what's happened in the to think about what's happened in the to think about what's happened in the past. So, the pictures I like to show my past. So, the pictures I like to show my past. So, the pictures I like to show my students is in the 1930s, there was a students is in the 1930s, there was a students is in the 1930s, there was a insurance companies. People were paid insurance companies. People were paid insurance companies. People were paid off if you died or got off if you died or got off if you died or got got hurt had to calculate at what are got hurt had to calculate at what are got hurt had to calculate at what are called actuarial tables. That is risk called actuarial tables. That is risk called actuarial tables. That is risk factors. And they had roomfuls of factors. And they had roomfuls of factors. And they had roomfuls of literally this is a photo of a roomful literally this is a photo of a roomful literally this is a photo of a roomful of back then men in front of these of back then men in front of these of back then men in front of these adding machines calculating these adding machines calculating these adding machines calculating these tables. What does that room look like tables. What does that room look like tables. What does that room look like today? today? today? &gt;&gt; It's smaller. &gt;&gt; It's smaller. &gt;&gt; It's smaller. It doesn't exist. It doesn't exist. It doesn't exist. &gt;&gt; It doesn't exist. It's an Excel &gt;&gt; It doesn't exist. It's an Excel &gt;&gt; It doesn't exist. It's an Excel spreadsheet by one person. Or take spreadsheet by one person. Or take spreadsheet by one person. Or take something more modern. The floor of the something more modern. The floor of the something more modern. The floor of the New York Stock Exchange in 1985, what New York Stock Exchange in 1985, what New York Stock Exchange in 1985, what did that look like? did that look like? did that look like? &gt;&gt; Probably large rooms. &gt;&gt; Probably large rooms. &gt;&gt; Probably large rooms. &gt;&gt; Large rooms, thousands of people running &gt;&gt; Large rooms, thousands of people running &gt;&gt; Large rooms, thousands of people running around with around with around with manual yeah yelling I'll buy it at this manual yeah yelling I'll buy it at this manual yeah yelling I'll buy it at this and what's that room look like? It's an and what's that room look like? It's an and what's that room look like? It's an algorithm of automated trading, right? algorithm of automated trading, right? algorithm of automated trading, right? Those people are not did not end up on Those people are not did not end up on Those people are not did not end up on unemployment line. On the other hand, unemployment line. On the other hand, unemployment line. On the other hand, in Europe in the Middle Ages when we in Europe in the Middle Ages when we in Europe in the Middle Ages when we started automate for example weaving, started automate for example weaving, started automate for example weaving, right? We we created the Jacquard loom right? We we created the Jacquard loom right? We we created the Jacquard loom and and and and and and making cloth became a factory process making cloth became a factory process making cloth became a factory process rather than a craft. All of a sudden rather than a craft. All of a sudden rather than a craft. All of a sudden those home weavers, they were out of those home weavers, they were out of those home weavers, they were out of jobs. They either had to go work in the jobs. They either had to go work in the jobs. They either had to go work in the factories or became craft businesses. factories or became craft businesses. factories or became craft businesses. But so for the weavers, it was terrible. But so for the weavers, it was terrible. But so for the weavers, it was terrible. But for the rest of society, cloth and But for the rest of society, cloth and But for the rest of society, cloth and and fancy cloth embroidered pattern and fancy cloth embroidered pattern and fancy cloth embroidered pattern cloth etc. now became a commodity. So, cloth etc. now became a commodity. So, cloth etc. now became a commodity. So, we changed the nature of commerce while we changed the nature of commerce while we changed the nature of commerce while one segment of society actually one segment of society actually one segment of society actually suffered. Um and so sometimes you go suffered. Um and so sometimes you go suffered. Um and so sometimes you go through these radical transitions where through these radical transitions where through these radical transitions where it's great for the body as a whole, but it's great for the body as a whole, but it's great for the body as a whole, but actually incredibly painful for specific actually incredibly painful for specific actually incredibly painful for specific tasks. I think we might be closer to tasks. I think we might be closer to tasks. I think we might be closer to that. A good number of fields will that. A good number of fields will that. A good number of fields will actually, you know, grow and and create actually, you know, grow and and create actually, you know, grow and and create for for example when AlphaFold came out for for example when AlphaFold came out for for example when AlphaFold came out for for for which won the Nobel Prize to fold which won the Nobel Prize to fold which won the Nobel Prize to fold proteins, you know, we're now like four proteins, you know, we're now like four proteins, you know, we're now like four five generations past that. Protein five generations past that. Protein five generations past that. Protein engineers did not lose their jobs. They engineers did not lose their jobs. They engineers did not lose their jobs. They actually leveled up and they're now actually leveled up and they're now actually leveled up and they're now doing much more interesting things with doing much more interesting things with doing much more interesting things with trying to figure out trying to figure out trying to figure out how do you do drug development with how do you do drug development with how do you do drug development with these tools. But for software engineers, these tools. But for software engineers, these tools. But for software engineers, who would have thought that the last who would have thought that the last who would have thought that the last people would have gotten, if not people would have gotten, if not people would have gotten, if not obsoleted, they also either need to obsoleted, they also either need to obsoleted, they also either need to level up and they do need to level up or level up and they do need to level up or level up and they do need to level up or they're going to be out of jobs. Does they're going to be out of jobs. Does they're going to be out of jobs. Does that make sense? And so for example, for that make sense? And so for example, for that make sense? And so for example, for for lean startup, it's possible that for lean startup, it's possible that for lean startup, it's possible that product market fit now will morph into product market fit now will morph into product market fit now will morph into agent outcome fit. Whoa. You know, what agent outcome fit. Whoa. You know, what agent outcome fit. Whoa. You know, what does that mean? Well, it now means that does that mean? Well, it now means that does that mean? Well, it now means that G, using these tools, you could create G, using these tools, you could create G, using these tools, you could create digital twins, that is simulations of digital twins, that is simulations of digital twins, that is simulations of your products that you could put in your products that you could put in your products that you could put in hands of customers and actually do hands of customers and actually do hands of customers and actually do co-design rather than just showing them co-design rather than just showing them co-design rather than just showing them a feature at a time. So the nature of of a feature at a time. So the nature of of a feature at a time. So the nature of of how we build startups and how we think how we build startups and how we think how we build startups and how we think about it and we do software engineering, about it and we do software engineering, about it and we do software engineering, you know, all going to change literally you know, all going to change literally you know, all going to change literally in the next now, but I think we'll in the next now, but I think we'll in the next now, but I think we'll settle down hopefully in the next 5 settle down hopefully in the next 5 settle down hopefully in the next 5 years. years. years. &gt;&gt; A book I just connected this to what you &gt;&gt; A book I just connected this to what you &gt;&gt; A book I just connected this to what you had just shared is called the beginning had just shared is called the beginning had just shared is called the beginning of infinity. of infinity. of infinity. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Uh from David Deutsch, where where his &gt;&gt; Uh from David Deutsch, where where his &gt;&gt; Uh from David Deutsch, where where his knowledge is also an infinite pursuit. knowledge is also an infinite pursuit. knowledge is also an infinite pursuit. Yes. And it doesn't ever stop. So what Yes. And it doesn't ever stop. So what Yes. And it doesn't ever stop. So what I'm hearing is even though the world I'm hearing is even though the world I'm hearing is even though the world might seem like chaos, yes, there is a might seem like chaos, yes, there is a might seem like chaos, yes, there is a shift going on in what people are doing shift going on in what people are doing shift going on in what people are doing with their work life, work life shift, with their work life, work life shift, with their work life, work life shift, like what is done in a given job. You like what is done in a given job. You like what is done in a given job. You say just go ahead and do something, say just go ahead and do something, say just go ahead and do something, embrace it because action kind of embrace it because action kind of embrace it because action kind of creates information. So if I'm a young creates information. So if I'm a young creates information. So if I'm a young person right now, 18 years old, just go person right now, 18 years old, just go person right now, 18 years old, just go ahead, try a thing or like how would you ahead, try a thing or like how would you ahead, try a thing or like how would you break it down to really a practical break it down to really a practical break it down to really a practical heuristic even they could take. Like, heuristic even they could take. Like, heuristic even they could take. Like, you know, talk to to me. I'm 19 years you know, talk to to me. I'm 19 years you know, talk to to me. I'm 19 years old. I'm like, oh, so much chaos. Like old. I'm like, oh, so much chaos. Like old. I'm like, oh, so much chaos. Like what should I actually do now? This is what should I actually do now? This is what should I actually do now? This is &gt;&gt; The way I would break it down is yeah, &gt;&gt; The way I would break it down is yeah, &gt;&gt; The way I would break it down is yeah, it's not so much chaos, it's so much it's not so much chaos, it's so much it's not so much chaos, it's so much opportunity. So I'd be thinking about opportunity. So I'd be thinking about opportunity. So I'd be thinking about how did people do things 2 years ago? how did people do things 2 years ago? how did people do things 2 years ago? How are they going to do it 2 years from How are they going to do it 2 years from How are they going to do it 2 years from now using not only AI today, but G, now using not only AI today, but G, now using not only AI today, but G, what's the next five versions of open what's the next five versions of open what's the next five versions of open claw or wherever we're going to spawn claw or wherever we're going to spawn claw or wherever we're going to spawn agents that actually work, don't eat agents that actually work, don't eat agents that actually work, don't eat your files and whatever. What's that your files and whatever. What's that your files and whatever. What's that business going to look like for each business going to look like for each business going to look like for each segment that's traditionally doing X and segment that's traditionally doing X and segment that's traditionally doing X and Y? That's why I'd be looking at a 19 Y? That's why I'd be looking at a 19 Y? That's why I'd be looking at a 19 because you're not beholden to the because you're not beholden to the because you're not beholden to the status quo. Your head isn't frozen into status quo. Your head isn't frozen into status quo. Your head isn't frozen into this is how enterprise software works or this is how enterprise software works or this is how enterprise software works or this is how dating works or this is how this is how dating works or this is how this is how dating works or this is how people entertain themselves. No, I'd be people entertain themselves. No, I'd be people entertain themselves. No, I'd be saying, "Well, what do you think is saying, "Well, what do you think is saying, "Well, what do you think is possible? Go play with tools." And now, possible? Go play with tools." And now, possible? Go play with tools." And now, by the way, minimum viable products, by the way, minimum viable products, by the way, minimum viable products, which used to be a a test of your which used to be a a test of your which used to be a a test of your technical competence, technical competence, technical competence, an MVP is like a PowerPoint slide. an MVP is like a PowerPoint slide. an MVP is like a PowerPoint slide. Meaning, it's if you can't spin one up Meaning, it's if you can't spin one up Meaning, it's if you can't spin one up in an hour or two or at least a day or in an hour or two or at least a day or in an hour or two or at least a day or two, you shouldn't you shouldn't be two, you shouldn't you shouldn't be two, you shouldn't you shouldn't be calling yourself a technologist in this calling yourself a technologist in this calling yourself a technologist in this business. So, spin us some MVPs and business. So, spin us some MVPs and business. So, spin us some MVPs and start seeing I mean, start seeing I mean, start seeing I mean, the people who are watching this, the people who are watching this, the people who are watching this, they're the ones who are going to be they're the ones who are going to be they're the ones who are going to be creating the future. creating the future. creating the future. You know, Alan Kay line, "The future's You know, Alan Kay line, "The future's You know, Alan Kay line, "The future's already here. It's just not evenly already here. It's just not evenly already here. It's just not evenly distributed." It's It's going to be a distributed." It's It's going to be a distributed." It's It's going to be a 100X, right? They're going to be 100X, right? They're going to be 100X, right? They're going to be 19-year-olds doing things in in their 19-year-olds doing things in in their 19-year-olds doing things in in their basement in spare time that I had basement in spare time that I had basement in spare time that I had students literally recreate the core of students literally recreate the core of students literally recreate the core of Salesforce in the like a week and a Salesforce in the like a week and a Salesforce in the like a week and a half. You kind of go, "Whoa." And then half. You kind of go, "Whoa." And then half. You kind of go, "Whoa." And then now you think about well, all those old now you think about well, all those old now you think about well, all those old motes, that is barriers for competition, motes, that is barriers for competition, motes, that is barriers for competition, are going down. I wonder what are going are going down. I wonder what are going are going down. I wonder what are going to be the new motes. And what's going to to be the new motes. And what's going to to be the new motes. And what's going to be the the most important thing if it's be the the most important thing if it's be the the most important thing if it's not building MVPs, what's the most not building MVPs, what's the most not building MVPs, what's the most important thing for a 19-year-old to important thing for a 19-year-old to important thing for a 19-year-old to know how to build a startup? And and know how to build a startup? And and know how to build a startup? And and actually, we're discovering that now in actually, we're discovering that now in actually, we're discovering that now in our classes this semester at Stanford. I our classes this semester at Stanford. I our classes this semester at Stanford. I think the most important things are think the most important things are think the most important things are going to be going to be going to be not creating an MVP, but the not creating an MVP, but the not creating an MVP, but the understanding of the rest of the understanding of the rest of the understanding of the rest of the business model. And a business model is business model. And a business model is business model. And a business model is a fancy term for not just your product. a fancy term for not just your product. a fancy term for not just your product. How are you going to create demand? You How are you going to create demand? You How are you going to create demand? You know, how are you going to generate know, how are you going to generate know, how are you going to generate revenue? How are you going to What are revenue? How are you going to What are revenue? How are you going to What are the costs? What key activities, that is, the costs? What key activities, that is, the costs? What key activities, that is, are you going to need to afford a are you going to need to afford a are you going to need to afford a How many tokens per hour per day per How many tokens per hour per day per How many tokens per hour per day per user per whatever? Whoa, didn't even user per whatever? Whoa, didn't even user per whatever? Whoa, didn't even think of that. Gee, it works as a demo. think of that. Gee, it works as a demo. think of that. Gee, it works as a demo. How's this work at scale? You know, am I How's this work at scale? You know, am I How's this work at scale? You know, am I going to need my own own data centers to going to need my own own data centers to going to need my own own data centers to support this thing? You know, what are support this thing? You know, what are support this thing? You know, what are the resources I need besides money, the resources I need besides money, the resources I need besides money, tokens, et cetera? Is it great people? tokens, et cetera? Is it great people? tokens, et cetera? Is it great people? Is it If I'm making hardware, you know, Is it If I'm making hardware, you know, Is it If I'm making hardware, you know, I no longer get stuff from China or I no longer get stuff from China or I no longer get stuff from China or where's the stuff going to come from? where's the stuff going to come from? where's the stuff going to come from? What kind of domain expertise do I need What kind of domain expertise do I need What kind of domain expertise do I need to have or need to be in my company? to have or need to be in my company? to have or need to be in my company? That's what we call the business model. That's what we call the business model. That's what we call the business model. What are all the other pieces past your What are all the other pieces past your What are all the other pieces past your fancy demo that great people are fancy demo that great people are fancy demo that great people are grabbing stuff out of your hands or or grabbing stuff out of your hands or or grabbing stuff out of your hands or or maybe if you're lucky, but what what's a maybe if you're lucky, but what what's a maybe if you're lucky, but what what's a business? And I I try to impress on the business? And I I try to impress on the business? And I I try to impress on the 19-year-olds I now talk to, which used 19-year-olds I now talk to, which used 19-year-olds I now talk to, which used to confuse me for a decade, your product to confuse me for a decade, your product to confuse me for a decade, your product is not the company. Your product is part is not the company. Your product is part is not the company. Your product is part of the company. And unless you think of the company. And unless you think of the company. And unless you think through, it doesn't mean you have to be through, it doesn't mean you have to be through, it doesn't mean you have to be right, but you need to understand, "Oh, right, but you need to understand, "Oh, right, but you need to understand, "Oh, yeah, creating demand. Oh, is that an yeah, creating demand. Oh, is that an yeah, creating demand. Oh, is that an influencer? Is it Are we still doing, influencer? Is it Are we still doing, influencer? Is it Are we still doing, you know, search engine optimization? you know, search engine optimization? you know, search engine optimization? Oh, no, we need to do AI, you know, Oh, no, we need to do AI, you know, Oh, no, we need to do AI, you know, optimiz- How does that work? How do I optimiz- How does that work? How do I optimiz- How does that work? How do I get people not to get 10 or hundreds, get people not to get 10 or hundreds, get people not to get 10 or hundreds, but but how do I get thousands or but but how do I get thousands or but but how do I get thousands or millions, depending on what my business millions, depending on what my business millions, depending on what my business is?" is?" is?" &gt;&gt; It's a multivariable problem. It's not &gt;&gt; It's a multivariable problem. It's not &gt;&gt; It's a multivariable problem. It's not just the product. There's so many parts just the product. There's so many parts just the product. There's so many parts to it. to it. to it. &gt;&gt; And that's why the Lean Startup and the &gt;&gt; And that's why the Lean Startup and the &gt;&gt; And that's why the Lean Startup and the classes we teach are about this, not to classes we teach are about this, not to classes we teach are about this, not to give you the answer. Since I have some give you the answer. Since I have some give you the answer. Since I have some 19-year-olds, anybody reads the Lean 19-year-olds, anybody reads the Lean 19-year-olds, anybody reads the Lean Startup, it is not a giant focus group. Startup, it is not a giant focus group. Startup, it is not a giant focus group. And you cannot do a startup from a And you cannot do a startup from a And you cannot do a startup from a spreadsheet. The whole idea of why I spreadsheet. The whole idea of why I spreadsheet. The whole idea of why I built the customer development part was built the customer development part was built the customer development part was not so I could add up all the feature not so I could add up all the feature not so I could add up all the feature requests that people want. It was to requests that people want. It was to requests that people want. It was to inform my vision. And that was something inform my vision. And that was something inform my vision. And that was something that people miss. Is that if you don't that people miss. Is that if you don't that people miss. Is that if you don't have a vision of what problem you want have a vision of what problem you want have a vision of what problem you want to solve, who your customer is, don't to solve, who your customer is, don't to solve, who your customer is, don't get out of your building. You could get out of your building. You could get out of your building. You could play, but in the back of your head you play, but in the back of your head you play, but in the back of your head you kind of have a set of implicit kind of have a set of implicit kind of have a set of implicit assumptions about, "Well, I'm building assumptions about, "Well, I'm building assumptions about, "Well, I'm building this cuz I like it." Well, why do you this cuz I like it." Well, why do you this cuz I like it." Well, why do you like it? Well, my friends like it. Well, like it? Well, my friends like it. Well, like it? Well, my friends like it. Well, why do they like it? What What's why do they like it? What What's why do they like it? What What's entertaining? Or it solves a problem. entertaining? Or it solves a problem. entertaining? Or it solves a problem. Well, what problem? Great. Let's now Well, what problem? Great. Let's now Well, what problem? Great. Let's now validate other people have that. Well, I validate other people have that. Well, I validate other people have that. Well, I talked to five people. No, no, no. Find talked to five people. No, no, no. Find talked to five people. No, no, no. Find out whether hundreds or thousands of out whether hundreds or thousands of out whether hundreds or thousands of people want to do this. So, the first people want to do this. So, the first people want to do this. So, the first idea is how do I deconstruct all those idea is how do I deconstruct all those idea is how do I deconstruct all those kind of background assumptions I have, kind of background assumptions I have, kind of background assumptions I have, spit them out, and write them down, and spit them out, and write them down, and spit them out, and write them down, and go, "Oh, I need to test these things go, "Oh, I need to test these things go, "Oh, I need to test these things about whether they could scale." That's about whether they could scale." That's about whether they could scale." That's how I put a bounding box around some of how I put a bounding box around some of how I put a bounding box around some of this uncertainty, but it was to inform this uncertainty, but it was to inform this uncertainty, but it was to inform my vision, not the other way around. my vision, not the other way around. my vision, not the other way around. Not, "Let's go out and do a survey by Not, "Let's go out and do a survey by Not, "Let's go out and do a survey by just talking to a ton of people." Does just talking to a ton of people." Does just talking to a ton of people." Does that make And that's what people got that make And that's what people got that make And that's what people got wrong about customer development, at wrong about customer development, at wrong about customer development, at least the way I built it for me. It's least the way I built it for me. It's least the way I built it for me. It's like, how do I explain what I was trying like, how do I explain what I was trying like, how do I explain what I was trying to do? What I was trying to do is I have to do? What I was trying to do is I have to do? What I was trying to do is I have this vision. This is what I want to this vision. This is what I want to this vision. This is what I want to build. This time let me make sure I'm build. This time let me make sure I'm build. This time let me make sure I'm not hallucinating. not hallucinating. not hallucinating. &gt;&gt; So look at the inside. I just wanted to &gt;&gt; So look at the inside. I just wanted to &gt;&gt; So look at the inside. I just wanted to connect what you said to the artist side connect what you said to the artist side connect what you said to the artist side of things again. I read a book from Rick of things again. I read a book from Rick of things again. I read a book from Rick Rubin and I find it very true from the Rubin and I find it very true from the Rubin and I find it very true from the artist friends I have also in Berlin. artist friends I have also in Berlin. artist friends I have also in Berlin. Artists are making a piece of art Artists are making a piece of art Artists are making a piece of art primarily for themselves. primarily for themselves. primarily for themselves. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know it's genuine. It's an act of &gt;&gt; You know it's genuine. It's an act of &gt;&gt; You know it's genuine. It's an act of creation, maybe an expression of creation, maybe an expression of creation, maybe an expression of something beyond we understand or you something beyond we understand or you something beyond we understand or you know mental domain. But truly it's for know mental domain. But truly it's for know mental domain. But truly it's for themselves. It's not for the audience. themselves. It's not for the audience. themselves. It's not for the audience. The audience comes last. That's what The audience comes last. That's what The audience comes last. That's what people say. And you have artists who are people say. And you have artists who are people say. And you have artists who are sort of switching this up. They create sort of switching this up. They create sort of switching this up. They create it for the like for the economic outcome it for the like for the economic outcome it for the like for the economic outcome or for the fame, but these are or for the fame, but these are or for the fame, but these are short-lived. They come and go very short-lived. They come and go very short-lived. They come and go very quickly. But the true artist in the quickly. But the true artist in the quickly. But the true artist in the purest sense create for themselves. purest sense create for themselves. purest sense create for themselves. &gt;&gt; Those are you know there's a name for &gt;&gt; Those are you know there's a name for &gt;&gt; Those are you know there's a name for that. Starving artist. that. Starving artist. that. Starving artist. &gt;&gt; Well, not all of them though, right? &gt;&gt; Well, not all of them though, right? &gt;&gt; Well, not all of them though, right? &gt;&gt; No, but you think about it. Those who do &gt;&gt; No, but you think about it. Those who do &gt;&gt; No, but you think about it. Those who do concerts and make records and are over concerts and make records and are over concerts and make records and are over stream music, those are actually making stream music, those are actually making stream music, those are actually making it for an audience, right? So there's it for an audience, right? So there's it for an audience, right? So there's there are yes, there are purest artists, there are yes, there are purest artists, there are yes, there are purest artists, but there are also artists who but there are also artists who but there are also artists who understand there are listeners or there understand there are listeners or there understand there are listeners or there are viewers or there are you know people are viewers or there are you know people are viewers or there are you know people who write. Yes, you're doing it from who write. Yes, you're doing it from who write. Yes, you're doing it from passion, but you're also hoping that passion, but you're also hoping that passion, but you're also hoping that somebody buys your book. And so I I will somebody buys your book. And so I I will somebody buys your book. And so I I will slightly challenge that. Yes, the purest slightly challenge that. Yes, the purest slightly challenge that. Yes, the purest artist are the ones who [snorts] starve artist are the ones who [snorts] starve artist are the ones who [snorts] starve to death. Um the ones who actually to death. Um the ones who actually to death. Um the ones who actually understand that art is something to be understand that art is something to be understand that art is something to be shared because it's an act of creation shared because it's an act of creation shared because it's an act of creation that that engages people at scale. that that engages people at scale. that that engages people at scale. That's when art gets interesting. I'll That's when art gets interesting. I'll That's when art gets interesting. I'll contend that's when entrepreneurship contend that's when entrepreneurship contend that's when entrepreneurship gets interesting. gets interesting. gets interesting. &gt;&gt; I love that. Let's elaborate on that &gt;&gt; I love that. Let's elaborate on that &gt;&gt; I love that. Let's elaborate on that more because I would say in the creation more because I would say in the creation more because I would say in the creation itself of the music you write, the song. itself of the music you write, the song. itself of the music you write, the song. &gt;&gt; That's the passion. &gt;&gt; That's the passion. &gt;&gt; That's the passion. &gt;&gt; That's the passion. But then you need to &gt;&gt; That's the passion. But then you need to &gt;&gt; That's the passion. But then you need to take it to market. You need to find a take it to market. You need to find a take it to market. You need to find a way to then reach your fans. way to then reach your fans. way to then reach your fans. &gt;&gt; between a starving artist and one who &gt;&gt; between a starving artist and one who &gt;&gt; between a starving artist and one who goes oh it's like Van Gogh. You know he goes oh it's like Van Gogh. You know he goes oh it's like Van Gogh. You know he couldn't sell anything in his lifetime, couldn't sell anything in his lifetime, couldn't sell anything in his lifetime, right? right? right? &gt;&gt; But it starts with inspiration, with &gt;&gt; But it starts with inspiration, with &gt;&gt; But it starts with inspiration, with passion. Yeah, okay. passion. Yeah, okay. passion. Yeah, okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Let's talk about this more. Can we sit &gt;&gt; Let's talk about this more. Can we sit &gt;&gt; Let's talk about this more. Can we sit down somewhere inside? down somewhere inside? down somewhere inside? &gt;&gt; yeah. &gt;&gt; yeah. &gt;&gt; yeah. it's it's it's &gt;&gt; quite a way, beautiful walk. I I loved &gt;&gt; quite a way, beautiful walk. I I loved &gt;&gt; quite a way, beautiful walk. I I loved it. Have you guys enjoyed it? it. Have you guys enjoyed it? it. Have you guys enjoyed it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; We came from a beautiful walk with &gt;&gt; We came from a beautiful walk with &gt;&gt; We came from a beautiful walk with beautiful views here. And now you wanted beautiful views here. And now you wanted beautiful views here. And now you wanted to show us where the magic happens, to show us where the magic happens, to show us where the magic happens, where you write, where you think. Like where you write, where you think. Like where you write, where you think. Like how do your days typically look like how do your days typically look like how do your days typically look like these days? these days? these days? &gt;&gt; Well, I I make breakfast and I have some &gt;&gt; Well, I I make breakfast and I have some &gt;&gt; Well, I I make breakfast and I have some coffee. Coffee, which I haven't coffee. Coffee, which I haven't coffee. Coffee, which I haven't finished. Perfect. finished. Perfect. finished. Perfect. And then I And then I And then I look at the ocean. Go, yep, it's still look at the ocean. Go, yep, it's still look at the ocean. Go, yep, it's still there. It's not coming this way. That's there. It's not coming this way. That's there. It's not coming this way. That's fine. Then I sit in front of my computer fine. Then I sit in front of my computer fine. Then I sit in front of my computer and this is where I block. This is it. and this is where I block. This is it. and this is where I block. This is it. Steve Blank at work. Steve Blank at work. Steve Blank at work. &gt;&gt; Incredible. Inside look. &gt;&gt; Incredible. Inside look. &gt;&gt; Incredible. Inside look. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah. So [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah. So [laughter] and then I take usually hike for about and then I take usually hike for about and then I take usually hike for about an hour every day and an hour every day and an hour every day and Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. &gt;&gt; You write every day? Is it like a strict &gt;&gt; You write every day? Is it like a strict &gt;&gt; You write every day? Is it like a strict routine you have? routine you have? routine you have? &gt;&gt; No. No. &gt;&gt; No. No. &gt;&gt; No. No. You know, I've written two books, maybe You know, I've written two books, maybe You know, I've written two books, maybe three books, but uh three books, but uh three books, but uh I realize I'm horrible on deadlines. So I realize I'm horrible on deadlines. So I realize I'm horrible on deadlines. So I write when I get some ideas. And some I write when I get some ideas. And some I write when I get some ideas. And some of the ideas are mine, meaning, you of the ideas are mine, meaning, you of the ideas are mine, meaning, you know, I'll sit and read something and know, I'll sit and read something and know, I'll sit and read something and go, oh, no one's thought about this. Or go, oh, no one's thought about this. Or go, oh, no one's thought about this. Or gee, here's what I'm seeing, which I gee, here's what I'm seeing, which I gee, here's what I'm seeing, which I think are obvious. And put them when I think are obvious. And put them when I think are obvious. And put them when I write them I get, oh, what a great write them I get, oh, what a great write them I get, oh, what a great insight. insight. insight. Not really. [laughter] I don't I don't Not really. [laughter] I don't I don't Not really. [laughter] I don't I don't think anything I've done is brilliant. I think anything I've done is brilliant. I think anything I've done is brilliant. I think they were just as I said, think they were just as I said, think they were just as I said, sometimes it's just explaining things sometimes it's just explaining things sometimes it's just explaining things simply and sometimes it's just, you simply and sometimes it's just, you simply and sometimes it's just, you know, seeing taking away the stone and know, seeing taking away the stone and know, seeing taking away the stone and seeing the pattern underneath. You know, seeing the pattern underneath. You know, seeing the pattern underneath. You know, I I brains I have coffee almost every I I brains I have coffee almost every I I brains I have coffee almost every week with my friend Steve Weinstein and week with my friend Steve Weinstein and week with my friend Steve Weinstein and we just bat around ideas and and I'd say we just bat around ideas and and I'd say we just bat around ideas and and I'd say about half of our coffee is generated an about half of our coffee is generated an about half of our coffee is generated an idea that's I say, idea that's I say, idea that's I say, and and so it's it's useful to and and and and so it's it's useful to and and and and so it's it's useful to and and my wife is a my wife is a my wife is a also a great sounding board of tossing also a great sounding board of tossing also a great sounding board of tossing out ideas and then going, huh, yeah, I out ideas and then going, huh, yeah, I out ideas and then going, huh, yeah, I probably should write something about probably should write something about probably should write something about it. And usually the things I write are it. And usually the things I write are it. And usually the things I write are about 1,500 words or or so. And then about 1,500 words or or so. And then about 1,500 words or or so. And then you know, my career has gone from you know, my career has gone from you know, my career has gone from military to startups. I mean, startups military to startups. I mean, startups military to startups. I mean, startups I I I don't think I did the same company I I I don't think I did the same company I I I don't think I did the same company twice. That's not fair. I did two twice. That's not fair. I did two twice. That's not fair. I did two semiconductor companies and I want to semiconductor companies and I want to semiconductor companies and I want to tell you I know a little about chips, tell you I know a little about chips, tell you I know a little about chips, but not a chip expert. I did I did but not a chip expert. I did I did but not a chip expert. I did I did military intelligence as a startup. I military intelligence as a startup. I military intelligence as a startup. I did did did two semiconductor companies. I built two semiconductor companies. I built two semiconductor companies. I built this I helped build a supercomputer this I helped build a supercomputer this I helped build a supercomputer company, an enterprise software company, company, an enterprise software company, company, an enterprise software company, a video game company, the biggest a video game company, the biggest a video game company, the biggest failure I ever had. It left a crater so failure I ever had. It left a crater so failure I ever had. It left a crater so deep it has its own iridium layer. I In deep it has its own iridium layer. I In deep it has its own iridium layer. I In fact, on that one, I was on the cover of fact, on that one, I was on the cover of fact, on that one, I was on the cover of Wired magazine with the founding team, Wired magazine with the founding team, Wired magazine with the founding team, then 90 days later realized I was going then 90 days later realized I was going then 90 days later realized I was going out of business, and I had to call my out of business, and I had to call my out of business, and I had to call my mother. And English wasn't my mother's mother. And English wasn't my mother's mother. And English wasn't my mother's first language, and had to say, "Mom, I first language, and had to say, "Mom, I first language, and had to say, "Mom, I lost $35 million." And she had to always lost $35 million." And she had to always lost $35 million." And she had to always had to translate, you know, a little had to translate, you know, a little had to translate, you know, a little pause. She said, "35 million dollars? pause. She said, "35 million dollars? pause. She said, "35 million dollars? Where'd you put it?" And I said, "No, Where'd you put it?" And I said, "No, Where'd you put it?" And I said, "No, no, no, it's not like lost, it's like no, no, it's not like lost, it's like no, no, it's not like lost, it's like gone." And then she started talking in gone." And then she started talking in gone." And then she started talking in languages I didn't even know. She said, languages I didn't even know. She said, languages I didn't even know. She said, "The country we came from is already "The country we came from is already "The country we came from is already gone. We have nowhere to go, and we gone. We have nowhere to go, and we gone. We have nowhere to go, and we can't change our name, it's already can't change our name, it's already can't change our name, it's already blank." I said, "No, no, no, the reason blank." I said, "No, no, no, the reason blank." I said, "No, no, no, the reason I'm calling you is that people gave me I'm calling you is that people gave me I'm calling you is that people gave me that money gave me another $12 million that money gave me another $12 million that money gave me another $12 million to to do my next one." And she went, to to do my next one." And she went, to to do my next one." And she went, "Oh, they already always told me the "Oh, they already always told me the "Oh, they already always told me the streets were paved with gold in America. streets were paved with gold in America. streets were paved with gold in America. Now I believe them." And and and I tell Now I believe them." And and and I tell Now I believe them." And and and I tell the story uh the story uh the story uh And by the way, for those two next VCs, And by the way, for those two next VCs, And by the way, for those two next VCs, after that failure, this is back to you after that failure, this is back to you after that failure, this is back to you know you're in an innovation cluster. I know you're in an innovation cluster. I know you're in an innovation cluster. I returned a billion dollars each to those returned a billion dollars each to those returned a billion dollars each to those two investors who did the next one. two investors who did the next one. two investors who did the next one. That's not a Steve Blank story. That's That's not a Steve Blank story. That's That's not a Steve Blank story. That's an That's the point about an innovation an That's the point about an innovation an That's the point about an innovation cluster is that an honest failure isn't cluster is that an honest failure isn't cluster is that an honest failure isn't the end of your career. Maybe three or the end of your career. Maybe three or the end of your career. Maybe three or four in a row might be the end of your four in a row might be the end of your four in a row might be the end of your career, but we get multiple shots at the career, but we get multiple shots at the career, but we get multiple shots at the goal because they're not investing goal because they're not investing goal because they're not investing in some theory like a spreadsheet, in some theory like a spreadsheet, in some theory like a spreadsheet, they're investing in your passion and they're investing in your passion and they're investing in your passion and vision and ability to pull together a vision and ability to pull together a vision and ability to pull together a team, create a reality distortion field, team, create a reality distortion field, team, create a reality distortion field, and potentially build something at and potentially build something at and potentially build something at scale. I forgot what the question was. scale. I forgot what the question was. scale. I forgot what the question was. &gt;&gt; I love these little anecdotes also from &gt;&gt; I love these little anecdotes also from &gt;&gt; I love these little anecdotes also from your life. your life. your life. &gt;&gt; Well, the problem is is the older you &gt;&gt; Well, the problem is is the older you &gt;&gt; Well, the problem is is the older you get, the more stories you have. Some of get, the more stories you have. Some of get, the more stories you have. Some of them Some of them might even be relevant them Some of them might even be relevant them Some of them might even be relevant to your question. to your question. to your question. &gt;&gt; How did you feel um in the moment where &gt;&gt; How did you feel um in the moment where &gt;&gt; How did you feel um in the moment where the 35 million were gone? the 35 million were gone? the 35 million were gone? &gt;&gt; Miserable. So, I think I mentioned &gt;&gt; Miserable. So, I think I mentioned &gt;&gt; Miserable. So, I think I mentioned earlier, maybe I didn't, there were days earlier, maybe I didn't, there were days earlier, maybe I didn't, there were days I drove down Highway 101 goes through I drove down Highway 101 goes through I drove down Highway 101 goes through the center of Silicon Valley. Driving the center of Silicon Valley. Driving the center of Silicon Valley. Driving into work, there were days I would into work, there were days I would into work, there were days I would calculate how much I would pay to work calculate how much I would pay to work calculate how much I would pay to work there. I mean, literally, that's how there. I mean, literally, that's how there. I mean, literally, that's how much I couldn't believe. I remember much I couldn't believe. I remember much I couldn't believe. I remember actually what company it was. Here I actually what company it was. Here I actually what company it was. Here I was, I knew nothing about what was was, I knew nothing about what was was, I knew nothing about what was called the supercomputer, and 6 months called the supercomputer, and 6 months called the supercomputer, and 6 months later, here I was training sales people later, here I was training sales people later, here I was training sales people on the architecture of supercomputers. on the architecture of supercomputers. on the architecture of supercomputers. Where else would you get paid to Where else would you get paid to Where else would you get paid to actually learn all this stuff and then actually learn all this stuff and then actually learn all this stuff and then help build something. Um so, I was I was help build something. Um so, I was I was help build something. Um so, I was I was just amazed. So, to answer your just amazed. So, to answer your just amazed. So, to answer your question, so for 20 some odd years, I question, so for 20 some odd years, I question, so for 20 some odd years, I couldn't wait to get up and and go to couldn't wait to get up and and go to couldn't wait to get up and and go to work. Startup is crazy. It was raw raw work. Startup is crazy. It was raw raw work. Startup is crazy. It was raw raw raw raw raw. raw raw raw. raw raw raw. &gt;&gt; Exciting. &gt;&gt; Exciting. &gt;&gt; Exciting. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was it was right in my center. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was it was right in my center. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was it was right in my center. But, for the first time in my entire But, for the first time in my entire But, for the first time in my entire career, I started coming home at 4:00 career, I started coming home at 4:00 career, I started coming home at 4:00 p.m. and going to bed. And my wife said, p.m. and going to bed. And my wife said, p.m. and going to bed. And my wife said, "Do you know that's a sign of "Do you know that's a sign of "Do you know that's a sign of depression?" depression?" depression?" &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; This is when the company was going like &gt;&gt; This is when the company was going like &gt;&gt; This is when the company was going like this, this, the video game company. And this, this, the video game company. And this, this, the video game company. And uh and it didn't quite go out of uh and it didn't quite go out of uh and it didn't quite go out of business. I sold it to Sega for for business. I sold it to Sega for for business. I sold it to Sega for for parts and left, but eventually they they parts and left, but eventually they they parts and left, but eventually they they shut it down. But, it was a failure. Um shut it down. But, it was a failure. Um shut it down. But, it was a failure. Um and it was on it was on my watch. I was and it was on it was on my watch. I was and it was on it was on my watch. I was first time ever in my career, I was first time ever in my career, I was first time ever in my career, I was depressed for 3 weeks. And then, I think depressed for 3 weeks. And then, I think depressed for 3 weeks. And then, I think I told you that story story earlier. I I told you that story story earlier. I I told you that story story earlier. I was having coffee with a friend who was having coffee with a friend who was having coffee with a friend who said, "What's your next startup?" And said, "What's your next startup?" And said, "What's your next startup?" And then, I will literally remember that then, I will literally remember that then, I will literally remember that moment. Oh, yeah. Yeah, it's and that's moment. Oh, yeah. Yeah, it's and that's moment. Oh, yeah. Yeah, it's and that's when I raised the money to do the next when I raised the money to do the next when I raised the money to do the next one. Failure doesn't feel good. People one. Failure doesn't feel good. People one. Failure doesn't feel good. People go, you know, "Oh, lean startup is about go, you know, "Oh, lean startup is about go, you know, "Oh, lean startup is about failure." No, it's not. It's how to failure." No, it's not. It's how to failure." No, it's not. It's how to reduce failure, but and and failure is reduce failure, but and and failure is reduce failure, but and and failure is great. No, failure sucks. If you people great. No, failure sucks. If you people great. No, failure sucks. If you people describing failure as good obviously describing failure as good obviously describing failure as good obviously haven't had a crater with their name on haven't had a crater with their name on haven't had a crater with their name on it. There's difference between being an it. There's difference between being an it. There's difference between being an employee of a company that failed versus employee of a company that failed versus employee of a company that failed versus the CEO who was responsible for that the CEO who was responsible for that the CEO who was responsible for that failure. The successes were great, but failure. The successes were great, but failure. The successes were great, but actually the lean startup came out of actually the lean startup came out of actually the lean startup came out of that failure. The failure was um that failure. The failure was um that failure. The failure was um in fact, in that company, the biggest in fact, in that company, the biggest in fact, in that company, the biggest The for failure was hubris. It's a Greek The for failure was hubris. It's a Greek The for failure was hubris. It's a Greek has has has roots in a Greek word which basically roots in a Greek word which basically roots in a Greek word which basically says you believe your own [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] We says you believe your own [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] We says you believe your own [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] We you know, I would say but I raised lots you know, I would say but I raised lots you know, I would say but I raised lots of money, great press. We were going to of money, great press. We were going to of money, great press. We were going to Hollywood meet Silicon Valley. Um Hollywood meet Silicon Valley. Um Hollywood meet Silicon Valley. Um but we made shitty games. But the press but we made shitty games. But the press but we made shitty games. But the press said we were geniuses. Um and you know, said we were geniuses. Um and you know, said we were geniuses. Um and you know, I was generating the press. And so if I was generating the press. And so if I was generating the press. And so if you believe your own stuff and I I had you believe your own stuff and I I had you believe your own stuff and I I had learned all the lessons about getting learned all the lessons about getting learned all the lessons about getting out of the building but but in this out of the building but but in this out of the building but but in this company I completely forgot them and company I completely forgot them and company I completely forgot them and just believed that we could do no wrong. just believed that we could do no wrong. just believed that we could do no wrong. And people were actually building real And people were actually building real And people were actually building real video games raising a fraction of the video games raising a fraction of the video games raising a fraction of the money were pissed. They were saying, money were pissed. They were saying, money were pissed. They were saying, "How do these guys do all this stuff?" "How do these guys do all this stuff?" "How do these guys do all this stuff?" And the answer was we had a reality And the answer was we had a reality And the answer was we had a reality distortion field but we didn't have any distortion field but we didn't have any distortion field but we didn't have any products that were worth products that were worth products that were worth warm spit. And and here's what's warm spit. And and here's what's warm spit. And and here's what's interesting is I kind of went through interesting is I kind of went through interesting is I kind of went through the 12 12 stages of grief. And I was the 12 12 stages of grief. And I was the 12 12 stages of grief. And I was telling you that the lean came from this telling you that the lean came from this telling you that the lean came from this failure. First I was depressed, then I failure. First I was depressed, then I failure. First I was depressed, then I was angry, then I blamed my co-founders. was angry, then I blamed my co-founders. was angry, then I blamed my co-founders. Gee, they they were responsible for game Gee, they they were responsible for game Gee, they they were responsible for game development. They should have known. development. They should have known. development. They should have known. Then then I like, you know, looked at my Then then I like, you know, looked at my Then then I like, you know, looked at my business card again with the ones I business card again with the ones I business card again with the ones I didn't burn. And it said CEO. Well, I didn't burn. And it said CEO. Well, I didn't burn. And it said CEO. Well, I don't care what who else I was don't care what who else I was don't care what who else I was responsible. And and I should have been responsible. And and I should have been responsible. And and I should have been paying attention. So I took some paying attention. So I took some paying attention. So I took some ownership. But the really interesting ownership. But the really interesting ownership. But the really interesting And most people stop there. If you get And most people stop there. If you get And most people stop there. If you get to that, then that's great. But I to that, then that's great. But I to that, then that's great. But I started and this is how lean came about. started and this is how lean came about. started and this is how lean came about. I started thinking about lessons I started thinking about lessons I started thinking about lessons learned. Not just gee, I owned it, but learned. Not just gee, I owned it, but learned. Not just gee, I owned it, but what is it that I used to do that I what is it that I used to do that I what is it that I used to do that I forgot that I should have been doing forgot that I should have been doing forgot that I should have been doing again? And that was all about getting again? And that was all about getting again? And that was all about getting out of the building, informing vision, out of the building, informing vision, out of the building, informing vision, listening rather than hubris, etc. And a listening rather than hubris, etc. And a listening rather than hubris, etc. And a good chunk of lean came from that. The good chunk of lean came from that. The good chunk of lean came from that. The other part of lean came from after my other part of lean came from after my other part of lean came from after my last company last company last company called Epiphany in the turn of the called Epiphany in the turn of the called Epiphany in the turn of the century which was the first I think century which was the first I think century which was the first I think enterprise software company on the enterprise software company on the enterprise software company on the internet using the browser as a as a internet using the browser as a as a internet using the browser as a as a front end rather than what was called front end rather than what was called front end rather than what was called called at the time client server. I called at the time client server. I called at the time client server. I decided to retire because decided to retire because decided to retire because we went public at an $8 billion market we went public at an $8 billion market we went public at an $8 billion market cap which back then actually meant cap which back then actually meant cap which back then actually meant something rather than today that's a something rather than today that's a something rather than today that's a rounding error. Just amazing today. rounding error. Just amazing today. rounding error. Just amazing today. Another three digits in in valuations. Another three digits in in valuations. Another three digits in in valuations. But I decided But I decided But I decided what the world needed was my memoirs of what the world needed was my memoirs of what the world needed was my memoirs of my career. So I'm off skiing or my kids my career. So I'm off skiing or my kids my career. So I'm off skiing or my kids are off skiing with my wife. I'm sitting are off skiing with my wife. I'm sitting are off skiing with my wife. I'm sitting in a in a condo in up in Lake Tahoe and in a in a condo in up in Lake Tahoe and in a in a condo in up in Lake Tahoe and I start writing. And every I start writing. And every I start writing. And every how I did it was I wrote stories and how I did it was I wrote stories and how I did it was I wrote stories and then lessons learned then lessons learned then lessons learned about each thing I learned. And I still about each thing I learned. And I still about each thing I learned. And I still have the document. I got to page 80 and have the document. I got to page 80 and have the document. I got to page 80 and I realized that while this was a been a I realized that while this was a been a I realized that while this was a been a catharsis that is a great way to kind of catharsis that is a great way to kind of catharsis that is a great way to kind of exhale after 20-some-odd years, that exhale after 20-some-odd years, that exhale after 20-some-odd years, that there was a pattern I had never noticed. there was a pattern I had never noticed. there was a pattern I had never noticed. And no one else ever noticed. Is that And no one else ever noticed. Is that And no one else ever noticed. Is that again, turn of the century VCs were again, turn of the century VCs were again, turn of the century VCs were still saying to startups you were still saying to startups you were still saying to startups you were smaller version of large companies. Do smaller version of large companies. Do smaller version of large companies. Do everything a large company does. Hire everything a large company does. Hire everything a large company does. Hire sales, marketing, biz dev, build a sales, marketing, biz dev, build a sales, marketing, biz dev, build a product serially with waterfall product serially with waterfall product serially with waterfall engineering, ship the product, then you engineering, ship the product, then you engineering, ship the product, then you find out. There was no notion of a find out. There was no notion of a find out. There was no notion of a pivot. How you pivoted? You fired an pivot. How you pivoted? You fired an pivot. How you pivoted? You fired an executive. New executive would come in executive. New executive would come in executive. New executive would come in and go, "Well, that was a stupid idea. and go, "Well, that was a stupid idea. and go, "Well, that was a stupid idea. Here, let's do something different." But Here, let's do something different." But Here, let's do something different." But we never had the word, we never even we never had the word, we never even we never had the word, we never even gave the founders the permission to gave the founders the permission to gave the founders the permission to change. And I realized this as I was change. And I realized this as I was change. And I realized this as I was writing this that writing this that writing this that it was all wrong. That the common wisdom it was all wrong. That the common wisdom it was all wrong. That the common wisdom was just it didn't make sense. That the was just it didn't make sense. That the was just it didn't make sense. That the best startups actually ignored best startups actually ignored best startups actually ignored investors' advice. Investors weren't investors' advice. Investors weren't investors' advice. Investors weren't being stupid, but most of them came out being stupid, but most of them came out being stupid, but most of them came out of business schools where they were of business schools where they were of business schools where they were learning case studies and they were learning case studies and they were learning case studies and they were learning how do the large companies learning how do the large companies learning how do the large companies grow? But but no one ever articulated grow? But but no one ever articulated grow? But but no one ever articulated large companies execute what we call large companies execute what we call large companies execute what we call known business models, but startups known business models, but startups known business models, but startups search for them. And this distinction search for them. And this distinction search for them. And this distinction between search and execution had never between search and execution had never between search and execution had never been articulated. No one ever said, been articulated. No one ever said, been articulated. No one ever said, "Startups are not smaller versions of "Startups are not smaller versions of "Startups are not smaller versions of large companies." And so I said, "Well, large companies." And so I said, "Well, large companies." And so I said, "Well, wait a minute. We've built a hundred wait a minute. We've built a hundred wait a minute. We've built a hundred years of management tools and MBA tools years of management tools and MBA tools years of management tools and MBA tools for execution. Organizational design and for execution. Organizational design and for execution. Organizational design and how you hire and how do you manage how you hire and how do you manage how you hire and how do you manage products and whatever." But there was products and whatever." But there was products and whatever." But there was not even not even not even no tools for startups. There was even no no tools for startups. There was even no no tools for startups. There was even no language that differentiated the two. language that differentiated the two. language that differentiated the two. And I consciously made an effort that And I consciously made an effort that And I consciously made an effort that said, "No, no, no. We're going to build said, "No, no, no. We're going to build said, "No, no, no. We're going to build a management stack equivalent to the a management stack equivalent to the a management stack equivalent to the ones for execution that you learned at ones for execution that you learned at ones for execution that you learned at Harvard, Stanford, and whatever for Harvard, Stanford, and whatever for Harvard, Stanford, and whatever for startups. And that was so heretical at startups. And that was so heretical at startups. And that was so heretical at the time. I mean, I can't tell you as I the time. I mean, I can't tell you as I the time. I mean, I can't tell you as I people just laughed. Steve, we've been people just laughed. Steve, we've been people just laughed. Steve, we've been doing this for 25 years. All the VCs doing this for 25 years. All the VCs doing this for 25 years. All the VCs patted me on the head and said we've patted me on the head and said we've patted me on the head and said we've been making money, what do we care? And been making money, what do we care? And been making money, what do we care? And and I tried to tell them they've been and I tried to tell them they've been and I tried to tell them they've been making money on people who ignore their making money on people who ignore their making money on people who ignore their advice. advice. advice. Well, I said and they kind of knew, you Well, I said and they kind of knew, you Well, I said and they kind of knew, you know, the the thing we say clearly now know, the the thing we say clearly now know, the the thing we say clearly now now is no business plan survives first now is no business plan survives first now is no business plan survives first contact with customers. They were able contact with customers. They were able contact with customers. They were able to say that in about to say that in about to say that in about 5 minutes. But the point was they would 5 minutes. But the point was they would 5 minutes. But the point was they would take a plan and then like put it in the take a plan and then like put it in the take a plan and then like put it in the startups would put it in the shelf after startups would put it in the shelf after startups would put it in the shelf after they got funded. But they didn't quite they got funded. But they didn't quite they got funded. But they didn't quite understand what should replace it. understand what should replace it. understand what should replace it. Because again, it's very different Because again, it's very different Because again, it's very different today. Most VCs never founded a company. today. Most VCs never founded a company. today. Most VCs never founded a company. A few of them, you know, had been some A few of them, you know, had been some A few of them, you know, had been some level of operating execs maybe inside of level of operating execs maybe inside of level of operating execs maybe inside of a startup, but none of them had ever a startup, but none of them had ever a startup, but none of them had ever founded a company. I can't think of any founded a company. I can't think of any founded a company. I can't think of any of them at the turn of the century or a of them at the turn of the century or a of them at the turn of the century or a little before. And so there was no little before. And so there was no little before. And so there was no operating experience about this operating experience about this operating experience about this distinction. And so I decided I was distinction. And so I decided I was distinction. And so I decided I was retired. I didn't care what people retired. I didn't care what people retired. I didn't care what people thought. It's another characteristic of thought. It's another characteristic of thought. It's another characteristic of a founder, right? If you think about the a founder, right? If you think about the a founder, right? If you think about the lean startup as as another startup. So I lean startup as as another startup. So I lean startup as as another startup. So I got to practice got to practice got to practice this I wrote this book Four Steps to the this I wrote this book Four Steps to the this I wrote this book Four Steps to the Epiphany and got to practice with a Epiphany and got to practice with a Epiphany and got to practice with a young entrepreneur I'd funded in a young entrepreneur I'd funded in a young entrepreneur I'd funded in a previous company was now doing a kind of previous company was now doing a kind of previous company was now doing a kind of a virtual world company, Eric Ries was a virtual world company, Eric Ries was a virtual world company, Eric Ries was the co-founder with Will Harvey of IMVU the co-founder with Will Harvey of IMVU the co-founder with Will Harvey of IMVU and Eric became the first practitioner and Eric became the first practitioner and Eric became the first practitioner of customer development. And Eric's of customer development. And Eric's of customer development. And Eric's insight was Steve, you know, you're insight was Steve, you know, you're insight was Steve, you know, you're talking about customer development, but talking about customer development, but talking about customer development, but you know, the engineering part, people you know, the engineering part, people you know, the engineering part, people don't use waterfall anymore. They're don't use waterfall anymore. They're don't use waterfall anymore. They're using agile engineering. And agile using agile engineering. And agile using agile engineering. And agile turned out to be a perfect fit for turned out to be a perfect fit for turned out to be a perfect fit for customer development. And then so okay, customer development. And then so okay, customer development. And then so okay, we now have this kind of duo of, you we now have this kind of duo of, you we now have this kind of duo of, you know, and Eric was practicing it and it know, and Eric was practicing it and it know, and Eric was practicing it and it was great and and then I started was great and and then I started was great and and then I started teaching a class at Stanford on on this teaching a class at Stanford on on this teaching a class at Stanford on on this and before I I started the lean and before I I started the lean and before I I started the lean launchpad class launchpad class launchpad class and me and my teaching assistant at the and me and my teaching assistant at the and me and my teaching assistant at the time, Ann Miura-ko, who's now a partner time, Ann Miura-ko, who's now a partner time, Ann Miura-ko, who's now a partner in a in a in a really successful venture fund called really successful venture fund called really successful venture fund called Floodgate. We're trying to figure out Floodgate. We're trying to figure out Floodgate. We're trying to figure out what a business model would look like, what a business model would look like, what a business model would look like, and she said, "I think I found it." And and she said, "I think I found it." And and she said, "I think I found it." And so we have coffee, and she pushes this so we have coffee, and she pushes this so we have coffee, and she pushes this book across the table at me, and I book across the table at me, and I book across the table at me, and I thought I found it cuz I found this PhD thought I found it cuz I found this PhD thought I found it cuz I found this PhD thesis, and I pushed it across the table thesis, and I pushed it across the table thesis, and I pushed it across the table to her. And we both look, it's the same to her. And we both look, it's the same to her. And we both look, it's the same guy, Alexander Osterwalder. And she was guy, Alexander Osterwalder. And she was guy, Alexander Osterwalder. And she was pushing the book Business Model pushing the book Business Model pushing the book Business Model Generation, which was Alex's first book, Generation, which was Alex's first book, Generation, which was Alex's first book, and I was pushing his PhD thesis, which and I was pushing his PhD thesis, which and I was pushing his PhD thesis, which was the great best taxonomy ever of was the great best taxonomy ever of was the great best taxonomy ever of every kind of business model paper they every kind of business model paper they every kind of business model paper they ever written or book. And And what we ever written or book. And And what we ever written or book. And And what we realized, long story short, is the realized, long story short, is the realized, long story short, is the Business Model Canvas, this one single Business Model Canvas, this one single Business Model Canvas, this one single piece of paper, has summarized for piece of paper, has summarized for piece of paper, has summarized for startups the nine things you need to startups the nine things you need to startups the nine things you need to worry about. I mean, there are other worry about. I mean, there are other worry about. I mean, there are other things, but 85% of what a startup need things, but 85% of what a startup need things, but 85% of what a startup need There's the checklist, you know, who are There's the checklist, you know, who are There's the checklist, you know, who are the customers, what are you building for the customers, what are you building for the customers, what are you building for them? Together, that's product market them? Together, that's product market them? Together, that's product market fit. You know, are you thinking about fit. You know, are you thinking about fit. You know, are you thinking about demand creation, revenue, whatever. demand creation, revenue, whatever. demand creation, revenue, whatever. There it was. And so those three pieces, There it was. And so those three pieces, There it was. And so those three pieces, Business Model Canvas, Customer Business Model Canvas, Customer Business Model Canvas, Customer Development, Agile Engineering, became, Development, Agile Engineering, became, Development, Agile Engineering, became, at least to my mind, the way to start. I at least to my mind, the way to start. I at least to my mind, the way to start. I know you didn't even ask that question. know you didn't even ask that question. know you didn't even ask that question. &gt;&gt; No, but I can tell you even in Germany, &gt;&gt; No, but I can tell you even in Germany, &gt;&gt; No, but I can tell you even in Germany, in small business classes, folks on in small business classes, folks on in small business classes, folks on entrepreneurship, these things are used entrepreneurship, these things are used entrepreneurship, these things are used every day every day every day &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; to teach people. &gt;&gt; to teach people. &gt;&gt; to teach people. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I have one admission of a mistake to &gt;&gt; I have one admission of a mistake to &gt;&gt; I have one admission of a mistake to make, make, make, &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; and uh have a follow-up question on &gt;&gt; and uh have a follow-up question on &gt;&gt; and uh have a follow-up question on that. I read your work when I was like that. I read your work when I was like that. I read your work when I was like 14, 15 years old, and I started my first 14, 15 years old, and I started my first 14, 15 years old, and I started my first proper company when I was 19 years old. proper company when I was 19 years old. proper company when I was 19 years old. &gt;&gt; Is this your revenge? Is that you &gt;&gt; Is this your revenge? Is that you &gt;&gt; Is this your revenge? Is that you &gt;&gt; No, no, no. &gt;&gt; No, no, no. &gt;&gt; No, no, no. But it took me 2 and 1/2 years, um But it took me 2 and 1/2 years, um But it took me 2 and 1/2 years, um and I probably made all the mistakes I and I probably made all the mistakes I and I probably made all the mistakes I actually read about, and knew about. The actually read about, and knew about. The actually read about, and knew about. The knowledge was there. knowledge was there. knowledge was there. &gt;&gt; It This is an expe &gt;&gt; It This is an expe &gt;&gt; It This is an expe &gt;&gt; How do you experience &gt;&gt; How do you experience &gt;&gt; How do you experience &gt;&gt; You [clears throat] You can't It's a You &gt;&gt; You [clears throat] You can't It's a You &gt;&gt; You [clears throat] You can't It's a You know, the equivalent is like taking uh know, the equivalent is like taking uh know, the equivalent is like taking uh sex and marriage advice from your sex and marriage advice from your sex and marriage advice from your priest. You know? priest. You know? priest. You know? &gt;&gt; It's I don't want to do that. &gt;&gt; It's I don't want to do that. &gt;&gt; It's I don't want to do that. &gt;&gt; It's It's great It's great theory, but &gt;&gt; It's It's great It's great theory, but &gt;&gt; It's It's great It's great theory, but unless there's been practice. But I bet unless there's been practice. But I bet unless there's been practice. But I bet after you failed, after you failed, after you failed, &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; you were a lot more receptive. It made &gt;&gt; you were a lot more receptive. It made &gt;&gt; you were a lot more receptive. It made Oh, this is what they were trying to Oh, this is what they were trying to Oh, this is what they were trying to say. You know, the the equivalent is say. You know, the the equivalent is say. You know, the the equivalent is when you're young, your parents try to when you're young, your parents try to when you're young, your parents try to teach you the stove is hot. I remember teach you the stove is hot. I remember teach you the stove is hot. I remember when my youngest daughter was about when my youngest daughter was about when my youngest daughter was about three. We had a barbecue in in the three. We had a barbecue in in the three. We had a barbecue in in the backyard and there was a little hole for backyard and there was a little hole for backyard and there was a little hole for the pilot light and I saw her staring at the pilot light and I saw her staring at the pilot light and I saw her staring at that and and I knew what she was going that and and I knew what she was going that and and I knew what she was going to do, so I ran in and got a got a bag to do, so I ran in and got a got a bag to do, so I ran in and got a got a bag of ice cuz I was going to watch. I said, of ice cuz I was going to watch. I said, of ice cuz I was going to watch. I said, "Hot. Hot." And she gave me one of those "Hot. Hot." And she gave me one of those "Hot. Hot." And she gave me one of those little looks, stuck her finger little looks, stuck her finger little looks, stuck her finger &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; hot. &gt;&gt; hot. &gt;&gt; hot. She never did that again. And I guess I She never did that again. And I guess I She never did that again. And I guess I could have been a bad parent, but could have been a bad parent, but could have been a bad parent, but by letting her do it, I know she wasn't by letting her do it, I know she wasn't by letting her do it, I know she wasn't going to damage herself, but that's an going to damage herself, but that's an going to damage herself, but that's an example of how human beings tend to example of how human beings tend to example of how human beings tend to learn. Some percentage of people can learn. Some percentage of people can learn. Some percentage of people can learn from a book without experience. learn from a book without experience. learn from a book without experience. Well, you learn math or you can learn Well, you learn math or you can learn Well, you learn math or you can learn whatever, but boy, some some of these whatever, but boy, some some of these whatever, but boy, some some of these things are just experiential, which is things are just experiential, which is things are just experiential, which is why teaching case studies in business why teaching case studies in business why teaching case studies in business school I thought was the most school I thought was the most school I thought was the most destructive thing ever for trying to destructive thing ever for trying to destructive thing ever for trying to teach entrepreneurship. It's not that teach entrepreneurship. It's not that teach entrepreneurship. It's not that the stories aren't good, but you don't the stories aren't good, but you don't the stories aren't good, but you don't it doesn't stick until you're trying to it doesn't stick until you're trying to it doesn't stick until you're trying to do something in class, melting down with do something in class, melting down with do something in class, melting down with team members who don't like quite to get team members who don't like quite to get team members who don't like quite to get what you want and the and the customers what you want and the and the customers what you want and the and the customers aren't behaving as you thought. Great, aren't behaving as you thought. Great, aren't behaving as you thought. Great, it's a class. You're going to but you're it's a class. You're going to but you're it's a class. You're going to but you're going to figure out what that feels like going to figure out what that feels like going to figure out what that feels like in real time. Does that make sense? in real time. Does that make sense? in real time. Does that make sense? Practice after all. Yes. Yeah. Practice after all. Yes. Yeah. Practice after all. Yes. Yeah. This is a This is you know, This is a This is you know, This is a This is you know, entrepreneurship is a full body contact entrepreneurship is a full body contact entrepreneurship is a full body contact sport. It's not something you read sport. It's not something you read sport. It's not something you read about. It's again, like reading a sex about. It's again, like reading a sex about. It's again, like reading a sex manual and I don't mean to be crude, but manual and I don't mean to be crude, but manual and I don't mean to be crude, but it it's the most extreme thing I could it it's the most extreme thing I could it it's the most extreme thing I could think about. You could read about it. think about. You could read about it. think about. You could read about it. That's nice, but until you experience That's nice, but until you experience That's nice, but until you experience it, you don't quite understand. Startups it, you don't quite understand. Startups it, you don't quite understand. Startups are kind of just like that. Yeah, I are kind of just like that. Yeah, I are kind of just like that. Yeah, I could read all the books I want, but could read all the books I want, but could read all the books I want, but it's messy. It's kind of uncertain. It's it's messy. It's kind of uncertain. It's it's messy. It's kind of uncertain. It's you know, things don't go exactly I you know, things don't go exactly I you know, things don't go exactly I remind you know, I teach at Stanford, remind you know, I teach at Stanford, remind you know, I teach at Stanford, some of the smartest students in the some of the smartest students in the some of the smartest students in the world, but I remind them as smart as you world, but I remind them as smart as you world, but I remind them as smart as you are, number one, you're not smarter than are, number one, you're not smarter than are, number one, you're not smarter than the collective intelligence of your the collective intelligence of your the collective intelligence of your potential customers. And number two, potential customers. And number two, potential customers. And number two, being some of the smartest people in the being some of the smartest people in the being some of the smartest people in the room actually is a detriment because if room actually is a detriment because if room actually is a detriment because if you're very smart, you think you could you're very smart, you think you could you're very smart, you think you could pre-compute all this stuff and you don't pre-compute all this stuff and you don't pre-compute all this stuff and you don't need to talk to anybody else. If you need to talk to anybody else. If you need to talk to anybody else. If you kind of go, "Well, maybe I don't know kind of go, "Well, maybe I don't know kind of go, "Well, maybe I don't know something." You know, you would go, something." You know, you would go, something." You know, you would go, "Well, maybe I ought to ask somebody. "Well, maybe I ought to ask somebody. "Well, maybe I ought to ask somebody. So, the smarter and more arrogant you So, the smarter and more arrogant you So, the smarter and more arrogant you are about how smart you are makes are about how smart you are makes are about how smart you are makes actually going out and doing this lean actually going out and doing this lean actually going out and doing this lean stuff even harder. So, that's the that's stuff even harder. So, that's the that's stuff even harder. So, that's the that's the story. the story. the story. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I can relate to that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I can relate to that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I can relate to that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, me too. Me too. It's the as I &gt;&gt; Yeah, me too. Me too. It's the as I &gt;&gt; Yeah, me too. Me too. It's the as I said, that's what said, that's what said, that's what it tied into you kind of screwed up my it tied into you kind of screwed up my it tied into you kind of screwed up my next to last startup. next to last startup. next to last startup. &gt;&gt; Talk about the world today and AI. We &gt;&gt; Talk about the world today and AI. We &gt;&gt; Talk about the world today and AI. We touched upon it already a bit, but it's touched upon it already a bit, but it's touched upon it already a bit, but it's crazy out there. crazy out there. crazy out there. A lot of stuff is happening, a lot of A lot of stuff is happening, a lot of A lot of stuff is happening, a lot of uncertainty, a lot of people I feel like uncertainty, a lot of people I feel like uncertainty, a lot of people I feel like every idea that you could think of is every idea that you could think of is every idea that you could think of is already being built by 15 teams at the already being built by 15 teams at the already being built by 15 teams at the same time in the exact same market with same time in the exact same market with same time in the exact same market with the exact same customer segment they're the exact same customer segment they're the exact same customer segment they're going after. What is your read on the going after. What is your read on the going after. What is your read on the world right now? world right now? world right now? &gt;&gt; Yeah, so you know, this is our first &gt;&gt; Yeah, so you know, this is our first &gt;&gt; Yeah, so you know, this is our first year I teach and I'm going to answer year I teach and I'm going to answer year I teach and I'm going to answer your question in a second. your question in a second. your question in a second. I'm teaching two classes this quarter. I'm teaching two classes this quarter. I'm teaching two classes this quarter. One called hacking for defense, another One called hacking for defense, another One called hacking for defense, another called the lean launchpad. And they're called the lean launchpad. And they're called the lean launchpad. And they're built around this idea of emulating a built around this idea of emulating a built around this idea of emulating a startup with the lean method, customer startup with the lean method, customer startup with the lean method, customer development. Students have to get out of development. Students have to get out of development. Students have to get out of the building, talk to 10 to 15 customers the building, talk to 10 to 15 customers the building, talk to 10 to 15 customers a week now physically or virtually. You a week now physically or virtually. You a week now physically or virtually. You know, agile engineering, they need to know, agile engineering, they need to know, agile engineering, they need to build MVPs every week. Use the business build MVPs every week. Use the business build MVPs every week. Use the business model canvas. We marched them through model canvas. We marched them through model canvas. We marched them through every part of the canvas. every part of the canvas. every part of the canvas. And this is and by the way, the class And this is and by the way, the class And this is and by the way, the class was adopted by in the US our National was adopted by in the US our National was adopted by in the US our National Science Foundation and our National Science Foundation and our National Science Foundation and our National Institute of Health to commercialize all Institute of Health to commercialize all Institute of Health to commercialize all science in the United States. They're in science in the United States. They're in science in the United States. They're in 100 universities. And this hacking for 100 universities. And this hacking for 100 universities. And this hacking for defense version of the class takes defense version of the class takes defense version of the class takes instead of students coming in with the instead of students coming in with the instead of students coming in with the problems or when it's taught by the problems or when it's taught by the problems or when it's taught by the National Science Foundation or National Science Foundation or National Science Foundation or Foundation or NIH, it was to teach Foundation or NIH, it was to teach Foundation or NIH, it was to teach principal investigators, scientists, and principal investigators, scientists, and principal investigators, scientists, and professors in universities. And hacking professors in universities. And hacking professors in universities. And hacking for defense took problems from the for defense took problems from the for defense took problems from the government, government, government, our defense department. That's in 60 our defense department. That's in 60 our defense department. That's in 60 universities, 17 in the UK, one in universities, 17 in the UK, one in universities, 17 in the UK, one in Poland, one in Germany. It just started. Poland, one in Germany. It just started. Poland, one in Germany. It just started. But to answer your question, what But to answer your question, what But to answer your question, what happened this year? I've been teaching happened this year? I've been teaching happened this year? I've been teaching the first class for 16 years. And this the first class for 16 years. And this the first class for 16 years. And this year on the first day, students came in year on the first day, students came in year on the first day, students came in with MVPs that looked like finished with MVPs that looked like finished with MVPs that looked like finished products. I mean, like we would maybe products. I mean, like we would maybe products. I mean, like we would maybe see in week 10. I mean, it wasn't like see in week 10. I mean, it wasn't like see in week 10. I mean, it wasn't like last year you you of saw some of this. last year you you of saw some of this. last year you you of saw some of this. The teaching team just looked at each The teaching team just looked at each The teaching team just looked at each other going, "Uh-oh, what are we going other going, "Uh-oh, what are we going other going, "Uh-oh, what are we going to teach them the right and but now to teach them the right and but now to teach them the right and but now we're in week four, it's worse. It's we're in week four, it's worse. It's we're in week four, it's worse. It's worse for the students. Why? Because worse for the students. Why? Because worse for the students. Why? Because they can not only create full-featured they can not only create full-featured they can not only create full-featured MVPs, they could spin up multiple of MVPs, they could spin up multiple of MVPs, they could spin up multiple of them. But what hasn't kept up and them. But what hasn't kept up and them. But what hasn't kept up and eventually there will be tools to do eventually there will be tools to do eventually there will be tools to do this, but right now it's gotten in their this, but right now it's gotten in their this, but right now it's gotten in their way of being able to validate the rest way of being able to validate the rest way of being able to validate the rest of the business model cuz hey, I'm done of the business model cuz hey, I'm done of the business model cuz hey, I'm done with the product. Great. Well, you with the product. Great. Well, you with the product. Great. Well, you haven't figured out who the customers haven't figured out who the customers haven't figured out who the customers are. You haven't figured you're going to are. You haven't figured you're going to are. You haven't figured you're going to make money. You have But I have the make money. You have But I have the make money. You have But I have the product. A product is not a company. You product. A product is not a company. You product. A product is not a company. You might be able to throw things against might be able to throw things against might be able to throw things against the wall before someone else does. Maybe the wall before someone else does. Maybe the wall before someone else does. Maybe or you get it acquired or something or you get it acquired or something or you get it acquired or something else. That's a different story. But but else. That's a different story. But but else. That's a different story. But but it's actually created a bottleneck in it's actually created a bottleneck in it's actually created a bottleneck in learning right now, which I thought was learning right now, which I thought was learning right now, which I thought was kind of amusing cuz I thought this thing kind of amusing cuz I thought this thing kind of amusing cuz I thought this thing was going to accelerate everything. was going to accelerate everything. was going to accelerate everything. Eventually, it will as I mentioned Eventually, it will as I mentioned Eventually, it will as I mentioned earlier, will allow people to create earlier, will allow people to create earlier, will allow people to create digital simulations and and share that digital simulations and and share that digital simulations and and share that with customers and allow them to with customers and allow them to with customers and allow them to co-create. That's going to be really co-create. That's going to be really co-create. That's going to be really exciting or when customers are amenable exciting or when customers are amenable exciting or when customers are amenable to using agents, then we'll go from to using agents, then we'll go from to using agents, then we'll go from product market fit where human beings product market fit where human beings product market fit where human beings are pulling down menus on a screen to to are pulling down menus on a screen to to are pulling down menus on a screen to to agent outcome fit where customers are agent outcome fit where customers are agent outcome fit where customers are used to and and comfortable with saying, used to and and comfortable with saying, used to and and comfortable with saying, "No, no, no, I don't want to pull down "No, no, no, I don't want to pull down "No, no, no, I don't want to pull down screens. I want you to give me agents screens. I want you to give me agents screens. I want you to give me agents that will give me outcomes and I'll pay that will give me outcomes and I'll pay that will give me outcomes and I'll pay you not per seed, but per outcome or per you not per seed, but per outcome or per you not per seed, but per outcome or per things." But there's an impedance things." But there's an impedance things." But there's an impedance mismatch what what can be created versus mismatch what what can be created versus mismatch what what can be created versus what customers are willing to adopt and what customers are willing to adopt and what customers are willing to adopt and the stability of tools. Then yeah, it the stability of tools. Then yeah, it the stability of tools. Then yeah, it could do some amazing things six days a could do some amazing things six days a could do some amazing things six days a week, but on the seventh day it'll week, but on the seventh day it'll week, but on the seventh day it'll delete all your files, right? And we're delete all your files, right? And we're delete all your files, right? And we're not sure I not sure I not sure I I'm we're at that point of stability yet I'm we're at that point of stability yet I'm we're at that point of stability yet to use open claw on all your enterprise. to use open claw on all your enterprise. to use open claw on all your enterprise. So I'm seeing this real-time and and the So I'm seeing this real-time and and the So I'm seeing this real-time and and the other thing I'm seeing is back to your other thing I'm seeing is back to your other thing I'm seeing is back to your point is now people are scrambling to point is now people are scrambling to point is now people are scrambling to figure out what the new mots are. That figure out what the new mots are. That figure out what the new mots are. That is, what are the new barriers to is, what are the new barriers to is, what are the new barriers to competition? One because the large competition? One because the large competition? One because the large language models has assumed a lot of language models has assumed a lot of language models has assumed a lot of that data across everything and you go, that data across everything and you go, that data across everything and you go, well, that's no longer a moat. But there well, that's no longer a moat. But there well, that's no longer a moat. But there are some some companies or some are some some companies or some are some some companies or some organizations that have proprietary organizations that have proprietary organizations that have proprietary data. That's a moat. Or still have data. That's a moat. Or still have data. That's a moat. Or still have proprietary distribution channels. proprietary distribution channels. proprietary distribution channels. That's still a moat. Or things need to That's still a moat. Or things need to That's still a moat. Or things need to be physically manufactured. Yes, and be physically manufactured. Yes, and be physically manufactured. Yes, and robotics and and AI-driven robots, but robotics and and AI-driven robots, but robotics and and AI-driven robots, but that's another 5 years in the future that's another 5 years in the future that's another 5 years in the future until we have something past the demo until we have something past the demo until we have something past the demo [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stage that it can actually do [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stage that it can actually do [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stage that it can actually do something useful. So, people are something useful. So, people are something useful. So, people are scrambling to find new moats, but scrambling to find new moats, but scrambling to find new moats, but they're also find scrambling to find new they're also find scrambling to find new they're also find scrambling to find new pricing models. Do I price per seat or pricing models. Do I price per seat or pricing models. Do I price per seat or do I now price per outcome? Again, do I now price per outcome? Again, do I now price per outcome? Again, there's an imperviousness mismatch about there's an imperviousness mismatch about there's an imperviousness mismatch about what our demos look like versus what what our demos look like versus what what our demos look like versus what production systems look like. Does that production systems look like. Does that production systems look like. Does that make make sense? But but this year has make make sense? But but this year has make make sense? But but this year has just been a mind-blower. So, I'm just been a mind-blower. So, I'm just been a mind-blower. So, I'm excited. I mean, it's I sure wouldn't excited. I mean, it's I sure wouldn't excited. I mean, it's I sure wouldn't want to be A, an enterprise software want to be A, an enterprise software want to be A, an enterprise software company B, anybody who's a junior company B, anybody who's a junior company B, anybody who's a junior programmer spent their, you know, or now programmer spent their, you know, or now programmer spent their, you know, or now in the middle of computer science at in the middle of computer science at in the middle of computer science at university. What do I do now? Um well, university. What do I do now? Um well, university. What do I do now? Um well, you're not going to be unemployed, but you're not going to be unemployed, but you're not going to be unemployed, but you're going to need to be employed on a you're going to need to be employed on a you're going to need to be employed on a much different level. much different level. much different level. &gt;&gt; Yeah, in a way I have a few more &gt;&gt; Yeah, in a way I have a few more &gt;&gt; Yeah, in a way I have a few more questions on moat. When I look questions on moat. When I look questions on moat. When I look &gt;&gt; By the way, and for your viewers, what &gt;&gt; By the way, and for your viewers, what &gt;&gt; By the way, and for your viewers, what the hell do I know? I mean, you know, the hell do I know? I mean, you know, the hell do I know? I mean, you know, &gt;&gt; Go. Leave the building. Figure it out &gt;&gt; Go. Leave the building. Figure it out &gt;&gt; Go. Leave the building. Figure it out yourself. yourself. yourself. &gt;&gt; I'm meaning like I used to do things, &gt;&gt; I'm meaning like I used to do things, &gt;&gt; I'm meaning like I used to do things, now I teach. It's the people who are now I teach. It's the people who are now I teach. It's the people who are watching this who are going to do the watching this who are going to do the watching this who are going to do the stuff and figure it out. But that's stuff and figure it out. But that's stuff and figure it out. But that's where I think the trajectory looks like where I think the trajectory looks like where I think the trajectory looks like it's going. But I'm amazed at every it's going. But I'm amazed at every it's going. But I'm amazed at every release. It's, you know, I have I'm open release. It's, you know, I have I'm open release. It's, you know, I have I'm open on my computer. I use Gemini Cloud and on my computer. I use Gemini Cloud and on my computer. I use Gemini Cloud and Open AI, you know, I check them between Open AI, you know, I check them between Open AI, you know, I check them between each other. I I asked just spun up a each other. I I asked just spun up a each other. I I asked just spun up a couple agents and I go, all right. All couple agents and I go, all right. All couple agents and I go, all right. All right. Yeah, and you know what's really right. Yeah, and you know what's really right. Yeah, and you know what's really interesting is of course interesting is of course interesting is of course You know, the Mac Mini is sold out. You You know, the Mac Mini is sold out. You You know, the Mac Mini is sold out. You know why it's sold out? Not because of know why it's sold out? Not because of know why it's sold out? Not because of the processor, but because of the the processor, but because of the the processor, but because of the memory. memory. memory. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right? If you could get a half a gig of &gt;&gt; Right? If you could get a half a gig of &gt;&gt; Right? If you could get a half a gig of half a terabyte of memory, you can now half a terabyte of memory, you can now half a terabyte of memory, you can now run local agents, right? At the at run local agents, right? At the at run local agents, right? At the at scale. And so, it's actually the memory scale. And so, it's actually the memory scale. And so, it's actually the memory bandwidth that's the bottleneck, not bandwidth that's the bottleneck, not bandwidth that's the bottleneck, not just the GPUs. Sidebar. just the GPUs. Sidebar. just the GPUs. Sidebar. &gt;&gt; I will now phrase a question maybe from &gt;&gt; I will now phrase a question maybe from &gt;&gt; I will now phrase a question maybe from viewers or from my personal experience. viewers or from my personal experience. viewers or from my personal experience. I look at a lot of things that people I look at a lot of things that people I look at a lot of things that people are building in a day or a a days, a few are building in a day or a a days, a few are building in a day or a a days, a few weeks. And often times to me it looks a weeks. And often times to me it looks a weeks. And often times to me it looks a bit like slop, a word being used for, bit like slop, a word being used for, bit like slop, a word being used for, let's say, poorly crafted user let's say, poorly crafted user let's say, poorly crafted user experiences. experiences. experiences. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But, you know what? In the US, um &gt;&gt; Yeah. But, you know what? In the US, um &gt;&gt; Yeah. But, you know what? In the US, um our telephone company used to be a our telephone company used to be a our telephone company used to be a monopoly owned by one company called monopoly owned by one company called monopoly owned by one company called AT&amp;T. And that these phones were AT&amp;T. And that these phones were AT&amp;T. And that these phones were incredibly well-built. You could throw incredibly well-built. You could throw incredibly well-built. You could throw them against the wall, and but they only them against the wall, and but they only them against the wall, and but they only came in like two colors, and there was a came in like two colors, and there was a came in like two colors, and there was a desk phone and a wall phone. That was desk phone and a wall phone. That was desk phone and a wall phone. That was it. And then we what was called it. And then we what was called it. And then we what was called deregulated phone companies, meaning deregulated phone companies, meaning deregulated phone companies, meaning anybody can now be in the phone anybody can now be in the phone anybody can now be in the phone business, anybody could sell you phones. business, anybody could sell you phones. business, anybody could sell you phones. And we had, though we didn't have the And we had, though we didn't have the And we had, though we didn't have the the term at the time, we had phone slop the term at the time, we had phone slop the term at the time, we had phone slop for the first four years. People were for the first four years. People were for the first four years. People were making cheap phones in Japan and China, making cheap phones in Japan and China, making cheap phones in Japan and China, but they were Mickey Mouse, and you but they were Mickey Mouse, and you but they were Mickey Mouse, and you could get different colors, and they could get different colors, and they could get different colors, and they looked like, you know, anything, beer looked like, you know, anything, beer looked like, you know, anything, beer cans or whatever, and and it was and it cans or whatever, and and it was and it cans or whatever, and and it was and it was silly. People were buying them, and was silly. People were buying them, and was silly. People were buying them, and they broke in like 6 months, and they they broke in like 6 months, and they they broke in like 6 months, and they didn't work, and they were never as good didn't work, and they were never as good didn't work, and they were never as good as the AT&amp;T one, until the market as the AT&amp;T one, until the market as the AT&amp;T one, until the market stabilized. And until people kind of got stabilized. And until people kind of got stabilized. And until people kind of got that out of their system, and the all that out of their system, and the all that out of their system, and the all the phone slop, you know, we never had the phone slop, you know, we never had the phone slop, you know, we never had that word, but I would use that as an that word, but I would use that as an that word, but I would use that as an analogy. That's the phase I see us going analogy. That's the phase I see us going analogy. That's the phase I see us going through. Hey, look, or here's another through. Hey, look, or here's another through. Hey, look, or here's another one. It's again before most of your one. It's again before most of your one. It's again before most of your viewers were even born, but it's hard to viewers were even born, but it's hard to viewers were even born, but it's hard to remember that when the Macintosh came remember that when the Macintosh came remember that when the Macintosh came out, Apple, it was the first bit map out, Apple, it was the first bit map out, Apple, it was the first bit map screen at scale. You could screen at scale. You could screen at scale. You could write things that you not just fixed write things that you not just fixed write things that you not just fixed characters. We take it for granted now. characters. We take it for granted now. characters. We take it for granted now. And you could use multiple fonts. That And you could use multiple fonts. That And you could use multiple fonts. That was unbelievable. But, the first was unbelievable. But, the first was unbelievable. But, the first newsletters and and documents that newsletters and and documents that newsletters and and documents that people wrote looked like ransom notes. people wrote looked like ransom notes. people wrote looked like ransom notes. They had like 15 fonts in the same They had like 15 fonts in the same They had like 15 fonts in the same document. Today, you'd look at that, and document. Today, you'd look at that, and document. Today, you'd look at that, and you go, are you on drugs? That's what you go, are you on drugs? That's what you go, are you on drugs? That's what Why? Because people got to experiment, Why? Because people got to experiment, Why? Because people got to experiment, and look, it's freedom. I get to do X or and look, it's freedom. I get to do X or and look, it's freedom. I get to do X or Y. It was it was typography slop. Lasted Y. It was it was typography slop. Lasted Y. It was it was typography slop. Lasted about three or four years, and then about three or four years, and then about three or four years, and then things calmed down, and people said, no, things calmed down, and people said, no, things calmed down, and people said, no, no, no, it ought to look like a no, no, it ought to look like a no, no, it ought to look like a professional document. You don't use professional document. You don't use professional document. You don't use more than one font in a whatever. That's more than one font in a whatever. That's more than one font in a whatever. That's the phase we're in. Does that make the phase we're in. Does that make the phase we're in. Does that make sense? Is it an analogy? It's people sense? Is it an analogy? It's people sense? Is it an analogy? It's people like have just been unencumbered and like have just been unencumbered and like have just been unencumbered and released and and given the power to do released and and given the power to do released and and given the power to do amazing things where before both those amazing things where before both those amazing things where before both those examples were we were constricted to do examples were we were constricted to do examples were we were constricted to do just this small little thing and now we just this small little thing and now we just this small little thing and now we have the ability to do X, we went wild. have the ability to do X, we went wild. have the ability to do X, we went wild. And I think that's what we're seeing now And I think that's what we're seeing now And I think that's what we're seeing now and it will vibrate for a while and then and it will vibrate for a while and then and it will vibrate for a while and then things I think will settle out when the things I think will settle out when the things I think will settle out when the tools get a little more more mature and tools get a little more more mature and tools get a little more more mature and people understand what a level of people understand what a level of people understand what a level of goodness is in a in a stable app that goodness is in a in a stable app that goodness is in a in a stable app that doesn't eat your code or that's what it doesn't eat your code or that's what it doesn't eat your code or that's what it works the same way twice or doesn't make works the same way twice or doesn't make works the same way twice or doesn't make sense. Um, sense. Um, sense. Um, I think developers are just going I think developers are just going I think developers are just going through this so like unbelievable power through this so like unbelievable power through this so like unbelievable power that's been put in their hands and just that's been put in their hands and just that's been put in their hands and just trying different things. And out of that trying different things. And out of that trying different things. And out of that by the way will will rise you know a by the way will will rise you know a by the way will will rise you know a whole new set of tools and platforms. whole new set of tools and platforms. whole new set of tools and platforms. For example, it's pretty obvious to me For example, it's pretty obvious to me For example, it's pretty obvious to me you know, we were building apps thinking you know, we were building apps thinking you know, we were building apps thinking that the base layer were you know, that the base layer were you know, that the base layer were you know, Windows, OS X or whatever. That's no Windows, OS X or whatever. That's no Windows, OS X or whatever. That's no longer the base layer. Right now we're longer the base layer. Right now we're longer the base layer. Right now we're just thinking is the base layer, you just thinking is the base layer, you just thinking is the base layer, you know, is it open AI? Is it Anthropic? Is know, is it open AI? Is it Anthropic? Is know, is it open AI? Is it Anthropic? Is it you know, maybe Gemini? And that's it you know, maybe Gemini? And that's it you know, maybe Gemini? And that's what we're going to be building apps on. what we're going to be building apps on. what we're going to be building apps on. So the new abstraction layer will and So the new abstraction layer will and So the new abstraction layer will and then on top of that we're seeing things then on top of that we're seeing things then on top of that we're seeing things like open cloud. That's just the like open cloud. That's just the like open cloud. That's just the beginning of a kind of a a beginning of a kind of a a beginning of a kind of a a another layer on top of that. We're just another layer on top of that. We're just another layer on top of that. We're just beginning. That's the only thing about beginning. That's the only thing about beginning. That's the only thing about that's useful about having perspective that's useful about having perspective that's useful about having perspective of going, "Have I seen this before and of going, "Have I seen this before and of going, "Have I seen this before and what does this look like?" Again, I I what does this look like?" Again, I I what does this look like?" Again, I I think as I said earlier, it's happening think as I said earlier, it's happening think as I said earlier, it's happening much faster, much more compressed and much faster, much more compressed and much faster, much more compressed and affecting multiple industries affecting multiple industries affecting multiple industries simultaneously. I'm just talking about simultaneously. I'm just talking about simultaneously. I'm just talking about life sciences as well as as the standard life sciences as well as as the standard life sciences as well as as the standard software and hardware world. And then software and hardware world. And then software and hardware world. And then we're going to see it in robotics as we're going to see it in robotics as we're going to see it in robotics as well. Again, I I think another five well. Again, I I think another five well. Again, I I think another five years before we have something more than years before we have something more than years before we have something more than than funny demos, but things are getting than funny demos, but things are getting than funny demos, but things are getting closer. closer. closer. &gt;&gt; Makes me feel very optimistic. I'm &gt;&gt; Makes me feel very optimistic. I'm &gt;&gt; Makes me feel very optimistic. I'm always optimistic at the frontier. always optimistic at the frontier. always optimistic at the frontier. &gt;&gt; So the bad news is &gt;&gt; So the bad news is &gt;&gt; So the bad news is human beings have had a very um, human beings have had a very um, human beings have had a very um, no success in putting the genie back in no success in putting the genie back in no success in putting the genie back in the bottle. Meaning, maybe the only good the bottle. Meaning, maybe the only good the bottle. Meaning, maybe the only good example, two good examples, controlling example, two good examples, controlling example, two good examples, controlling the the the the dissemination of technology that the dissemination of technology that the dissemination of technology that could kill us was the nuclear test ban could kill us was the nuclear test ban could kill us was the nuclear test ban treaty and and the treaty to stop treaty and and the treaty to stop treaty and and the treaty to stop proliferation of nuclear weapons. We proliferation of nuclear weapons. We proliferation of nuclear weapons. We were pretty successful to keep it to, were pretty successful to keep it to, were pretty successful to keep it to, you know, US, uh, Russia, Soviet Union, you know, US, uh, Russia, Soviet Union, you know, US, uh, Russia, Soviet Union, Russia, uh, UK, France, and then, you Russia, uh, UK, France, and then, you Russia, uh, UK, France, and then, you know, unannounced powers, so like, uh, know, unannounced powers, so like, uh, know, unannounced powers, so like, uh, and and North Korean and unannounced and and North Korean and unannounced and and North Korean and unannounced like Israel. But, you know, like Israel. But, you know, like Israel. But, you know, it's been 80 years since we developed it's been 80 years since we developed it's been 80 years since we developed nuclear weapons. nuclear weapons. nuclear weapons. Almost any industrialized country could Almost any industrialized country could Almost any industrialized country could now build an atomic bomb. But, we now build an atomic bomb. But, we now build an atomic bomb. But, we managed to keep things of mass managed to keep things of mass managed to keep things of mass destruction. We did the same destruction. We did the same destruction. We did the same with chemical and biological weapon. It with chemical and biological weapon. It with chemical and biological weapon. It wasn't until that stuff got out of the wasn't until that stuff got out of the wasn't until that stuff got out of the the lab in Wuhan that we killed 20 the lab in Wuhan that we killed 20 the lab in Wuhan that we killed 20 million people. But, we did a pretty million people. But, we did a pretty million people. But, we did a pretty good job of, until then, keeping good job of, until then, keeping good job of, until then, keeping biological weapons out of I mean, the biological weapons out of I mean, the biological weapons out of I mean, the Soviet Union, the Cold War, weaponized Soviet Union, the Cold War, weaponized Soviet Union, the Cold War, weaponized smallpox and anthrax, things that were smallpox and anthrax, things that were smallpox and anthrax, things that were supposed to be were banned. But, we supposed to be were banned. But, we supposed to be were banned. But, we managed not to do that by treaty. The managed not to do that by treaty. The managed not to do that by treaty. The promise back then, those things were promise back then, those things were promise back then, those things were developed by nation states, by developed by nation states, by developed by nation states, by governments. And so, governments were governments. And so, governments were governments. And so, governments were able to agree, kind of constrain the able to agree, kind of constrain the able to agree, kind of constrain the growth of this stuff. growth of this stuff. growth of this stuff. But, think about AI. It's not developed But, think about AI. It's not developed But, think about AI. It's not developed in a government lab, it's developed by in a government lab, it's developed by in a government lab, it's developed by commercial companies, um, commercial companies, um, commercial companies, um, that have no sense of morality or or uh, that have no sense of morality or or uh, that have no sense of morality or or uh, interest in the greater good. interest in the greater good. interest in the greater good. What's What's the interest in a public What's What's the interest in a public What's What's the interest in a public company? At least in the US and the company? At least in the US and the company? At least in the US and the they're all US companies, the interest they're all US companies, the interest they're all US companies, the interest is maximizing revenue and and market is maximizing revenue and and market is maximizing revenue and and market cap. And so, the ability to kind of cap. And so, the ability to kind of cap. And so, the ability to kind of manage these things by treaty or manage these things by treaty or manage these things by treaty or anything are not going to happen. In anything are not going to happen. In anything are not going to happen. In fact, the sad thing was fact, the sad thing was fact, the sad thing was about a year or two ago, I was in the UK about a year or two ago, I was in the UK about a year or two ago, I was in the UK talking to their, uh, foreign office or, talking to their, uh, foreign office or, talking to their, uh, foreign office or, uh, I forget where, or maybe the uh, I forget where, or maybe the uh, I forget where, or maybe the Ministry of Defense, and they were Ministry of Defense, and they were Ministry of Defense, and they were talking about how to regulate AI. And I talking about how to regulate AI. And I talking about how to regulate AI. And I was just laughing at them going, "This was just laughing at them going, "This was just laughing at them going, "This toothpaste is already out of the tube. toothpaste is already out of the tube. toothpaste is already out of the tube. You you regulate it in the UK, but it's You you regulate it in the UK, but it's You you regulate it in the UK, but it's going to cross the border. The Americans going to cross the border. The Americans going to cross the border. The Americans don't have any rules at all. So, the don't have any rules at all. So, the don't have any rules at all. So, the risk of AI, if I think that was your risk of AI, if I think that was your risk of AI, if I think that was your question, what am I concerned about, is question, what am I concerned about, is question, what am I concerned about, is that it's driven by profit and it has that it's driven by profit and it has that it's driven by profit and it has the potential to make do enormous harm the potential to make do enormous harm the potential to make do enormous harm both socially. I mean, look what social both socially. I mean, look what social both socially. I mean, look what social media did to at least the Western media did to at least the Western media did to at least the Western cultures. China was smart enough to cultures. China was smart enough to cultures. China was smart enough to regulate it. Couldn't couldn't have regulate it. Couldn't couldn't have regulate it. Couldn't couldn't have didn't have the stomach to do that in in didn't have the stomach to do that in in didn't have the stomach to do that in in but AI is going to be worse. It's being but AI is going to be worse. It's being but AI is going to be worse. It's being optimized not for as I said for the optimized not for as I said for the optimized not for as I said for the greater good, but for the greater profit greater good, but for the greater profit greater good, but for the greater profit of of a couple of companies. So, what of of a couple of companies. So, what of of a couple of companies. So, what should we do? should we do? should we do? Um hold on to your seats. It's going to Um hold on to your seats. It's going to Um hold on to your seats. It's going to be a wild ride. be a wild ride. be a wild ride. Okay. Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; I wanted to make through just say the &gt;&gt; I wanted to make through just say the &gt;&gt; I wanted to make through just say the next five years and I'm again 19 years next five years and I'm again 19 years next five years and I'm again 19 years old. I want to figure out what I should old. I want to figure out what I should old. I want to figure out what I should be working on. I'm not but like the be working on. I'm not but like the be working on. I'm not but like the audience you are the I'm trying to audience you are the I'm trying to audience you are the I'm trying to phrase you know phrase you know phrase you know the voice of the people out there. the voice of the people out there. the voice of the people out there. But the 19 year old kid out there, you But the 19 year old kid out there, you But the 19 year old kid out there, you know, wants to know what do you think I know, wants to know what do you think I know, wants to know what do you think I should be working on other like some should be working on other like some should be working on other like some particular domains or sets of ideas that particular domains or sets of ideas that particular domains or sets of ideas that you think are particularly interesting you think are particularly interesting you think are particularly interesting for people to solve. for people to solve. for people to solve. &gt;&gt; um you know, if you're in software and &gt;&gt; um you know, if you're in software and &gt;&gt; um you know, if you're in software and hardware and building apps and you know, hardware and building apps and you know, hardware and building apps and you know, stuff for your friends or your mother or stuff for your friends or your mother or stuff for your friends or your mother or even think about automating companies, I even think about automating companies, I even think about automating companies, I would suggest maybe you want to go would suggest maybe you want to go would suggest maybe you want to go deeper. Look at other fields you don't deeper. Look at other fields you don't deeper. Look at other fields you don't know anything about. I mean, what's nice know anything about. I mean, what's nice know anything about. I mean, what's nice is a 19 you kind of go into the little is a 19 you kind of go into the little is a 19 you kind of go into the little niche you know, you know, it's like hey, niche you know, you know, it's like hey, niche you know, you know, it's like hey, I'm a student in university. I'm in so I'm a student in university. I'm in so I'm a student in university. I'm in so and so department. I know about X. AI is and so department. I know about X. AI is and so department. I know about X. AI is affecting everything. Life science, affecting everything. Life science, affecting everything. Life science, material science, you know, almost any material science, you know, almost any material science, you know, almost any domain you could think about and some of domain you could think about and some of domain you could think about and some of them like um are even bigger them like um are even bigger them like um are even bigger opportunities than the crowded space you opportunities than the crowded space you opportunities than the crowded space you think you're in. So, you know, this is think you're in. So, you know, this is think you're in. So, you know, this is what I remind people. what I remind people. what I remind people. You know, we talk about the You know, we talk about the You know, we talk about the characteristics of an entrepreneur. characteristics of an entrepreneur. characteristics of an entrepreneur. Tenacious, relentless, agile, you know, Tenacious, relentless, agile, you know, Tenacious, relentless, agile, you know, they're all kind of they're all kind of they're all kind of But the thing we missed talking about is But the thing we missed talking about is But the thing we missed talking about is curiosity. Curiosity in a lot of things. curiosity. Curiosity in a lot of things. curiosity. Curiosity in a lot of things. If not curious about things outside your If not curious about things outside your If not curious about things outside your field, you're missing a lot. I mean, you field, you're missing a lot. I mean, you field, you're missing a lot. I mean, you know, I still read about semiconductors. know, I still read about semiconductors. know, I still read about semiconductors. I get nature and science, I read about I get nature and science, I read about I get nature and science, I read about life science and and which just still life science and and which just still life science and and which just still blows me away about how much stuff we're blows me away about how much stuff we're blows me away about how much stuff we're discovering about how complicated we discovering about how complicated we discovering about how complicated we thought we we understood the everything thought we we understood the everything thought we we understood the everything ever when we did the human genome ever when we did the human genome ever when we did the human genome project, it's laughable 20 years later. project, it's laughable 20 years later. project, it's laughable 20 years later. We we had no clue how complicated things We we had no clue how complicated things We we had no clue how complicated things were and we're still discovering it. So were and we're still discovering it. So were and we're still discovering it. So I I would suggest whatever domain you're I I would suggest whatever domain you're I I would suggest whatever domain you're in, pick something so esoteric in, pick something so esoteric in, pick something so esoteric and just do a deep dive and you don't and just do a deep dive and you don't and just do a deep dive and you don't have to um have to um have to um you don't have to become an expert. I'll you don't have to become an expert. I'll you don't have to become an expert. I'll give you an example. I mentioned I give you an example. I mentioned I give you an example. I mentioned I started a company or I helped start a started a company or I helped start a started a company or I helped start a company as I made supercomputers. That company as I made supercomputers. That company as I made supercomputers. That is high performance computers that solve is high performance computers that solve is high performance computers that solve scientific problems. Back then they were scientific problems. Back then they were scientific problems. Back then they were competed with a company called Cray and competed with a company called Cray and competed with a company called Cray and we just didn't make the hardware, we had we just didn't make the hardware, we had we just didn't make the hardware, we had to figure out what software to run on to figure out what software to run on to figure out what software to run on the machine and I had I was responsible the machine and I had I was responsible the machine and I had I was responsible for marketing, but I thought just for marketing, but I thought just for marketing, but I thought just selling the hardware just kind of missed selling the hardware just kind of missed selling the hardware just kind of missed the point cuz my customers needed to the point cuz my customers needed to the point cuz my customers needed to solve very specific problems and so I solve very specific problems and so I solve very specific problems and so I had to figure out what problems and then had to figure out what problems and then had to figure out what problems and then I cheated by reading all of Cray's I cheated by reading all of Cray's I cheated by reading all of Cray's material and realized, oh, computational material and realized, oh, computational material and realized, oh, computational fluid dynamics, computational chemistry, fluid dynamics, computational chemistry, fluid dynamics, computational chemistry, seismic data processing and reservoir seismic data processing and reservoir seismic data processing and reservoir simulation, finite element analysis and simulation, finite element analysis and simulation, finite element analysis and crash analysis, a whole set of verticals crash analysis, a whole set of verticals crash analysis, a whole set of verticals that were pretty esoteric. And so I went that were pretty esoteric. And so I went that were pretty esoteric. And so I went around the country and hired some of the around the country and hired some of the around the country and hired some of the best people who were technical, but I best people who were technical, but I best people who were technical, but I but articulate and realized it was a lot but articulate and realized it was a lot but articulate and realized it was a lot easier to train technical people to easier to train technical people to easier to train technical people to become marketers than the marketers to become marketers than the marketers to become marketers than the marketers to become technical people. And was able to become technical people. And was able to become technical people. And was able to do that success First of all, I needed do that success First of all, I needed do that success First of all, I needed to understand those things and so I had to understand those things and so I had to understand those things and so I had to read about them. But the only to read about them. But the only to read about them. But the only person I couldn't hire was one from the person I couldn't hire was one from the person I couldn't hire was one from the petroleum business because back at that petroleum business because back at that petroleum business because back at that point in time, it was booming and and no point in time, it was booming and and no point in time, it was booming and and no one wanted to go to Silicon Valley at one wanted to go to Silicon Valley at one wanted to go to Silicon Valley at the time. So I said, how do I do this? I the time. So I said, how do I do this? I the time. So I said, how do I do this? I said, well, I guess I need to become not said, well, I guess I need to become not said, well, I guess I need to become not only head of marketing, but I will take only head of marketing, but I will take only head of marketing, but I will take this vertical on personally. But I knew this vertical on personally. But I knew this vertical on personally. But I knew nothing about this. So I flew to Houston nothing about this. So I flew to Houston nothing about this. So I flew to Houston and there used to be the petroleum area and there used to be the petroleum area and there used to be the petroleum area research library. And so I got a hotel research library. And so I got a hotel research library. And so I got a hotel for a week, Maybe, maybe 2 weeks. I read for a week, Maybe, maybe 2 weeks. I read for a week, Maybe, maybe 2 weeks. I read the library. I maybe understood two the library. I maybe understood two the library. I maybe understood two pages of everything I read, but I pages of everything I read, but I pages of everything I read, but I understood enough to have a first hour understood enough to have a first hour understood enough to have a first hour or two conversation with not only or two conversation with not only or two conversation with not only marketeers, but technical people about marketeers, but technical people about marketeers, but technical people about how our machine would work and what it how our machine would work and what it how our machine would work and what it could do for reservoir simulation and could do for reservoir simulation and could do for reservoir simulation and what what supercomputers were doing what what what supercomputers were doing what what what supercomputers were doing what this machine would be doing. Fast this machine would be doing. Fast this machine would be doing. Fast forward 4 months later, I I'm going down forward 4 months later, I I'm going down forward 4 months later, I I'm going down to back then Chevron, which was an oil to back then Chevron, which was an oil to back then Chevron, which was an oil company, had a research center in company, had a research center in company, had a research center in Southern California in La Habra. I flew Southern California in La Habra. I flew Southern California in La Habra. I flew down to give a brown bag lunch talk to down to give a brown bag lunch talk to down to give a brown bag lunch talk to their research center. And I talked their research center. And I talked their research center. And I talked about the use of supercomputers and about the use of supercomputers and about the use of supercomputers and reservoir simulation, futures, and what reservoir simulation, futures, and what reservoir simulation, futures, and what was possible, and took some Q&amp;A and was possible, and took some Q&amp;A and was possible, and took some Q&amp;A and whatever. And at the end, the head of whatever. And at the end, the head of whatever. And at the end, the head of research for Chevron handed me his research for Chevron handed me his research for Chevron handed me his business card. He said, "You know, business card. He said, "You know, business card. He said, "You know, most companies, hardware companies, just most companies, hardware companies, just most companies, hardware companies, just send stupid marketing people or sales send stupid marketing people or sales send stupid marketing people or sales people down. You're the first research people down. You're the first research people down. You're the first research engineer they they ever sent down. If engineer they they ever sent down. If engineer they they ever sent down. If you ever want a job at Chevron at our you ever want a job at Chevron at our you ever want a job at Chevron at our research center, here's my card." I research center, here's my card." I research center, here's my card." I saved that card for the rest of my saved that card for the rest of my saved that card for the rest of my career, and the point wasn't I was career, and the point wasn't I was career, and the point wasn't I was smart. The point was I was intensely smart. The point was I was intensely smart. The point was I was intensely curious and who loved learning about curious and who loved learning about curious and who loved learning about this domain, which I could still talk this domain, which I could still talk this domain, which I could still talk about and give probably an hour talk, about and give probably an hour talk, about and give probably an hour talk, but that's about it. And something that but that's about it. And something that but that's about it. And something that you would think has nothing to do with you would think has nothing to do with you would think has nothing to do with hardware or software or whatever, but hardware or software or whatever, but hardware or software or whatever, but this was an example of I love to learn this was an example of I love to learn this was an example of I love to learn new things. And I love to try to figure new things. And I love to try to figure new things. And I love to try to figure out, could I understand them and then out, could I understand them and then out, could I understand them and then explain them in a way that other people explain them in a way that other people explain them in a way that other people go, "Oh, I get it and now I could go, "Oh, I get it and now I could go, "Oh, I get it and now I could understand how your product would fit, understand how your product would fit, understand how your product would fit, etc." Does that make sense about etc." Does that make sense about etc." Does that make sense about curiosity? curiosity? curiosity? &gt;&gt; And just imagine how nice it is these &gt;&gt; And just imagine how nice it is these &gt;&gt; And just imagine how nice it is these days with AI. You can discover so days with AI. You can discover so days with AI. You can discover so quickly depth of a subject matter. Of quickly depth of a subject matter. Of quickly depth of a subject matter. Of course, you need to be careful the way course, you need to be careful the way course, you need to be careful the way you phrase it. You need to apply you phrase it. You need to apply you phrase it. You need to apply critical thinking these days. critical thinking these days. critical thinking these days. &gt;&gt; understand, right? &gt;&gt; understand, right? &gt;&gt; understand, right? &gt;&gt; Of course, and there's still I think a &gt;&gt; Of course, and there's still I think a &gt;&gt; Of course, and there's still I think a lot of people many people stop thinking, lot of people many people stop thinking, lot of people many people stop thinking, which is a big problem with AI in my which is a big problem with AI in my which is a big problem with AI in my view. view. view. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; At the same time, to me &gt;&gt; At the same time, to me &gt;&gt; At the same time, to me &gt;&gt; It's just the way the world &gt;&gt; It's just the way the world &gt;&gt; It's just the way the world &gt;&gt; infinite deep dive &gt;&gt; infinite deep dive &gt;&gt; infinite deep dive &gt;&gt; Yeah, right. It's Google on steroids if &gt;&gt; Yeah, right. It's Google on steroids if &gt;&gt; Yeah, right. It's Google on steroids if if you want to learn about anything. But if you want to learn about anything. But if you want to learn about anything. But but it goes all the way back to if but it goes all the way back to if but it goes all the way back to if you're not curious, you're missing you're not curious, you're missing you're not curious, you're missing something. And this goes back to your something. And this goes back to your something. And this goes back to your question of what should a 19-year-old be question of what should a 19-year-old be question of what should a 19-year-old be thinking about? Be thinking about things thinking about? Be thinking about things thinking about? Be thinking about things you're not thinking about. Right? Think you're not thinking about. Right? Think you're not thinking about. Right? Think about things that your friends aren't about things that your friends aren't about things that your friends aren't thinking about. Go to places your thinking about. Go to places your thinking about. Go to places your friends aren't going to. friends aren't going to. friends aren't going to. Ask yourself, why aren't people doing Ask yourself, why aren't people doing Ask yourself, why aren't people doing this in this field? And the answer might this in this field? And the answer might this in this field? And the answer might be cuz A, you probably don't understand be cuz A, you probably don't understand be cuz A, you probably don't understand the field, or B, holy cow, you just the field, or B, holy cow, you just the field, or B, holy cow, you just discovered an opportunity that no one discovered an opportunity that no one discovered an opportunity that no one has done yet. Maybe this is the place has done yet. Maybe this is the place has done yet. Maybe this is the place you ought to be. That's where great you ought to be. That's where great you ought to be. That's where great innovation happen. Let me think about innovation happen. Let me think about innovation happen. Let me think about Elon Musk. You know, you know, what did Elon Musk. You know, you know, what did Elon Musk. You know, you know, what did Elon know about rocket? But he was Elon know about rocket? But he was Elon know about rocket? But he was intensely curious. You know who Elon is? intensely curious. You know who Elon is? intensely curious. You know who Elon is? Elon only had one job where he worked Elon only had one job where he worked Elon only had one job where he worked for someone else in Silicon Valley. You for someone else in Silicon Valley. You for someone else in Silicon Valley. You know what company that was? That was my know what company that was? That was my know what company that was? That was my video game company that failed. He was video game company that failed. He was video game company that failed. He was our intern. our intern. our intern. &gt;&gt; Really? &gt;&gt; Really? &gt;&gt; Really? &gt;&gt; Yeah. In fact, listen, I I wish I could &gt;&gt; Yeah. In fact, listen, I I wish I could &gt;&gt; Yeah. In fact, listen, I I wish I could claim that that I knew him. In fact, I claim that that I knew him. In fact, I claim that that I knew him. In fact, I was reading his biography and it said, was reading his biography and it said, was reading his biography and it said, "Oh, he was an intern in a in a video "Oh, he was an intern in a in a video "Oh, he was an intern in a in a video game company." I said, "Oh, that's game company." I said, "Oh, that's game company." I said, "Oh, that's interesting. I I was CEO of one." "Oh, interesting. I I was CEO of one." "Oh, interesting. I I was CEO of one." "Oh, in San Francisco. Oh, I had one in San in San Francisco. Oh, I had one in San in San Francisco. Oh, I had one in San Francisco. Name Rocket Science Go." Francisco. Name Rocket Science Go." Francisco. Name Rocket Science Go." What? What? What? &gt;&gt; Elon Musk was your intern, basically. &gt;&gt; Elon Musk was your intern, basically. &gt;&gt; Elon Musk was your intern, basically. &gt;&gt; and he worked for the company. He worked &gt;&gt; and he worked for the company. He worked &gt;&gt; and he worked for the company. He worked for Peter Barrett, the VP of for Peter Barrett, the VP of for Peter Barrett, the VP of Engineering, who is now now head of Engineering, who is now now head of Engineering, who is now now head of Playground, a venture capital firm. So, Playground, a venture capital firm. So, Playground, a venture capital firm. So, so wait a minute. I I had to call up Jim so wait a minute. I I had to call up Jim so wait a minute. I I had to call up Jim Wickett, who was my CEO and Chief Wickett, who was my CEO and Chief Wickett, who was my CEO and Chief Operating Officer. Said, "Do you Operating Officer. Said, "Do you Operating Officer. Said, "Do you remember?" And Jim said, "That was the remember?" And Jim said, "That was the remember?" And Jim said, "That was the kid you yelled at a lot. He worked for kid you yelled at a lot. He worked for kid you yelled at a lot. He worked for Peter." Peter." Peter." Um So, yeah. So, but my my point is, Um So, yeah. So, but my my point is, Um So, yeah. So, but my my point is, here was a guy who went from one domain, here was a guy who went from one domain, here was a guy who went from one domain, had no experience at all, got lucky had no experience at all, got lucky had no experience at all, got lucky {slash} good {slash} lucky at at PayPal, {slash} good {slash} lucky at at PayPal, {slash} good {slash} lucky at at PayPal, took the money and said, "I want to" and took the money and said, "I want to" and took the money and said, "I want to" and they laughed at him. I have to tell you, they laughed at him. I have to tell you, they laughed at him. I have to tell you, this is something you should all this is something you should all this is something you should all remember is when people laugh at you, remember is when people laugh at you, remember is when people laugh at you, this is a real test of an entrepreneur. this is a real test of an entrepreneur. this is a real test of an entrepreneur. If you decide that, "Well, I'm not going If you decide that, "Well, I'm not going If you decide that, "Well, I'm not going to go do this cuz people laughed at me," to go do this cuz people laughed at me," to go do this cuz people laughed at me," you probably don't have it. If it pisses you probably don't have it. If it pisses you probably don't have it. If it pisses you off and makes you go faster or you off and makes you go faster or you off and makes you go faster or further, you're in it. Does that make further, you're in it. Does that make further, you're in it. Does that make sense? I mean, great entrepreneurs are sense? I mean, great entrepreneurs are sense? I mean, great entrepreneurs are are Can I tell you one story about are Can I tell you one story about are Can I tell you one story about &gt;&gt; Please. Like &gt;&gt; Please. Like &gt;&gt; Please. Like &gt;&gt; So, I I mentioned earlier we started &gt;&gt; So, I I mentioned earlier we started &gt;&gt; So, I I mentioned earlier we started this class that it got it got adopted by this class that it got it got adopted by this class that it got it got adopted by the National Science Foundation and the the National Science Foundation and the the National Science Foundation and the National Institute of Health. But how National Institute of Health. But how National Institute of Health. But how that happened was we created the class that happened was we created the class that happened was we created the class at Stanford, I blogged it every week, at Stanford, I blogged it every week, at Stanford, I blogged it every week, and I got a call from the head of and I got a call from the head of and I got a call from the head of commercialization at the National commercialization at the National commercialization at the National Science Foundation. Basically, you know, Science Foundation. Basically, you know, Science Foundation. Basically, you know, who's the NSF? I didn't really know, but who's the NSF? I didn't really know, but who's the NSF? I didn't really know, but they got my attention when they said, they got my attention when they said, they got my attention when they said, "Well, Steve, we commercialize all "Well, Steve, we commercialize all "Well, Steve, we commercialize all science in the US. We think you invented science in the US. We think you invented science in the US. We think you invented the scientific method for the scientific method for the scientific method for entrepreneurship." Okay, you got my entrepreneurship." Okay, you got my entrepreneurship." Okay, you got my attention. So, we put on a class for attention. So, we put on a class for attention. So, we put on a class for them, 75 people, 25 of them were them, 75 people, 25 of them were them, 75 people, 25 of them were principal investigators, 25 teams. Class principal investigators, 25 teams. Class principal investigators, 25 teams. Class blew through their expectations. And blew through their expectations. And blew through their expectations. And then NSF says, "We're going to scale then NSF says, "We're going to scale then NSF says, "We're going to scale this across the country." Great, when this across the country." Great, when this across the country." Great, when can you do this? Great, I'm ready to go. can you do this? Great, I'm ready to go. can you do this? Great, I'm ready to go. Well, we'll run the next class in 30 Well, we'll run the next class in 30 Well, we'll run the next class in 30 days. Then I get a call, "Oh, our legal days. Then I get a call, "Oh, our legal days. Then I get a call, "Oh, our legal people said we're not allowed to move people said we're not allowed to move people said we're not allowed to move one budget line item for to another." one budget line item for to another." one budget line item for to another." Well, how much money do you need? Well, Well, how much money do you need? Well, Well, how much money do you need? Well, $30 million. Well, who needs to approve $30 million. Well, who needs to approve $30 million. Well, who needs to approve it, Steve? Wrong thing to tell me. Don't it, Steve? Wrong thing to tell me. Don't it, Steve? Wrong thing to tell me. Don't worry your little head, you know, our worry your little head, you know, our worry your little head, you know, our political people will take care of it political people will take care of it political people will take care of it with Congress, the House Science and with Congress, the House Science and with Congress, the House Science and Technology Committee Technology Committee Technology Committee are the people who need to approve this. are the people who need to approve this. are the people who need to approve this. We'll get it on the budget for next We'll get it on the budget for next We'll get it on the budget for next year. Never tell an entrepreneur, "Don't year. Never tell an entrepreneur, "Don't year. Never tell an entrepreneur, "Don't worry your little head." I had never worry your little head." I had never worry your little head." I had never done this before. I got on an airplane, done this before. I got on an airplane, done this before. I got on an airplane, got the list of people on the House got the list of people on the House got the list of people on the House Science and Technology Committee. Didn't Science and Technology Committee. Didn't Science and Technology Committee. Didn't even know. All you do is walk through a even know. All you do is walk through a even know. All you do is walk through a metal detector, and you could walk into metal detector, and you could walk into metal detector, and you could walk into any congressman's office and cold call any congressman's office and cold call any congressman's office and cold call them. And I did, till I found the them. And I did, till I found the them. And I did, till I found the congressman who got his master's degree congressman who got his master's degree congressman who got his master's degree from my department at Stanford, from my department at Stanford, from my department at Stanford, Congressman Lipinski. And Lipinski's Congressman Lipinski. And Lipinski's Congressman Lipinski. And Lipinski's chief of staff, the kind of the boss of chief of staff, the kind of the boss of chief of staff, the kind of the boss of the the the of the admin organization, said, "Huh, of the admin organization, said, "Huh, of the admin organization, said, "Huh, that's interesting. Congressman will that's interesting. Congressman will that's interesting. Congressman will give you 5 minutes." And I spoke to a give you 5 minutes." And I spoke to a give you 5 minutes." And I spoke to a bunch of other congressmen, but Lipinski bunch of other congressmen, but Lipinski bunch of other congressmen, but Lipinski comes out, we speak for 45 minutes. comes out, we speak for 45 minutes. comes out, we speak for 45 minutes. He says, "This is really interesting." He says, "This is really interesting." He says, "This is really interesting." And and that's it. I leave Washington, And and that's it. I leave Washington, And and that's it. I leave Washington, don't know if I made And all I was don't know if I made And all I was don't know if I made And all I was asking for, not I said, "I don't want asking for, not I said, "I don't want asking for, not I said, "I don't want money for me, I want you to move this money for me, I want you to move this money for me, I want you to move this line item." And they're going, "Why are line item." And they're going, "Why are line item." And they're going, "Why are you here? Do you work for the NSF?" No, you here? Do you work for the NSF?" No, you here? Do you work for the NSF?" No, I'm just a professor. This is a good I'm just a professor. This is a good I'm just a professor. This is a good class, they want it. That's all I want class, they want it. That's all I want class, they want it. That's all I want you guys to do. A day later, as I get you guys to do. A day later, as I get you guys to do. A day later, as I get back to the to Stanford, I get a call back to the to Stanford, I get a call back to the to Stanford, I get a call from Lapinski's chief of staff. The from Lapinski's chief of staff. The from Lapinski's chief of staff. The congressman said that you told him your congressman said that you told him your congressman said that you told him your next class starts on Tuesday. Is that next class starts on Tuesday. Is that next class starts on Tuesday. Is that true? Well, yes. The congressman will be true? Well, yes. The congressman will be true? Well, yes. The congressman will be flying out and attending your class. flying out and attending your class. flying out and attending your class. Lapinski flies out from Washington, sits Lapinski flies out from Washington, sits Lapinski flies out from Washington, sits through my lean launchpad class, we go through my lean launchpad class, we go through my lean launchpad class, we go out to dinner, looks me in the eye and out to dinner, looks me in the eye and out to dinner, looks me in the eye and says, "Is this really going to work for says, "Is this really going to work for says, "Is this really going to work for the country?" I said, "I guarantee it." the country?" I said, "I guarantee it." the country?" I said, "I guarantee it." What do I know? What do I know? What do I know? Absolutely. [snorts] Absolutely. [snorts] Absolutely. [snorts] &gt;&gt; Optimism you speak of. &gt;&gt; Optimism you speak of. &gt;&gt; Optimism you speak of. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Reality distortion field, &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Reality distortion field, &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Reality distortion field, big time. He doesn't say anything. big time. He doesn't say anything. big time. He doesn't say anything. Finish dinner, he goes back to Finish dinner, he goes back to Finish dinner, he goes back to Washington. 3 days later, I get a call Washington. 3 days later, I get a call Washington. 3 days later, I get a call from the National Science Foundation. from the National Science Foundation. from the National Science Foundation. "You're never going to believe what "You're never going to believe what "You're never going to believe what happened. Congress just gave us another happened. Congress just gave us another happened. Congress just gave us another $30 million in the middle of the" Maybe $30 million in the middle of the" Maybe $30 million in the middle of the" Maybe it was 3 weeks, but literally, it wasn't it was 3 weeks, but literally, it wasn't it was 3 weeks, but literally, it wasn't until 2 years later that I get the until 2 years later that I get the until 2 years later that I get the Innovators of the Year award from the Innovators of the Year award from the Innovators of the Year award from the National Science Foundation. Congressman National Science Foundation. Congressman National Science Foundation. Congressman Lapinski is there with the director Lapinski is there with the director Lapinski is there with the director giving it to me. He tells the story and giving it to me. He tells the story and giving it to me. He tells the story and the director of the National Science the director of the National Science the director of the National Science Foundation melts down. Foundation melts down. Foundation melts down. "You did what? For for how what?" "You did what? For for how what?" "You did what? For for how what?" Lapinski well Lapinski well Lapinski well served in Congress for 12 years. He served in Congress for 12 years. He served in Congress for 12 years. He still stays here at the ranch when he still stays here at the ranch when he still stays here at the ranch when he visits the West Coast. He says it was visits the West Coast. He says it was visits the West Coast. He says it was the most important thing he did in all the most important thing he did in all the most important thing he did in all his years in Congress. But the point his years in Congress. But the point his years in Congress. But the point wasn't the Steve story. The point was wasn't the Steve story. The point was wasn't the Steve story. The point was relentless and tenacious. You do not relentless and tenacious. You do not relentless and tenacious. You do not tell an entrepreneur no. For an tell an entrepreneur no. For an tell an entrepreneur no. For an entrepreneur, no is the beginning of a entrepreneur, no is the beginning of a entrepreneur, no is the beginning of a conversation. conversation. conversation. &gt;&gt; You embody so many traits that I think &gt;&gt; You embody so many traits that I think &gt;&gt; You embody so many traits that I think so many people who want to eventually so many people who want to eventually so many people who want to eventually start their own company start their own company start their own company &gt;&gt; And and and &gt;&gt; And and and &gt;&gt; And and and I knew none of this when I was young. I I knew none of this when I was young. I I knew none of this when I was young. I mean mean mean &gt;&gt; It just went to happen. &gt;&gt; It just went to happen. &gt;&gt; It just went to happen. &gt;&gt; When I took my shot, I worked with other &gt;&gt; When I took my shot, I worked with other &gt;&gt; When I took my shot, I worked with other people um and and watched as an people um and and watched as an people um and and watched as an apprentice. apprentice. apprentice. Now I watch my students at at 19, 20, 21 Now I watch my students at at 19, 20, 21 Now I watch my students at at 19, 20, 21 do this from first principles. Well, the do this from first principles. Well, the do this from first principles. Well, the good news is the internet makes all this good news is the internet makes all this good news is the internet makes all this stuff available and possible. But still stuff available and possible. But still stuff available and possible. But still there's value in actually, as you say, there's value in actually, as you say, there's value in actually, as you say, trying it, failed, watching other trying it, failed, watching other trying it, failed, watching other people, et cetera. So, I would I Trust people, et cetera. So, I would I Trust people, et cetera. So, I would I Trust me, I mean, was not me at 19. You didn't me, I mean, was not me at 19. You didn't me, I mean, was not me at 19. You didn't ask me what my best products were. ask me what my best products were. ask me what my best products were. &gt;&gt; Tell us. &gt;&gt; Tell us. &gt;&gt; Tell us. &gt;&gt; My two kids. My my two kids. &gt;&gt; My two kids. My my two kids. &gt;&gt; My two kids. My my two kids. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; So, one of the things and and I'm going &gt;&gt; So, one of the things and and I'm going &gt;&gt; So, one of the things and and I'm going to suggest this to 19-year-olds who to suggest this to 19-year-olds who to suggest this to 19-year-olds who someday will have their own children. I someday will have their own children. I someday will have their own children. I filmed my kids on the same spot every filmed my kids on the same spot every filmed my kids on the same spot every week for 18 years and when they week for 18 years and when they week for 18 years and when they graduated made them an 8-minute graduated made them an 8-minute graduated made them an 8-minute time-lapse movie, which is an Easter egg time-lapse movie, which is an Easter egg time-lapse movie, which is an Easter egg on my website. So, see if you could find on my website. So, see if you could find on my website. So, see if you could find it. it. it. And my my daughter just had her first And my my daughter just had her first And my my daughter just had her first grandchild. So, that's those are my best grandchild. So, that's those are my best grandchild. So, that's those are my best products. Those are the best things you products. Those are the best things you products. Those are the best things you could do. No one will give you a memo could do. No one will give you a memo could do. No one will give you a memo not to work hard or not to you know, not to work hard or not to you know, not to work hard or not to you know, give everything to work. And there is no give everything to work. And there is no give everything to work. And there is no such thing as a in entrepreneurship as such thing as a in entrepreneurship as such thing as a in entrepreneurship as work-life balance. work-life balance. work-life balance. But you got to decide that um But you got to decide that um But you got to decide that um you know, what do you want your you know, what do you want your you know, what do you want your tombstone to say? He never missed a tombstone to say? He never missed a tombstone to say? He never missed a meeting or he was a great father. And meeting or he was a great father. And meeting or he was a great father. And so, so, so, why I retired when my kids were 8 or 9 why I retired when my kids were 8 or 9 why I retired when my kids were 8 or 9 was to actually see them grow up. And was to actually see them grow up. And was to actually see them grow up. And you you don't get your report card until you you don't get your report card until you you don't get your report card until they leave and they decide where do they they leave and they decide where do they they leave and they decide where do they want to spend their vacation. Our kids want to spend their vacation. Our kids want to spend their vacation. Our kids still want to come home and they're in still want to come home and they're in still want to come home and they're in their 30s, so with their their 30s, so with their their 30s, so with their &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; now with their spouses, so it makes an &gt;&gt; now with their spouses, so it makes an &gt;&gt; now with their spouses, so it makes an interesting life. So, thank you. interesting life. So, thank you. interesting life. So, thank you. &gt;&gt; Steve, thank you so much for your &gt;&gt; Steve, thank you so much for your &gt;&gt; Steve, thank you so much for your &gt;&gt; Ash.
