Feeling good? Feeling good? Feeling good? Nah, it's all right. Let's do it. Nah, it's all right. Let's do it. Nah, it's all right. Let's do it. That was the Which one are we doing That was the Which one are we doing That was the Which one are we doing first? first? first? &gt;&gt; That was not the vote of confidence I &gt;&gt; That was not the vote of confidence I &gt;&gt; That was not the vote of confidence I wanted. We're ready to rock and roll, wanted. We're ready to rock and roll, wanted. We're ready to rock and roll, just like Yeah, let's go. Let's go. just like Yeah, let's go. Let's go. just like Yeah, let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Come on. Come on. Let's go. Come on. Come on. Let's go. Come on. Come on. &gt;&gt; That's what I need. That's the energy. I &gt;&gt; That's what I need. That's the energy. I &gt;&gt; That's what I need. That's the energy. I need I need I need you to need I need I need you to need I need I need you to Yeah, there it is. Oof. We got a half a Yeah, there it is. Oof. We got a half a Yeah, there it is. Oof. We got a half a million people depending on us if we million people depending on us if we million people depending on us if we whatever we say. whatever we say. whatever we say. &gt;&gt; going to know what to do if we're not &gt;&gt; going to know what to do if we're not &gt;&gt; going to know what to do if we're not pumped about it. We're in the streets. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Welcome to the AI Guys podcast, where we &gt;&gt; Welcome to the AI Guys podcast, where we &gt;&gt; Welcome to the AI Guys podcast, where we make artificial intelligence easy to make artificial intelligence easy to make artificial intelligence easy to understand for everyone. I'm your host, understand for everyone. I'm your host, understand for everyone. I'm your host, Lee Dixon, and as always, I'm joined by Lee Dixon, and as always, I'm joined by Lee Dixon, and as always, I'm joined by the CAPTCHA answer king, Rich Schwerin. the CAPTCHA answer king, Rich Schwerin. the CAPTCHA answer king, Rich Schwerin. How you doing today, man? Yeah, right? How you doing today, man? Yeah, right? How you doing today, man? Yeah, right? Doing great. I think I calculated I Doing great. I think I calculated I Doing great. I think I calculated I think I calculated that uh think I calculated that uh think I calculated that uh I I I I conservative estimate is uh 20 I I I I conservative estimate is uh 20 I I I I conservative estimate is uh 20 hours a year I spend doing 2FA. hours a year I spend doing 2FA. hours a year I spend doing 2FA. Really? Really? Really? &gt;&gt; Typing in you know where you got to get &gt;&gt; Typing in you know where you got to get &gt;&gt; Typing in you know where you got to get a 2FA and then you're a 2FA and then you're a 2FA and then you're &gt;&gt; Yeah, going to the authenticator app or &gt;&gt; Yeah, going to the authenticator app or &gt;&gt; Yeah, going to the authenticator app or you know waiting for the text to come you know waiting for the text to come you know waiting for the text to come through. 20 hours. through. 20 hours. through. 20 hours. 20 hours. 20 hours. 20 hours. Yeah, I calculated it. I kind of Yeah, I calculated it. I kind of Yeah, I calculated it. I kind of That's like that's like two that's like That's like that's like two that's like That's like that's like two that's like a whole day of my life every year. a whole day of my life every year. a whole day of my life every year. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I have to So I have to So I have to &gt;&gt; That's how much I care about the &gt;&gt; That's how much I care about the &gt;&gt; That's how much I care about the security. security. security. &gt;&gt; 1 2 3 as my password for everything, &gt;&gt; 1 2 3 as my password for everything, &gt;&gt; 1 2 3 as my password for everything, Rich. No, it doesn't matter. The 2FA you Rich. No, it doesn't matter. The 2FA you Rich. No, it doesn't matter. The 2FA you still got to do the 2FA. Yeah, that's still got to do the 2FA. Yeah, that's still got to do the 2FA. Yeah, that's fair. fair. fair. Well, if you don't have to turn it on, Well, if you don't have to turn it on, Well, if you don't have to turn it on, but yeah, it is it is ridiculous how but yeah, it is it is ridiculous how but yeah, it is it is ridiculous how much time we spend on it, but that's much time we spend on it, but that's much time we spend on it, but that's actually something we're going to talk actually something we're going to talk actually something we're going to talk about today for our everyone listening. about today for our everyone listening. about today for our everyone listening. We are going to touch on the security We are going to touch on the security We are going to touch on the security aspect around launching and deploying aspect around launching and deploying aspect around launching and deploying agents, managing them internally and agents, managing them internally and agents, managing them internally and everything like that. So, whether it's everything like that. So, whether it's everything like that. So, whether it's going down the path of, you know, going down the path of, you know, going down the path of, you know, securing the agent themselves through securing the agent themselves through securing the agent themselves through access and permissions, uh if you're access and permissions, uh if you're access and permissions, uh if you're trying to talk about even securing like trying to talk about even securing like trying to talk about even securing like the model around data, training, the model around data, training, the model around data, training, knowledge integrity, or that full life knowledge integrity, or that full life knowledge integrity, or that full life cycle of what it matters with monitoring cycle of what it matters with monitoring cycle of what it matters with monitoring and feedback, I figure we can give some and feedback, I figure we can give some and feedback, I figure we can give some quick highlights on what people should quick highlights on what people should quick highlights on what people should be thinking about as this adoption curve be thinking about as this adoption curve be thinking about as this adoption curve uh continues to only increase. uh continues to only increase. uh continues to only increase. Yeah, I mean security is a big element Yeah, I mean security is a big element Yeah, I mean security is a big element um um um that has a very vast and wide uh you that has a very vast and wide uh you that has a very vast and wide uh you know, you could talk about it for days know, you could talk about it for days know, you could talk about it for days if not weeks. Um if not weeks. Um if not weeks. Um you know, we're going to focus primarily you know, we're going to focus primarily you know, we're going to focus primarily on enterprise security cuz that's where on enterprise security cuz that's where on enterprise security cuz that's where we live, but um you know, we live, but um you know, we live, but um you know, there's also obviously with personal there's also obviously with personal there's also obviously with personal security, there's other elements that security, there's other elements that security, there's other elements that come into play. come into play. come into play. But you know, as far as the enterprise But you know, as far as the enterprise But you know, as far as the enterprise goes, when you're rolling out AI, goes, when you're rolling out AI, goes, when you're rolling out AI, um um um I think the top three things that we I think the top three things that we I think the top three things that we hear hear hear when we talk to customers are quite when we talk to customers are quite when we talk to customers are quite honestly, in my opinion, probably the honestly, in my opinion, probably the honestly, in my opinion, probably the least least least concerning things, but they seem to be concerning things, but they seem to be concerning things, but they seem to be the ones that are always kind of on top the ones that are always kind of on top the ones that are always kind of on top of mind. Um the first one is um of mind. Um the first one is um of mind. Um the first one is um you know, is your you know, is your you know, is your model training on my data, right? Or is model training on my data, right? Or is model training on my data, right? Or is this model training on my data, right? this model training on my data, right? this model training on my data, right? And I think this is one of those things And I think this is one of those things And I think this is one of those things that was like a boogeyman thing two that was like a boogeyman thing two that was like a boogeyman thing two three years ago. Mhm. And and and it and three years ago. Mhm. And and and it and three years ago. Mhm. And and and it and it just like what people don't if they it just like what people don't if they it just like what people don't if they don't understand AI or what a model is don't understand AI or what a model is don't understand AI or what a model is or how it works, they just kind of or how it works, they just kind of or how it works, they just kind of assume that that's the biggest risk. assume that that's the biggest risk. assume that that's the biggest risk. Quite honestly, Quite honestly, Quite honestly, um um um it is certainly worth noting. Uh but in it is certainly worth noting. Uh but in it is certainly worth noting. Uh but in most cases, I think all of the major most cases, I think all of the major most cases, I think all of the major players that offer models, if you're players that offer models, if you're players that offer models, if you're doing any sort of enterprise doing any sort of enterprise doing any sort of enterprise um integration with those models, like um integration with those models, like um integration with those models, like what we do, um they they they all what we do, um they they they all what we do, um they they they all basically say right off the bat, you basically say right off the bat, you basically say right off the bat, you know, we do not train on your data, know, we do not train on your data, know, we do not train on your data, right? Because they understand that right? Because they understand that right? Because they understand that enterprise data is very sensitive. enterprise data is very sensitive. enterprise data is very sensitive. The data that they do train on The data that they do train on The data that they do train on is obviously consumer engagement data, is obviously consumer engagement data, is obviously consumer engagement data, right? So, that's the the person who's right? So, that's the the person who's right? So, that's the the person who's using ChatGPT for free or for a low a using ChatGPT for free or for a low a using ChatGPT for free or for a low a low amount of money um that's talking to low amount of money um that's talking to low amount of money um that's talking to the AI and and and basically doing human the AI and and and basically doing human the AI and and and basically doing human feedback, right? You're kind of doing feedback, right? You're kind of doing feedback, right? You're kind of doing machine learning there. Um machine learning there. Um machine learning there. Um Unless you opt out of it, right? Which Unless you opt out of it, right? Which Unless you opt out of it, right? Which they have that option to do. Um you they have that option to do. Um you they have that option to do. Um you know, by default, they're going to train know, by default, they're going to train know, by default, they're going to train on your data because that's how the AI on your data because that's how the AI on your data because that's how the AI gets smarter. And they're assuming that gets smarter. And they're assuming that gets smarter. And they're assuming that um you know this, just like, you know, um you know this, just like, you know, um you know this, just like, you know, that you're participating in this, no that you're participating in this, no that you're participating in this, no different than like different than like different than like um how when you use social media, you um how when you use social media, you um how when you use social media, you know, they're selling your data to know, they're selling your data to know, they're selling your data to advertisers, you know, and advertisers, you know, and advertisers, you know, and and and that's how they're that's the and and that's how they're that's the and and that's how they're that's the revenue model, right? Is like revenue model, right? Is like revenue model, right? Is like And these models get better because of And these models get better because of And these models get better because of that. This is one of the reasons why that. This is one of the reasons why that. This is one of the reasons why OpenAI OpenAI OpenAI uh maintains its leadership for the most uh maintains its leadership for the most uh maintains its leadership for the most part in what I would call the part in what I would call the part in what I would call the generalized generalized generalized LLM models is because they have so many LLM models is because they have so many LLM models is because they have so many users using it every day that it can users using it every day that it can users using it every day that it can consistently learn and can train on that consistently learn and can train on that consistently learn and can train on that information. Now, training on training information. Now, training on training information. Now, training on training on data doesn't necessarily mean that if on data doesn't necessarily mean that if on data doesn't necessarily mean that if I put my social security number in I put my social security number in I put my social security number in there, That's going to be stored there, That's going to be stored there, That's going to be stored &gt;&gt; that's going to be Hey, what's Rich &gt;&gt; that's going to be Hey, what's Rich &gt;&gt; that's going to be Hey, what's Rich Schwerin's social security number? Schwerin's social security number? Schwerin's social security number? Um Um Um what it means is that what it means is that what it means is that OpenAI is collecting all of your OpenAI is collecting all of your OpenAI is collecting all of your conversations and conversations and conversations and conversations and conversations and conversations and messages. It's putting it into a messages. It's putting it into a messages. It's putting it into a database, right? Cuz remember, a a large database, right? Cuz remember, a a large database, right? Cuz remember, a a large language model is a read-only database language model is a read-only database language model is a read-only database when it's when it when you're actually when it's when it when you're actually when it's when it when you're actually communicating with it. It's not like communicating with it. It's not like communicating with it. It's not like sucking in your data real time and like sucking in your data real time and like sucking in your data real time and like consuming it like this massive like consuming it like this massive like consuming it like this massive like black hole. black hole. black hole. Um Um Um What data goes into a another database, What data goes into a another database, What data goes into a another database, right? Just like if you're on Google and right? Just like if you're on Google and right? Just like if you're on Google and you're using your email, your emails are you're using your email, your emails are you're using your email, your emails are in a Google database. If you're on in a Google database. If you're on in a Google database. If you're on Instagram, your photos and your chat Instagram, your photos and your chat Instagram, your photos and your chat messages are in a database. And the messages are in a database. And the messages are in a database. And the question is what that company is doing question is what that company is doing question is what that company is doing with that data. Uh if they're with that data. Uh if they're with that data. Uh if they're sharing that data, selling that data, or sharing that data, selling that data, or sharing that data, selling that data, or using that data to train their model, using that data to train their model, using that data to train their model, this is something that you should be this is something that you should be this is something that you should be aware of. Now, on the enterprise side, aware of. Now, on the enterprise side, aware of. Now, on the enterprise side, uh for all intents and purposes, um I I uh for all intents and purposes, um I I uh for all intents and purposes, um I I think you're safe completely safe and think you're safe completely safe and think you're safe completely safe and that that's no longer a uh a major that that's no longer a uh a major that that's no longer a uh a major concern. It's a good question to ask and concern. It's a good question to ask and concern. It's a good question to ask and and and confirm, but like OpenAI and and confirm, but like OpenAI and and confirm, but like OpenAI enterprise, Google enterprise, enterprise, Google enterprise, enterprise, Google enterprise, Anthropic, they all follow the same Anthropic, they all follow the same Anthropic, they all follow the same basic playbook, which is we're not going basic playbook, which is we're not going basic playbook, which is we're not going to train on your enterprise data. And to train on your enterprise data. And to train on your enterprise data. And they don't really need to uh because they don't really need to uh because they don't really need to uh because they have uh the training happening on they have uh the training happening on they have uh the training happening on the on the other side. Yeah, there's the on the other side. Yeah, there's the on the other side. Yeah, there's plenty there's plenty of activity that's plenty there's plenty of activity that's plenty there's plenty of activity that's already taken taken shape, right? Where already taken taken shape, right? Where already taken taken shape, right? Where they don't really need to be thinking of they don't really need to be thinking of they don't really need to be thinking of it in in that larger plan. And it also it in in that larger plan. And it also it in in that larger plan. And it also when you're training on your data, there when you're training on your data, there when you're training on your data, there might be proprietary elements like your might be proprietary elements like your might be proprietary elements like your code or or your documentation or your code or or your documentation or your code or or your documentation or your you know, your customer base or you know, your customer base or you know, your customer base or something like that that you're that something like that that you're that something like that that you're that you're sending back and forth to the you're sending back and forth to the you're sending back and forth to the model. But remember, it's only the model. But remember, it's only the model. But remember, it's only the conversations that are being sent, conversations that are being sent, conversations that are being sent, right? At at to the to the model itself. right? At at to the to the model itself. right? At at to the to the model itself. And then what they do with those And then what they do with those And then what they do with those conversations, they probably create conversations, they probably create conversations, they probably create derivative data from that. So, they derivative data from that. So, they derivative data from that. So, they don't take it wholesale. They probably don't take it wholesale. They probably don't take it wholesale. They probably do a good job of cleaning out PII. They do a good job of cleaning out PII. They do a good job of cleaning out PII. They clean out all that other stuff cuz they clean out all that other stuff cuz they clean out all that other stuff cuz they don't want you know, they are they're as don't want you know, they are they're as don't want you know, they are they're as much at risk as you are at exposing much at risk as you are at exposing much at risk as you are at exposing personal information. In fact, OpenAI personal information. In fact, OpenAI personal information. In fact, OpenAI has done a great job. If you're even in has done a great job. If you're even in has done a great job. If you're even in ChatGPT and you say, "Hey, I want you to ChatGPT and you say, "Hey, I want you to ChatGPT and you say, "Hey, I want you to save my social security number." It it save my social security number." It it save my social security number." It it won't do it because it it it so it won't do it because it it it so it won't do it because it it it so it already has blockers Right. already has blockers Right. already has blockers Right. &gt;&gt; uh in place for that uh because they &gt;&gt; uh in place for that uh because they &gt;&gt; uh in place for that uh because they want to maintain their SOC 2 compliance want to maintain their SOC 2 compliance want to maintain their SOC 2 compliance and so forth. So, I think the models and so forth. So, I think the models and so forth. So, I think the models have done a great job of of of of have done a great job of of of of have done a great job of of of of knocking that one down, but it's still a knocking that one down, but it's still a knocking that one down, but it's still a good question to ask. The second thing good question to ask. The second thing good question to ask. The second thing that I hear a lot about is, you know, um that I hear a lot about is, you know, um that I hear a lot about is, you know, um and it's kind of a misnomer, is, you and it's kind of a misnomer, is, you and it's kind of a misnomer, is, you know, uh I don't want uh these the the know, uh I don't want uh these the the know, uh I don't want uh these the the AI to be able to access my bank account AI to be able to access my bank account AI to be able to access my bank account or access my information, so I don't use or access my information, so I don't use or access my information, so I don't use AI because you know, I've got my tin AI because you know, I've got my tin AI because you know, I've got my tin foil hat and I feel like if the minute I foil hat and I feel like if the minute I foil hat and I feel like if the minute I start doing something in ChatGPT, that I start doing something in ChatGPT, that I start doing something in ChatGPT, that I that AI is going to figure out how to that AI is going to figure out how to that AI is going to figure out how to hack into my bank account. And that the hack into my bank account. And that the hack into my bank account. And that the reality is is that reality is is that reality is is that AI is nothing more than just a read-only AI is nothing more than just a read-only AI is nothing more than just a read-only database, a very powerful database, database, a very powerful database, database, a very powerful database, on top and there's a layer of software on top and there's a layer of software on top and there's a layer of software on top of that, which is aka ChatGPT or on top of that, which is aka ChatGPT or on top of that, which is aka ChatGPT or Microsoft Copilot or Rhea or Anthropic Microsoft Copilot or Rhea or Anthropic Microsoft Copilot or Rhea or Anthropic Claude. So, there is a layer of Claude. So, there is a layer of Claude. So, there is a layer of software, just like everything else that software, just like everything else that software, just like everything else that you engage with on the internet. Uh but you engage with on the internet. Uh but you engage with on the internet. Uh but the LLM itself is not just like the LLM itself is not just like the LLM itself is not just like dangerous component. It's really there dangerous component. It's really there dangerous component. It's really there just to service and to be prompted. You just to service and to be prompted. You just to service and to be prompted. You ask it a question, it gives you an ask it a question, it gives you an ask it a question, it gives you an answer. Now, some of these products like answer. Now, some of these products like answer. Now, some of these products like ChatGPT and others allow you to connect ChatGPT and others allow you to connect ChatGPT and others allow you to connect to third-party services, right? You can to third-party services, right? You can to third-party services, right? You can connect to your Gmail connect to your Gmail connect to your Gmail and you can connect to your Google and you can connect to your Google and you can connect to your Google Drive. And that's probably an area where Drive. And that's probably an area where Drive. And that's probably an area where there I would say there is some concern, there I would say there is some concern, there I would say there is some concern, but it's not like just because it can but it's not like just because it can but it's not like just because it can connect to a third-party service through connect to a third-party service through connect to a third-party service through an API, that suddenly it's going to an API, that suddenly it's going to an API, that suddenly it's going to drain your bank account because AI is drain your bank account because AI is drain your bank account because AI is evil. Um but that being said, when you evil. Um but that being said, when you evil. Um but that being said, when you do connect to these third-party do connect to these third-party do connect to these third-party services, whether it be your Gmail or services, whether it be your Gmail or services, whether it be your Gmail or whether it be your Google Drive, you are whether it be your Google Drive, you are whether it be your Google Drive, you are certainly uh expanding the blast radius certainly uh expanding the blast radius certainly uh expanding the blast radius of what that AI has access to. of what that AI has access to. of what that AI has access to. &gt;&gt; Exposure. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Exposure. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Exposure. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. Now, it would be limited to what &gt;&gt; Right. Now, it would be limited to what &gt;&gt; Right. Now, it would be limited to what it could do there, right? Yeah. It can't it could do there, right? Yeah. It can't it could do there, right? Yeah. It can't necessarily delete it, you know, necessarily delete it, you know, necessarily delete it, you know, necessarily unless you give it access to necessarily unless you give it access to necessarily unless you give it access to at that level. at that level. at that level. &gt;&gt; and write, yeah. Right. Right. But yeah, &gt;&gt; and write, yeah. Right. Right. But yeah, &gt;&gt; and write, yeah. Right. Right. But yeah, you are basically saying you have access you are basically saying you have access you are basically saying you have access to these other tools. So, obviously, to these other tools. So, obviously, to these other tools. So, obviously, there should be some caution there. But there should be some caution there. But there should be some caution there. But to go to the degree of uh of of thinking to go to the degree of uh of of thinking to go to the degree of uh of of thinking that AI is somehow smart enough to find that AI is somehow smart enough to find that AI is somehow smart enough to find its way or watch what you're doing on its way or watch what you're doing on its way or watch what you're doing on your on your uh you know, with your with your on your uh you know, with your with your on your uh you know, with your with your bank and so forth and and scanning your bank and so forth and and scanning your bank and so forth and and scanning that as a hacker's tool is a little bit that as a hacker's tool is a little bit that as a hacker's tool is a little bit outside of the realm. Yeah. Of course, outside of the realm. Yeah. Of course, outside of the realm. Yeah. Of course, unless you're talking about specifically unless you're talking about specifically unless you're talking about specifically applications, uh which we'll talk about applications, uh which we'll talk about applications, uh which we'll talk about in future episodes, where you're in future episodes, where you're in future episodes, where you're installing something like, for example, installing something like, for example, installing something like, for example, um OpenClaw or something that has um OpenClaw or something that has um OpenClaw or something that has command over your desktop, well, then I command over your desktop, well, then I command over your desktop, well, then I would say yes, then there are serious would say yes, then there are serious would say yes, then there are serious security issues that you have to be you security issues that you have to be you security issues that you have to be you have to write a red flag for. But if have to write a red flag for. But if have to write a red flag for. But if you're working just through the browser, you're working just through the browser, you're working just through the browser, just through the hosted version of of of just through the hosted version of of of just through the hosted version of of of of ChatGPT or any other application, of ChatGPT or any other application, of ChatGPT or any other application, just be aware that you're when you're just be aware that you're when you're just be aware that you're when you're connecting to a service that your your connecting to a service that your your connecting to a service that your your AI is accessing that to get more context AI is accessing that to get more context AI is accessing that to get more context about what you're prompting it, about what you're prompting it, about what you're prompting it, but that doesn't necessarily mean that but that doesn't necessarily mean that but that doesn't necessarily mean that it's going to have like this full it's going to have like this full it's going to have like this full control over everything. control over everything. control over everything. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, it's interesting, too, &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, it's interesting, too, &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, it's interesting, too, because I feel like AI literacy today because I feel like AI literacy today because I feel like AI literacy today has never been more important. Right? has never been more important. Right? has never been more important. Right? So, like knowing what you're actually So, like knowing what you're actually So, like knowing what you're actually trying to accomplish and knowing what trying to accomplish and knowing what trying to accomplish and knowing what tools or what services you're using to tools or what services you're using to tools or what services you're using to accomplish that is is probably the area accomplish that is is probably the area accomplish that is is probably the area that most just general users of AI are that most just general users of AI are that most just general users of AI are probably the weakest because, you know, probably the weakest because, you know, probably the weakest because, you know, they're like you said, there's that fear they're like you said, there's that fear they're like you said, there's that fear that might exist there or it's the that might exist there or it's the that might exist there or it's the unknown or maybe it's like the cutting unknown or maybe it's like the cutting unknown or maybe it's like the cutting the corners aspect. Like I'm going to the corners aspect. Like I'm going to the corners aspect. Like I'm going to use, you know, this uh cool.ai tool that use, you know, this uh cool.ai tool that use, you know, this uh cool.ai tool that I found and you know, you have no I found and you know, you have no I found and you know, you have no understanding about who built it, what understanding about who built it, what understanding about who built it, what it does, like where it's at and that's it does, like where it's at and that's it does, like where it's at and that's kind of some of the, you know, risks kind of some of the, you know, risks kind of some of the, you know, risks you've seen with the the local hosted you've seen with the the local hosted you've seen with the the local hosted stuff is like, oh yeah, I spun this stuff is like, oh yeah, I spun this stuff is like, oh yeah, I spun this thing up that does all this cool stuff thing up that does all this cool stuff thing up that does all this cool stuff and then they go to bed and they wake up and then they go to bed and they wake up and then they go to bed and they wake up and, you know, their entire life is and, you know, their entire life is and, you know, their entire life is ruined cuz it's gone through cuz they ruined cuz it's gone through cuz they ruined cuz it's gone through cuz they didn't understand the permissions. They didn't understand the permissions. They didn't understand the permissions. They didn't understand what they actually didn't understand what they actually didn't understand what they actually gave it access to. So it just went gave it access to. So it just went gave it access to. So it just went through its system process of everything through its system process of everything through its system process of everything it's supposed to do and made decisions it's supposed to do and made decisions it's supposed to do and made decisions based on that, you know, either guide based on that, you know, either guide based on that, you know, either guide rail or lack thereof. And if you don't rail or lack thereof. And if you don't rail or lack thereof. And if you don't know what you're actually doing with it, know what you're actually doing with it, know what you're actually doing with it, please for the love of God, just pump please for the love of God, just pump please for the love of God, just pump the brakes and actually understand what the brakes and actually understand what the brakes and actually understand what you're about to put in play because I you're about to put in play because I you're about to put in play because I think that's what matters now more than think that's what matters now more than think that's what matters now more than ever. Yeah, yeah, and that brings me to ever. Yeah, yeah, and that brings me to ever. Yeah, yeah, and that brings me to the third part, which is these other the third part, which is these other the third part, which is these other tools that you mentioned, right? The tools that you mentioned, right? The tools that you mentioned, right? The There's a tremendous amount of open There's a tremendous amount of open There's a tremendous amount of open source products out there. There's a source products out there. There's a source products out there. There's a tremendous amount of like dot AI tremendous amount of like dot AI tremendous amount of like dot AI products out there, right? So you you products out there, right? So you you products out there, right? So you you could like my wife the other day or could like my wife the other day or could like my wife the other day or before she when she started getting into before she when she started getting into before she when she started getting into Chat GPT, Chat GPT, Chat GPT, I said, oh, she should download Chat GPT I said, oh, she should download Chat GPT I said, oh, she should download Chat GPT on your phone and and and when you go on your phone and and and when you go on your phone and and and when you go and you go on a and you go on a and you go on a on an iPhone, you search Chat GPT, on an iPhone, you search Chat GPT, on an iPhone, you search Chat GPT, there's like 30 apps there's like 30 apps there's like 30 apps &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; that all look exactly like Open AI, use &gt;&gt; that all look exactly like Open AI, use &gt;&gt; that all look exactly like Open AI, use the same logo and she downloaded a the same logo and she downloaded a the same logo and she downloaded a A knockoff, basically. A knockoff, basically. A knockoff, basically. &gt;&gt; knockoff, right? And she's like, I &gt;&gt; knockoff, right? And she's like, I &gt;&gt; knockoff, right? And she's like, I didn't realize you that you had to pay didn't realize you that you had to pay didn't realize you that you had to pay this much money and I was like, wait, this much money and I was like, wait, this much money and I was like, wait, what and I was like, what is that Why what and I was like, what is that Why what and I was like, what is that Why does it look so different on an iPhone? does it look so different on an iPhone? does it look so different on an iPhone? I was like, no, she you downloaded, you I was like, no, she you downloaded, you I was like, no, she you downloaded, you know, a basically a wrapper. Yeah. know, a basically a wrapper. Yeah. know, a basically a wrapper. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And it had ads, you know. So &gt;&gt; And it had ads, you know. So &gt;&gt; And it had ads, you know. So yes, I mean, I think it's yes, I mean, I think it's yes, I mean, I think it's extraordinarily important that there is extraordinarily important that there is extraordinarily important that there is a large amount of of applications coming a large amount of of applications coming a large amount of of applications coming in and being built that look and feel in and being built that look and feel in and being built that look and feel exactly like Chat GPT. You'll see, you exactly like Chat GPT. You'll see, you exactly like Chat GPT. You'll see, you know, you're on Instagram, you're know, you're on Instagram, you're know, you're on Instagram, you're scrolling like, oh, look at this. I You scrolling like, oh, look at this. I You scrolling like, oh, look at this. I You can talk to all the models, right? And can talk to all the models, right? And can talk to all the models, right? And there's all these different wrapper type there's all these different wrapper type there's all these different wrapper type technologies. I would definitely put put technologies. I would definitely put put technologies. I would definitely put put a big caution on that as your point a big caution on that as your point a big caution on that as your point clearly said, which is because most of clearly said, which is because most of clearly said, which is because most of those companies those companies those companies are capturing your data and just because are capturing your data and just because are capturing your data and just because Open AI, which is what they're probably Open AI, which is what they're probably Open AI, which is what they're probably using as a or Claude or or Google using as a or Claude or or Google using as a or Claude or or Google models, even though they're using those models, even though they're using those models, even though they're using those models and the experience is very models and the experience is very models and the experience is very similar, right? They're you're still similar, right? They're you're still similar, right? They're you're still talking to it as if it was like Chat talking to it as if it was like Chat talking to it as if it was like Chat GPT. That third party is grabbing that GPT. That third party is grabbing that GPT. That third party is grabbing that data and putting into its own database data and putting into its own database data and putting into its own database and and and they don't necessarily have and and and they don't necessarily have and and and they don't necessarily have to to to follow the rules, if you will. They can follow the rules, if you will. They can follow the rules, if you will. They can do whatever they want with that data. do whatever they want with that data. do whatever they want with that data. They could also, you know, insert ads They could also, you know, insert ads They could also, you know, insert ads and sell that data and so forth. So and sell that data and so forth. So and sell that data and so forth. So yeah, I mean, I think in typically what yeah, I mean, I think in typically what yeah, I mean, I think in typically what you would want to stray away from is any you would want to stray away from is any you would want to stray away from is any sort of technology. If you're using sort of technology. If you're using sort of technology. If you're using another app, make sure that, you know, another app, make sure that, you know, another app, make sure that, you know, you you do your due diligence and make you you do your due diligence and make you you do your due diligence and make sure that app is what it is, what it sure that app is what it is, what it sure that app is what it is, what it says it is, says it is, says it is, you know, and probably dig a little bit you know, and probably dig a little bit you know, and probably dig a little bit deeper deeper deeper into into into what ultimately what what you need that what ultimately what what you need that what ultimately what what you need that app for, right? I mean, for the most app for, right? I mean, for the most app for, right? I mean, for the most part, like the things you definitely part, like the things you definitely part, like the things you definitely want to stay away from is like the want to stay away from is like the want to stay away from is like the clones, right? Oh, oh, where it's like clones, right? Oh, oh, where it's like clones, right? Oh, oh, where it's like they're pretending to be Chat GPT and they're pretending to be Chat GPT and they're pretending to be Chat GPT and you accidentally downloaded it and now you accidentally downloaded it and now you accidentally downloaded it and now you're talking to a third party thinking you're talking to a third party thinking you're talking to a third party thinking that it's Open AI, thinking that they're that it's Open AI, thinking that they're that it's Open AI, thinking that they're following the rules and they're not, following the rules and they're not, following the rules and they're not, right? So those are like the three right? So those are like the three right? So those are like the three things that I think at a baseline things that I think at a baseline things that I think at a baseline is kind of been like the core what I is kind of been like the core what I is kind of been like the core what I what we hear like right off the bat, what we hear like right off the bat, what we hear like right off the bat, right? Yeah. And and then when you dig right? Yeah. And and then when you dig right? Yeah. And and then when you dig deeper though and you really get into deeper though and you really get into deeper though and you really get into the kind of more scary component of the kind of more scary component of the kind of more scary component of security, you're you're you're talking security, you're you're you're talking security, you're you're you're talking about more on the enterprise side. So about more on the enterprise side. So about more on the enterprise side. So one of the things that I think first and one of the things that I think first and one of the things that I think first and foremost probably should be like really foremost probably should be like really foremost probably should be like really clear when you're thinking about AI clear when you're thinking about AI clear when you're thinking about AI inside of your business, right? Is that inside of your business, right? Is that inside of your business, right? Is that it's a it's a it's a it's a huge multiplier. It's also a it's a huge multiplier. It's also a it's a huge multiplier. It's also a massive accelerator, which means that massive accelerator, which means that massive accelerator, which means that more people use it, the more value they more people use it, the more value they more people use it, the more value they get quicker. And so they're going to get quicker. And so they're going to get quicker. And so they're going to want to use more and so you want to make want to use more and so you want to make want to use more and so you want to make sure that what wherever you start off sure that what wherever you start off sure that what wherever you start off introducing AI into your business, introducing AI into your business, introducing AI into your business, you want to make sure that you were you want to make sure that you were you want to make sure that you were prepared and isolating, you know, what prepared and isolating, you know, what prepared and isolating, you know, what tools that they potentially are going to tools that they potentially are going to tools that they potentially are going to want to use at scale and and give them want to use at scale and and give them want to use at scale and and give them instruction and give them guidance on instruction and give them guidance on instruction and give them guidance on that on day one instead of saying do not that on day one instead of saying do not that on day one instead of saying do not use AI, use AI, use AI, what's going to happen is when you say what's going to happen is when you say what's going to happen is when you say do not use AI, they're going to still do not use AI, they're going to still do not use AI, they're going to still use AI. They're going to work around the use AI. They're going to work around the use AI. They're going to work around the system, but now you're going They're not system, but now you're going They're not system, but now you're going They're not going to tell you about it. And they're going to tell you about it. And they're going to tell you about it. And they're going to have and then then you have a going to have and then then you have a going to have and then then you have a hundred people using a hundred different hundred people using a hundred different hundred people using a hundred different tools of which a a handful of those tools of which a a handful of those tools of which a a handful of those hundred tools are definitely not ones hundred tools are definitely not ones hundred tools are definitely not ones you want them to use. So instead of kind you want them to use. So instead of kind you want them to use. So instead of kind of taking this like parenting approach of taking this like parenting approach of taking this like parenting approach of do not go outside, right? Because of do not go outside, right? Because of do not go outside, right? Because there's dangerous people outside. Yeah. there's dangerous people outside. Yeah. there's dangerous people outside. Yeah. Maybe hyper focus that messaging on I Maybe hyper focus that messaging on I Maybe hyper focus that messaging on I know you're going to go outside, but know you're going to go outside, but know you're going to go outside, but don't talk to anybody you don't know or, don't talk to anybody you don't know or, don't talk to anybody you don't know or, you know, like be more specific. you know, like be more specific. you know, like be more specific. &gt;&gt; you can talk to Mrs. Jones down the &gt;&gt; you can talk to Mrs. Jones down the &gt;&gt; you can talk to Mrs. Jones down the street, but street, but street, but but like not the guy in the van. Right, but like not the guy in the van. Right, but like not the guy in the van. Right, right. No no white vans kind of thing. right. No no white vans kind of thing. right. No no white vans kind of thing. So like it's better to have a strategy So like it's better to have a strategy So like it's better to have a strategy around around around hey, here are the tools that we've hey, here are the tools that we've hey, here are the tools that we've authorized that we feel that are good authorized that we feel that are good authorized that we feel that are good and for what purpose and what use case and for what purpose and what use case and for what purpose and what use case you want to use them for. It might be a you want to use them for. It might be a you want to use them for. It might be a limited use case. Like if you're going limited use case. Like if you're going limited use case. Like if you're going to build a video or you're building a to build a video or you're building a to build a video or you're building a presentation or if you need to have a presentation or if you need to have a presentation or if you need to have a generalized LLM chat agent, you know, generalized LLM chat agent, you know, generalized LLM chat agent, you know, here are the tools that we've that we, here are the tools that we've that we, here are the tools that we've that we, you know, feel comfortable with. you know, feel comfortable with. you know, feel comfortable with. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Right. Because if you don't, &gt;&gt; Yeah. Right. Because if you don't, &gt;&gt; Yeah. Right. Because if you don't, what's going to happen is there's going what's going to happen is there's going what's going to happen is there's going to be sprawl, right? There's going to be to be sprawl, right? There's going to be to be sprawl, right? There's going to be people using everything and you won't be people using everything and you won't be people using everything and you won't be able to pull it back. Yeah, yeah, but able to pull it back. Yeah, yeah, but able to pull it back. Yeah, yeah, but but it's back to that AI literacy piece, but it's back to that AI literacy piece, but it's back to that AI literacy piece, right? Like now you're thinking of less right? Like now you're thinking of less right? Like now you're thinking of less on the consumer side or like maybe a on the consumer side or like maybe a on the consumer side or like maybe a small business side and at the small business side and at the small business side and at the enterprise level, it's like somebody enterprise level, it's like somebody enterprise level, it's like somebody inside doesn't necessarily have to know inside doesn't necessarily have to know inside doesn't necessarily have to know everything about AI, but has to have everything about AI, but has to have everything about AI, but has to have some type of guideline. That's just some type of guideline. That's just some type of guideline. That's just stating like, look, you know, here's stating like, look, you know, here's stating like, look, you know, here's some tools we've already done research some tools we've already done research some tools we've already done research on that we believe are good. If you're on that we believe are good. If you're on that we believe are good. If you're utilizing a platform, something like utilizing a platform, something like utilizing a platform, something like Areya, you know, having your security Areya, you know, having your security Areya, you know, having your security team, your legal team, whoever like go team, your legal team, whoever like go team, your legal team, whoever like go through the process with whoever's about through the process with whoever's about through the process with whoever's about to use it. So that way there's no to use it. So that way there's no to use it. So that way there's no unknowns, there's no questions. unknowns, there's no questions. unknowns, there's no questions. Everyone's on the same page about what's Everyone's on the same page about what's Everyone's on the same page about what's going to actually take place. going to actually take place. going to actually take place. Yeah, yeah. And so and then once you've Yeah, yeah. And so and then once you've Yeah, yeah. And so and then once you've kind of outlined your policy of what kind of outlined your policy of what kind of outlined your policy of what tools and what what to use, you also tools and what what to use, you also tools and what what to use, you also want to make sure that if people need to want to make sure that if people need to want to make sure that if people need to use a different tool, you know, they use a different tool, you know, they use a different tool, you know, they have a way to register it or a way to have a way to register it or a way to have a way to register it or a way to say, hey, I I, you know, I need to use say, hey, I I, you know, I need to use say, hey, I I, you know, I need to use Suno to generate a song or something, Suno to generate a song or something, Suno to generate a song or something, which is like an outlier example, but, which is like an outlier example, but, which is like an outlier example, but, you know, you say, all right, let me go you know, you say, all right, let me go you know, you say, all right, let me go check it out, you know, go through the check it out, you know, go through the check it out, you know, go through the process of of doing vendor, you know, process of of doing vendor, you know, process of of doing vendor, you know, and then add it to the list, right? And and then add it to the list, right? And and then add it to the list, right? And and then so that's that's the easy part, and then so that's that's the easy part, and then so that's that's the easy part, honestly. I I would say most companies honestly. I I would say most companies honestly. I I would say most companies that we've engaged with have some form that we've engaged with have some form that we've engaged with have some form of that, but it's good to talk about of that, but it's good to talk about of that, but it's good to talk about like what the baseline of what you like what the baseline of what you like what the baseline of what you should start thinking about because you should start thinking about because you should start thinking about because you want people to adopt, you want people to want people to adopt, you want people to want people to adopt, you want people to use, use, use, but you also want to make sure that, you but you also want to make sure that, you but you also want to make sure that, you know, you know, you know, you you keep them to the tool set that you you keep them to the tool set that you you keep them to the tool set that you trust. Mhm. And so the natural trust. Mhm. And so the natural trust. Mhm. And so the natural conclusion of that, conclusion of that, conclusion of that, you know, moving away from tools, you know, moving away from tools, you know, moving away from tools, you start to get into this what happens you start to get into this what happens you start to get into this what happens in the natural evolution of an in the natural evolution of an in the natural evolution of an enterprise is they go from tools to enterprise is they go from tools to enterprise is they go from tools to current and crossing this chasm into current and crossing this chasm into current and crossing this chasm into this agentic world, right? Like, okay, this agentic world, right? Like, okay, this agentic world, right? Like, okay, now I want to use agents. I want to now I want to use agents. I want to now I want to use agents. I want to deploy more agentic solutions. deploy more agentic solutions. deploy more agentic solutions. I want to integrate agents into I want to integrate agents into I want to integrate agents into workflows. I want to tie agents and give workflows. I want to tie agents and give workflows. I want to tie agents and give them access to our third-party them access to our third-party them access to our third-party applications, our SaaS apps. applications, our SaaS apps. applications, our SaaS apps. So that's when you start to get into a a So that's when you start to get into a a So that's when you start to get into a a completely different type of paradigm completely different type of paradigm completely different type of paradigm when it comes to security because when it comes to security because when it comes to security because ultimately ultimately ultimately you have to take an approach of, okay, you have to take an approach of, okay, you have to take an approach of, okay, what am I trying to accomplish with this what am I trying to accomplish with this what am I trying to accomplish with this agent? What does it need? What agency do agent? What does it need? What agency do agent? What does it need? What agency do I need to give it? What access do I need I need to give it? What access do I need I need to give it? What access do I need to give it to it to to to to actually do to give it to it to to to to actually do to give it to it to to to to actually do what I need it to do functionally? Cuz what I need it to do functionally? Cuz what I need it to do functionally? Cuz if I could get it to do X, Y, and Z, if I could get it to do X, Y, and Z, if I could get it to do X, Y, and Z, that's a huge time saver. That's a huge that's a huge time saver. That's a huge that's a huge time saver. That's a huge productivity gain for me. productivity gain for me. productivity gain for me. And then limit it it its its And then limit it it its its And then limit it it its its capabilities based on that, right? So capabilities based on that, right? So capabilities based on that, right? So it's a functional scope of instead of it's a functional scope of instead of it's a functional scope of instead of giving AI access to everything, you say, giving AI access to everything, you say, giving AI access to everything, you say, I need this AI to be able to insert a I need this AI to be able to insert a I need this AI to be able to insert a an API access, you give it that limited an API access, you give it that limited an API access, you give it that limited endpoint and you give it that access endpoint and you give it that access endpoint and you give it that access and you have a zero trust approach. The and you have a zero trust approach. The and you have a zero trust approach. The concern I have right now is that concern I have right now is that concern I have right now is that most companies most companies most companies who are are who are going from who are are who are going from who are are who are going from tool-based implementations to kind of tool-based implementations to kind of tool-based implementations to kind of graduating to what I would call graduating to what I would call graduating to what I would call enterprise-wide enterprise-wide enterprise-wide rollout of those tools and or agentic rollout of those tools and or agentic rollout of those tools and or agentic approach is that it all starts at the approach is that it all starts at the approach is that it all starts at the workspace. So whether it's Google workspace. So whether it's Google workspace. So whether it's Google Workspace or Microsoft 365, Workspace or Microsoft 365, Workspace or Microsoft 365, what these providers have done is they what these providers have done is they what these providers have done is they said, hey guys, said, hey guys, said, hey guys, you know how we give you email and you know how we give you email and you know how we give you email and spreadsheets and we give you all this spreadsheets and we give you all this spreadsheets and we give you all this other cool stuff. Well, we just put AI other cool stuff. Well, we just put AI other cool stuff. Well, we just put AI right in the middle of that. right in the middle of that. right in the middle of that. And oh, by the way, And oh, by the way, And oh, by the way, you know, pretty much anybody can start you know, pretty much anybody can start you know, pretty much anybody can start using AI any way they want within your using AI any way they want within your using AI any way they want within your ecosystem. Yep. And that's even though ecosystem. Yep. And that's even though ecosystem. Yep. And that's even though it's somewhat locked into that it's somewhat locked into that it's somewhat locked into that ecosystem, right? The idea is behind ecosystem, right? The idea is behind ecosystem, right? The idea is behind it's behind the firewall. it's behind the firewall. it's behind the firewall. That could be extraordinarily That could be extraordinarily That could be extraordinarily overwhelming and dangerous overwhelming and dangerous overwhelming and dangerous if you don't necessarily, you know, if you don't necessarily, you know, if you don't necessarily, you know, understand what it means to start understand what it means to start understand what it means to start building out agents that can be building out agents that can be building out agents that can be shareable. So it's one thing if it's a shareable. So it's one thing if it's a shareable. So it's one thing if it's a tool, right? Because if it's a tool, tool, right? Because if it's a tool, tool, right? Because if it's a tool, it's a one-to-one relationship, just it's a one-to-one relationship, just it's a one-to-one relationship, just like your Gmail, right? Like I have like your Gmail, right? Like I have like your Gmail, right? Like I have Gmail, you have Gmail. Gmail, you have Gmail. Gmail, you have Gmail. You log onto your Gmail, I don't see You log onto your Gmail, I don't see You log onto your Gmail, I don't see that. I log into my Gmail, so it's the that. I log into my Gmail, so it's the that. I log into my Gmail, so it's the same application, we're isolated same application, we're isolated same application, we're isolated user-to-user, there's privacy, blah blah user-to-user, there's privacy, blah blah user-to-user, there's privacy, blah blah blah. blah. blah. Now, Now, Now, you build an agent you build an agent you build an agent on that same ecosystem and unknowingly on that same ecosystem and unknowingly on that same ecosystem and unknowingly or maybe you do know, train it or give or maybe you do know, train it or give or maybe you do know, train it or give it information and then share that with it information and then share that with it information and then share that with me, me, me, now you're starting to talk, okay, well, now you're starting to talk, okay, well, now you're starting to talk, okay, well, that feels okay, even though we we work that feels okay, even though we we work that feels okay, even though we we work for the same company, there's no major for the same company, there's no major for the same company, there's no major problem here. There's exposure risk now. problem here. There's exposure risk now. problem here. There's exposure risk now. &gt;&gt; easy to share stuff that I may not &gt;&gt; easy to share stuff that I may not &gt;&gt; easy to share stuff that I may not necessarily have access to necessarily have access to necessarily have access to from the raw data perspective, right? Um from the raw data perspective, right? Um from the raw data perspective, right? Um Or malicious or not even maliciously Or malicious or not even maliciously Or malicious or not even maliciously thinking that it's going to be a thinking that it's going to be a thinking that it's going to be a problem. No, exactly, but problem. No, exactly, but problem. No, exactly, but So ultimately what it comes down to is So ultimately what it comes down to is So ultimately what it comes down to is like AI tends to blur the lines quite a like AI tends to blur the lines quite a like AI tends to blur the lines quite a bit bit bit at the agentic level. So, unless you at the agentic level. So, unless you at the agentic level. So, unless you isolate your agents and treat them as isolate your agents and treat them as isolate your agents and treat them as like their own employee and give them like their own employee and give them like their own employee and give them the access they require and only train the access they require and only train the access they require and only train them on information that they should be them on information that they should be them on information that they should be trained on and you have a process in trained on and you have a process in trained on and you have a process in place and a platform like Raya to manage place and a platform like Raya to manage place and a platform like Raya to manage that and say, "This is the agent we're that and say, "This is the agent we're that and say, "This is the agent we're building. It's isolated. It has its own building. It's isolated. It has its own building. It's isolated. It has its own workflow. It has its own API access. It workflow. It has its own API access. It workflow. It has its own API access. It has its own vector store that we've has its own vector store that we've has its own vector store that we've opted in and trained on that data and opted in and trained on that data and opted in and trained on that data and it's gone through that process. it's gone through that process. it's gone through that process. Then anybody who and and and also by the Then anybody who and and and also by the Then anybody who and and and also by the way has its own access control. So, way has its own access control. So, way has its own access control. So, maybe Lee has access to this, but Rich maybe Lee has access to this, but Rich maybe Lee has access to this, but Rich does not. does not. does not. Unless it's pulled out of that kind of Unless it's pulled out of that kind of Unless it's pulled out of that kind of you know, everybody accessing the same you know, everybody accessing the same you know, everybody accessing the same 365 or same Google Workspace. 365 or same Google Workspace. 365 or same Google Workspace. If it's isolated out as its own kind of If it's isolated out as its own kind of If it's isolated out as its own kind of tenant, if you will, tenant, if you will, tenant, if you will, it's a lot easier to manage and and it's a lot easier to manage and and it's a lot easier to manage and and maintain and make sure that you don't do maintain and make sure that you don't do maintain and make sure that you don't do that accident accidental that accident accidental that accident accidental cross-pollination. So, you know, that cross-pollination. So, you know, that cross-pollination. So, you know, that zero trust framework, that approach that zero trust framework, that approach that zero trust framework, that approach that we take is very important because we take is very important because we take is very important because I do think that there's probably areas I do think that there's probably areas I do think that there's probably areas where where where somebody goes into their SharePoint, somebody goes into their SharePoint, somebody goes into their SharePoint, drags and drops 30 documents into an drags and drops 30 documents into an drags and drops 30 documents into an agent, right, thinking like, "Oh, maybe agent, right, thinking like, "Oh, maybe agent, right, thinking like, "Oh, maybe it's an HR agent." And maybe they work it's an HR agent." And maybe they work it's an HR agent." And maybe they work for HR. So, they have access to all for HR. So, they have access to all for HR. So, they have access to all these cool documents. They accidentally these cool documents. They accidentally these cool documents. They accidentally upload a document that's maybe not upload a document that's maybe not upload a document that's maybe not supposed supposed to be there. Nobody supposed supposed to be there. Nobody supposed supposed to be there. Nobody knows that they uploaded it to there cuz knows that they uploaded it to there cuz knows that they uploaded it to there cuz they're just building out this agent. they're just building out this agent. they're just building out this agent. And then they go, "You know, I'm going And then they go, "You know, I'm going And then they go, "You know, I'm going to share this with a few employees to to share this with a few employees to to share this with a few employees to see if they like it." And lo and behold, see if they like it." And lo and behold, see if they like it." And lo and behold, one of those documents might have been one of those documents might have been one of those documents might have been sensitive information and then now sensitive information and then now sensitive information and then now they're like they're they're like they're they're like they're And the reason why And that's not a And the reason why And that's not a And the reason why And that's not a whoopsie anymore at that point. whoopsie anymore at that point. whoopsie anymore at that point. &gt;&gt; that's not an LLM problem. Now, realize &gt;&gt; that's not an LLM problem. Now, realize &gt;&gt; that's not an LLM problem. Now, realize people don't understand some people don't understand some people don't understand some &gt;&gt; Yeah. But it's also like it doesn't even &gt;&gt; Yeah. But it's also like it doesn't even &gt;&gt; Yeah. But it's also like it doesn't even touch the LLM. So, a lot of people are touch the LLM. So, a lot of people are touch the LLM. So, a lot of people are thinking, "This is this is the mis- thinking, "This is this is the mis- thinking, "This is this is the mis- disconnect." People think that the LLM disconnect." People think that the LLM disconnect." People think that the LLM is everything and it's not. So, when is everything and it's not. So, when is everything and it's not. So, when they hear, "Oh, the LLM doesn't train on they hear, "Oh, the LLM doesn't train on they hear, "Oh, the LLM doesn't train on this data." Okay, so if I just drag and this data." Okay, so if I just drag and this data." Okay, so if I just drag and drop this data into an agent and share drop this data into an agent and share drop this data into an agent and share that agent, then it won't train on it. that agent, then it won't train on it. that agent, then it won't train on it. People won't be able to access That's People won't be able to access That's People won't be able to access That's not true. What happens is those not true. What happens is those not true. What happens is those documents don't actually go into the documents don't actually go into the documents don't actually go into the LLM. They go into the context window. LLM. They go into the context window. LLM. They go into the context window. &gt;&gt; Exactly. It's reference points. &gt;&gt; Exactly. It's reference points. &gt;&gt; Exactly. It's reference points. &gt;&gt; Yeah, or if you're in the 365 &gt;&gt; Yeah, or if you're in the 365 &gt;&gt; Yeah, or if you're in the 365 environment or into a vector store if environment or into a vector store if environment or into a vector store if you're in a more advanced environment. you're in a more advanced environment. you're in a more advanced environment. When it's in a vector store and or When it's in a vector store and or When it's in a vector store and or context window, context window, context window, it kind of is invisible to some degree. it kind of is invisible to some degree. it kind of is invisible to some degree. Like when you're talking to AI and Like when you're talking to AI and Like when you're talking to AI and you're giving it going through a thread, you're giving it going through a thread, you're giving it going through a thread, everything you're telling it and its everything you're telling it and its everything you're telling it and its instructions are kind of all go into its instructions are kind of all go into its instructions are kind of all go into its memory. Mhm. Think of it like a kind of memory. Mhm. Think of it like a kind of memory. Mhm. Think of it like a kind of a temporary memory hold. a temporary memory hold. a temporary memory hold. And and that data is then accessible by And and that data is then accessible by And and that data is then accessible by whoever talks to that same thread and or whoever talks to that same thread and or whoever talks to that same thread and or agent. So, agent. So, agent. So, you have to be cautious of of what goes you have to be cautious of of what goes you have to be cautious of of what goes into into into the context window and or vector store the context window and or vector store the context window and or vector store and unless it's isolated out and and unless it's isolated out and and unless it's isolated out and controlled in like more of a controlled in like more of a controlled in like more of a you know, a process of like deploying an you know, a process of like deploying an you know, a process of like deploying an agent for specific purpose and isolate agent for specific purpose and isolate agent for specific purpose and isolate and isolated access, and isolated access, and isolated access, when it's users, there's probably a when it's users, there's probably a when it's users, there's probably a higher likelihood of failure point. And higher likelihood of failure point. And higher likelihood of failure point. And this is a concern. I think this is this is a concern. I think this is this is a concern. I think this is probably one of the probably one of the probably one of the kind of hidden kind of hidden kind of hidden concerns or hidden issues that people concerns or hidden issues that people concerns or hidden issues that people may not even know exist and it's hard to may not even know exist and it's hard to may not even know exist and it's hard to trace back to even if it's happening trace back to even if it's happening trace back to even if it's happening because we've given probably a little because we've given probably a little because we've given probably a little bit too much bit too much bit too much capability to all users all at once capability to all users all at once capability to all users all at once without without without really thinking through really thinking through really thinking through what happens when there's when there's what happens when there's when there's what happens when there's when there's documents being cross-pollinated across documents being cross-pollinated across documents being cross-pollinated across an enterprise, right? No, absolutely, an enterprise, right? No, absolutely, an enterprise, right? No, absolutely, man. And and yeah, I think you know, man. And and yeah, I think you know, man. And and yeah, I think you know, we'll we'll continue to do more over the we'll we'll continue to do more over the we'll we'll continue to do more over the next few episodes around next few episodes around next few episodes around different solutions as you kind of different solutions as you kind of different solutions as you kind of prefaced here, you know, things that are prefaced here, you know, things that are prefaced here, you know, things that are hosted on like what kind of permissions hosted on like what kind of permissions hosted on like what kind of permissions you're giving because I do think as you're giving because I do think as you're giving because I do think as tools become more accessible, solutions tools become more accessible, solutions tools become more accessible, solutions become more complicated, users' needs become more complicated, users' needs become more complicated, users' needs become more broad and varied. Like the become more broad and varied. Like the become more broad and varied. Like the understanding of the security nuances understanding of the security nuances understanding of the security nuances and what permissions should be given is and what permissions should be given is and what permissions should be given is going to be a big piece of the success going to be a big piece of the success going to be a big piece of the success that people see with AI. Yeah, and to that people see with AI. Yeah, and to that people see with AI. Yeah, and to give you some high like to kind of boil give you some high like to kind of boil give you some high like to kind of boil it down if you're like a CISO, if you're it down if you're like a CISO, if you're it down if you're like a CISO, if you're like a like a like a security analyst, the the big things I security analyst, the the big things I security analyst, the the big things I think uh think uh think uh at least our approach has been and and at least our approach has been and and at least our approach has been and and what we would what we would what we would um um um definitely recommend would be, you know, definitely recommend would be, you know, definitely recommend would be, you know, number one, if you are there is a big number one, if you are there is a big number one, if you are there is a big difference between tools and agents and difference between tools and agents and difference between tools and agents and I think I think I think the Googles of the world, the Clauds of the Googles of the world, the Clauds of the Googles of the world, the Clauds of the world and the Microsofts of the the world and the Microsofts of the the world and the Microsofts of the world are blurring those lines to that world are blurring those lines to that world are blurring those lines to that that that are that are that are too that that are that are that are too that that are that are that are too much. Um I I think tools are awesome can much. Um I I think tools are awesome can much. Um I I think tools are awesome can be deployed within your enterprise be deployed within your enterprise be deployed within your enterprise because each person has access to their because each person has access to their because each person has access to their tool and there it's isolated from one tool and there it's isolated from one tool and there it's isolated from one user to another. And and security and user to another. And and security and user to another. And and security and compliance and access control can be compliance and access control can be compliance and access control can be easily implemented just like it's easily implemented just like it's easily implemented just like it's implemented on on your mail, on your implemented on on your mail, on your implemented on on your mail, on your SharePoint, on your drive and so forth. SharePoint, on your drive and so forth. SharePoint, on your drive and so forth. &gt;&gt; [sighs] &gt;&gt; [sighs] &gt;&gt; [sighs] &gt;&gt; An agent &gt;&gt; An agent &gt;&gt; An agent should should live outside of the should should live outside of the should should live outside of the firewall. Like it should be thought of firewall. Like it should be thought of firewall. Like it should be thought of as a third-party actor. It should not be as a third-party actor. It should not be as a third-party actor. It should not be part of that same ecosystem that tools part of that same ecosystem that tools part of that same ecosystem that tools are. Like you should not let employees are. Like you should not let employees are. Like you should not let employees be building agents that can be shared be building agents that can be shared be building agents that can be shared amongst others and or also beyond that amongst others and or also beyond that amongst others and or also beyond that unless it's an environment that's whole unless it's an environment that's whole unless it's an environment that's whole that's held to the same threshold of that's held to the same threshold of that's held to the same threshold of of expectation that a third-party SaaS of expectation that a third-party SaaS of expectation that a third-party SaaS product would be. Yeah. product would be. Yeah. product would be. Yeah. 100%. 100%. 100%. &gt;&gt; that and so if it's accessing internal &gt;&gt; that and so if it's accessing internal &gt;&gt; that and so if it's accessing internal data, it should be through an API which data, it should be through an API which data, it should be through an API which guarantees that you can control its guarantees that you can control its guarantees that you can control its access, you can control what it has access, you can control what it has access, you can control what it has access to and you can turn off that access to and you can turn off that access to and you can turn off that access at any point in time just like access at any point in time just like access at any point in time just like you would turn off any sort of other API you would turn off any sort of other API you would turn off any sort of other API connection that you might get from a connection that you might get from a connection that you might get from a third-party software product. If it's third-party software product. If it's third-party software product. If it's being trained on company data, it should being trained on company data, it should being trained on company data, it should go through a process go through a process go through a process and if curation and collection before and if curation and collection before and if curation and collection before it's put into the agent it's put into the agent it's put into the agent through through through a relatively a relatively a relatively straightforward process, but not like straightforward process, but not like straightforward process, but not like dynamically being done in in in in the dynamically being done in in in in the dynamically being done in in in in the shadows where nobody knows what's being shadows where nobody knows what's being shadows where nobody knows what's being dragged and dropped into agents because dragged and dropped into agents because dragged and dropped into agents because it's been deployed at scale without any it's been deployed at scale without any it's been deployed at scale without any sort of oversight. So, and every agent sort of oversight. So, and every agent sort of oversight. So, and every agent should also have should also have should also have the ability for anybody within the the ability for anybody within the the ability for anybody within the organization, especially people at the organization, especially people at the organization, especially people at the security compliance level, to see all security compliance level, to see all security compliance level, to see all the logs, to see all the conversations, the logs, to see all the conversations, the logs, to see all the conversations, to have complete oversight over to have complete oversight over to have complete oversight over everything that agent is doing everything that agent is doing everything that agent is doing and easily download conversations and and easily download conversations and and easily download conversations and and run it through an audit or or have and run it through an audit or or have and run it through an audit or or have certain elements like escalation phrases certain elements like escalation phrases certain elements like escalation phrases or or or an audit agent or an auditor component an audit agent or an auditor component an audit agent or an auditor component to the agent so you can escalate when to the agent so you can escalate when to the agent so you can escalate when PII or certain violations of certain PII or certain violations of certain PII or certain violations of certain policies are created. Like that needs to policies are created. Like that needs to policies are created. Like that needs to be part of it. And in the tool world, be part of it. And in the tool world, be part of it. And in the tool world, that's not part of what the tool world that's not part of what the tool world that's not part of what the tool world because it's a one-to-one relationship, because it's a one-to-one relationship, because it's a one-to-one relationship, there's really no reason for those there's really no reason for those there's really no reason for those things to exist. And I think the problem things to exist. And I think the problem things to exist. And I think the problem is is that is is that is is that when you're trying to kind of make those when you're trying to kind of make those when you're trying to kind of make those tools a little bit more like agents, you tools a little bit more like agents, you tools a little bit more like agents, you start to kind of bleed into this new start to kind of bleed into this new start to kind of bleed into this new world where it's like, "Okay, come on, world where it's like, "Okay, come on, world where it's like, "Okay, come on, guys. Like it's starting to feel a guys. Like it's starting to feel a guys. Like it's starting to feel a little bit dangerous." And I know that little bit dangerous." And I know that little bit dangerous." And I know that they want to keep up with the Joneses they want to keep up with the Joneses they want to keep up with the Joneses and they want to have the coolest, you and they want to have the coolest, you and they want to have the coolest, you know, product on the Yeah. on the block, know, product on the Yeah. on the block, know, product on the Yeah. on the block, but having agents inside of your but having agents inside of your but having agents inside of your ecosystem being deployed by employees ecosystem being deployed by employees ecosystem being deployed by employees without any sort of platform without any sort of platform without any sort of platform that has sophisticated ways of managing that has sophisticated ways of managing that has sophisticated ways of managing and monitoring that and also being able and monitoring that and also being able and monitoring that and also being able to have that connect to their own to have that connect to their own to have that connect to their own personal Gmails or personal 365 Outlook personal Gmails or personal 365 Outlook personal Gmails or personal 365 Outlook or whatever is extraordinarily dangerous or whatever is extraordinarily dangerous or whatever is extraordinarily dangerous and quite honestly probably not worth, and quite honestly probably not worth, and quite honestly probably not worth, you know, the juice isn't worth the you know, the juice isn't worth the you know, the juice isn't worth the squeeze there. You know, connecting your squeeze there. You know, connecting your squeeze there. You know, connecting your agent to your personal Gmail agent to your personal Gmail agent to your personal Gmail or your personal Outlook email or your personal Outlook email or your personal Outlook email doesn't really I think doesn't really I think doesn't really I think give you give you give you the the benefit that you think it does the the benefit that you think it does the the benefit that you think it does versus what the potential out outcome versus what the potential out outcome versus what the potential out outcome could be um from a from a security could be um from a from a security could be um from a from a security violation. So, violation. So, violation. So, I think following those kind of like I think following those kind of like I think following those kind of like those are like just general guidelines those are like just general guidelines those are like just general guidelines without getting into the specifics. without getting into the specifics. without getting into the specifics. Um Um Um I I think it's kind of where we I I think it's kind of where we I I think it's kind of where we typically draw the line and and and and typically draw the line and and and and typically draw the line and and and and try to follow as far as our protocols. try to follow as far as our protocols. try to follow as far as our protocols. Yeah. Yeah, as more business users get Yeah. Yeah, as more business users get Yeah. Yeah, as more business users get empowered to be creating and and empowered to be creating and and empowered to be creating and and thinking of things to do, they should thinking of things to do, they should thinking of things to do, they should have a lot of this in mind. And even if have a lot of this in mind. And even if have a lot of this in mind. And even if you're not, even if you're a developer you're not, even if you're a developer you're not, even if you're a developer that, you know, is just seeing the that, you know, is just seeing the that, you know, is just seeing the potential of what AI is doing and you potential of what AI is doing and you potential of what AI is doing and you again, not cutting corners, but you're again, not cutting corners, but you're again, not cutting corners, but you're using it to accelerate, that doesn't using it to accelerate, that doesn't using it to accelerate, that doesn't mean you should steer away from just the mean you should steer away from just the mean you should steer away from just the general security that you probably know general security that you probably know general security that you probably know should be in place, right? So, Yeah. should be in place, right? So, Yeah. should be in place, right? So, Yeah. &gt;&gt; line and I'll I'll just make this last &gt;&gt; line and I'll I'll just make this last &gt;&gt; line and I'll I'll just make this last statement which is always true in most statement which is always true in most statement which is always true in most cases is that AI is not the the security cases is that AI is not the the security cases is that AI is not the the security AI in general is not a massive uh you AI in general is not a massive uh you AI in general is not a massive uh you know, new thing that's going to be the know, new thing that's going to be the know, new thing that's going to be the problem, right? It's always humans. Yep. problem, right? It's always humans. Yep. problem, right? It's always humans. Yep. &gt;&gt; You know, like it's always humans who &gt;&gt; You know, like it's always humans who &gt;&gt; You know, like it's always humans who find a way find a way find a way to uh accidentally or or or not Yeah. to uh accidentally or or or not Yeah. to uh accidentally or or or not Yeah. make it less secure. So, AI is no make it less secure. So, AI is no make it less secure. So, AI is no different than any other software different than any other software different than any other software product that you implement. The only product that you implement. The only product that you implement. The only difference is that when humans start difference is that when humans start difference is that when humans start playing with something new like a new playing with something new like a new playing with something new like a new toy, they want to throw a lot more at toy, they want to throw a lot more at toy, they want to throw a lot more at it. And if you don't have those controls it. And if you don't have those controls it. And if you don't have those controls in place, Yeah. in place, Yeah. in place, Yeah. &gt;&gt; there's a higher likelihood of something &gt;&gt; there's a higher likelihood of something &gt;&gt; there's a higher likelihood of something somebody missing a step. Something somebody missing a step. Something somebody missing a step. Something breaking. breaking. breaking. &gt;&gt; So, don't go into this thinking, "No AI &gt;&gt; So, don't go into this thinking, "No AI &gt;&gt; So, don't go into this thinking, "No AI because it's not secure." because it's not secure." because it's not secure." It's like, you know, it's more about It's like, you know, it's more about It's like, you know, it's more about saying, um all right, AI is this new saying, um all right, AI is this new saying, um all right, AI is this new technology. It's awesome. technology. It's awesome. technology. It's awesome. People are going to start to use it a People are going to start to use it a People are going to start to use it a lot. lot. lot. What What is the outcome we want these What What is the outcome we want these What What is the outcome we want these users to have? And what potentially users to have? And what potentially users to have? And what potentially could they do to make it less secure, could they do to make it less secure, could they do to make it less secure, you know, and let's train, as you you know, and let's train, as you you know, and let's train, as you mentioned, let's train these humans on mentioned, let's train these humans on mentioned, let's train these humans on how to better use AI. Absolutely. And how to better use AI. Absolutely. And how to better use AI. Absolutely. And and that's it. So, I mean I I I think and that's it. So, I mean I I I think and that's it. So, I mean I I I think you everybody should be embracing, you everybody should be embracing, you everybody should be embracing, obviously, and implementing AI obviously, and implementing AI obviously, and implementing AI solutions. solutions. solutions. But but but definitely make that But but but definitely make that But but but definitely make that distinguish um you know, distinguish distinguish um you know, distinguish distinguish um you know, distinguish between what's a tool and what's an between what's a tool and what's an between what's a tool and what's an agent and and act appropriately. agent and and act appropriately. agent and and act appropriately. Yeah, all that sounds great. And for Yeah, all that sounds great. And for Yeah, all that sounds great. And for everyone listening, thanks again for everyone listening, thanks again for everyone listening, thanks again for joining us on this episode. If you joining us on this episode. If you joining us on this episode. If you haven't already, hit that subscribe haven't already, hit that subscribe haven't already, hit that subscribe button to stay in touch. Also, check out button to stay in touch. Also, check out button to stay in touch. Also, check out our Substack for more content which will our Substack for more content which will our Substack for more content which will be linked to this episode to continue be linked to this episode to continue be linked to this episode to continue this discussion. Until next time, stay this discussion. Until next time, stay this discussion. Until next time, stay curious, stay informed, and we'll see curious, stay informed, and we'll see curious, stay informed, and we'll see you on the next episode. Take care, you on the next episode. Take care, you on the next episode. Take care, everyone. everyone. everyone. The rich on the mind [music] The rich on the mind [music] The rich on the mind [music] and ready to explore. and ready to explore. and ready to explore. Join us every week Join us every week Join us every week as we crack the code.
