Document 360 has recently released its Document 360 has recently released its Document 360 has recently released its new AI feature, AI writing agent. The new AI feature, AI writing agent. The new AI feature, AI writing agent. The agent is not just an AI tool. It's an agent is not just an AI tool. It's an agent is not just an AI tool. It's an entirely new approach to writing entirely new approach to writing entirely new approach to writing technical documentation. The AI writing technical documentation. The AI writing technical documentation. The AI writing agent can transform how you create agent can transform how you create agent can transform how you create content by turning videos, audio files, content by turning videos, audio files, content by turning videos, audio files, and simple prompts into fully structured and simple prompts into fully structured and simple prompts into fully structured articles complete with SEO optimization. articles complete with SEO optimization. articles complete with SEO optimization. In this video, we're going to explore In this video, we're going to explore In this video, we're going to explore how to generate an article using the how to generate an article using the how to generate an article using the writing agent, and I'm going to show you writing agent, and I'm going to show you writing agent, and I'm going to show you how to refine that content to match your how to refine that content to match your how to refine that content to match your exact needs. The best part about this is exact needs. The best part about this is exact needs. The best part about this is how much time it saves compared to how much time it saves compared to how much time it saves compared to starting from scratch every single time. starting from scratch every single time. starting from scratch every single time. Thank you to Document 360 for sponsoring Thank you to Document 360 for sponsoring Thank you to Document 360 for sponsoring this video. Let's jump right into it. this video. Let's jump right into it. this video. Let's jump right into it. So, we're going to start by creating a So, we're going to start by creating a So, we're going to start by creating a new AI powered article in Document 360. new AI powered article in Document 360. new AI powered article in Document 360. To do that, we're going to need to log To do that, we're going to need to log To do that, we're going to need to log into Document 360 and go to your project into Document 360 and go to your project into Document 360 and go to your project dashboard. Our Rise Productive project dashboard. Our Rise Productive project dashboard. Our Rise Productive project is right here. Let's click the is right here. Let's click the is right here. Let's click the documentation icon to open the projects documentation icon to open the projects documentation icon to open the projects documentation section. This is where documentation section. This is where documentation section. This is where we're going to need to be. Next, we're we're going to need to be. Next, we're we're going to need to be. Next, we're going to access the AI writing agent. To going to access the AI writing agent. To going to access the AI writing agent. To start using the agent, we need to go start using the agent, we need to go start using the agent, we need to go back to the top of the page and click back to the top of the page and click back to the top of the page and click the create button. Once we've done that, the create button. Once we've done that, the create button. Once we've done that, let's select article with AI. The AI let's select article with AI. The AI let's select article with AI. The AI writing agent will help us create writing agent will help us create writing agent will help us create structured content from just a single structured content from just a single structured content from just a single prompt. In the write article dialogue prompt. In the write article dialogue prompt. In the write article dialogue that opens, we'll paste this prompt. that opens, we'll paste this prompt. that opens, we'll paste this prompt. Explain how to create new projects in Explain how to create new projects in Explain how to create new projects in Document 360. You guys probably already Document 360. You guys probably already Document 360. You guys probably already know how to do that, so it'll be easier know how to do that, so it'll be easier know how to do that, so it'll be easier to verify if the writing agent does a to verify if the writing agent does a to verify if the writing agent does a good job. Moving on, we're going to good job. Moving on, we're going to good job. Moving on, we're going to configure our style preferences. First, configure our style preferences. First, configure our style preferences. First, we're going to make sure the correct we're going to make sure the correct we're going to make sure the correct workspace is selected. Looks okay to me. workspace is selected. Looks okay to me. workspace is selected. Looks okay to me. And let's click the preferences icon to And let's click the preferences icon to And let's click the preferences icon to open the style and template settings. open the style and template settings. open the style and template settings. One of the nice things about the AI One of the nice things about the AI One of the nice things about the AI writing agent is that it lets you writing agent is that it lets you writing agent is that it lets you maintain your editorial standards while maintain your editorial standards while maintain your editorial standards while scaling content creation. Very handy, scaling content creation. Very handy, scaling content creation. Very handy, especially when you're dealing with especially when you're dealing with especially when you're dealing with thousands of pages of content managed by thousands of pages of content managed by thousands of pages of content managed by many writers. Once the preferences popup many writers. Once the preferences popup many writers. Once the preferences popup opens, we'll click the style guide opens, we'll click the style guide opens, we'll click the style guide dropown to select Microsoft style guide dropown to select Microsoft style guide dropown to select Microsoft style guide to apply it to the article. This allows to apply it to the article. This allows to apply it to the article. This allows you to keep consistency across all your you to keep consistency across all your you to keep consistency across all your documentation. After that, we're going documentation. After that, we're going documentation. After that, we're going to choose a template for our article. In to choose a template for our article. In to choose a template for our article. In the same preference popup, let's pick a the same preference popup, let's pick a the same preference popup, let's pick a template. Templates help structure your template. Templates help structure your template. Templates help structure your content in a way that matches the content in a way that matches the content in a way that matches the organization's documentation patterns. organization's documentation patterns. organization's documentation patterns. This one called how to use tools This one called how to use tools This one called how to use tools template looks good. Let's use it and template looks good. Let's use it and template looks good. Let's use it and see whether the agent will rely on it. see whether the agent will rely on it. see whether the agent will rely on it. Awesome. Now we're ready to generate our Awesome. Now we're ready to generate our Awesome. Now we're ready to generate our article. In the right article dialogue, article. In the right article dialogue, article. In the right article dialogue, we're going to click submit icon to we're going to click submit icon to we're going to click submit icon to proceed. Seems like it's not all there. proceed. Seems like it's not all there. proceed. Seems like it's not all there. We also need to define the category for We also need to define the category for We also need to define the category for the article so the system knows where to the article so the system knows where to the article so the system knows where to store generated content. Let's select store generated content. Let's select store generated content. Let's select the how-to guides radio button from the the how-to guides radio button from the the how-to guides radio button from the list of available categories and then list of available categories and then list of available categories and then click create. The AI writing agent click create. The AI writing agent click create. The AI writing agent starts writing right away. While the starts writing right away. While the starts writing right away. While the agent is writing our article, I would agent is writing our article, I would agent is writing our article, I would like to use this moment to thank like to use this moment to thank like to use this moment to thank Document 360. No, forget that. Okay, now Document 360. No, forget that. Okay, now Document 360. No, forget that. Okay, now let's see how the AI writing agent let's see how the AI writing agent let's see how the AI writing agent handled the assigned task. Creating new handled the assigned task. Creating new handled the assigned task. Creating new projects in Document 360 is a projects in Document 360 is a projects in Document 360 is a straightforward process. Very short and straightforward process. Very short and straightforward process. Very short and clear. Here's how you can create new clear. Here's how you can create new clear. Here's how you can create new projects effectively, and the projects effectively, and the projects effectively, and the instructions are below. Neat. Five, set instructions are below. Neat. Five, set instructions are below. Neat. Five, set access permissions. Six, save your access permissions. Six, save your access permissions. Six, save your project. Looks great, but I would expand project. Looks great, but I would expand project. Looks great, but I would expand the last step to provide users with the last step to provide users with the last step to provide users with information on what they could do next information on what they could do next information on what they could do next after creating a project. That's what after creating a project. That's what after creating a project. That's what makes user guide so useful. The great makes user guide so useful. The great makes user guide so useful. The great thing about the agent is that you can thing about the agent is that you can thing about the agent is that you can always ask it to refine the article always ask it to refine the article always ask it to refine the article using simple prompts. Let's find where using simple prompts. Let's find where using simple prompts. Let's find where we can do this. We're going to scroll we can do this. We're going to scroll we can do this. We're going to scroll down to the bottom of the page. I think down to the bottom of the page. I think down to the bottom of the page. I think it should be there. All right, look at it should be there. All right, look at it should be there. All right, look at that. There's even a list of frequently that. There's even a list of frequently that. There's even a list of frequently asked questions with clear answers. Very asked questions with clear answers. Very asked questions with clear answers. Very cool. Nice. Here it is. Let's ask the cool. Nice. Here it is. Let's ask the cool. Nice. Here it is. Let's ask the writing agent to expand step six to writing agent to expand step six to writing agent to expand step six to explain exactly what a user can do after explain exactly what a user can do after explain exactly what a user can do after creating a project. We'll paste this creating a project. We'll paste this creating a project. We'll paste this prompt into the refinement text field. prompt into the refinement text field. prompt into the refinement text field. Done. This lets you request more detail Done. This lets you request more detail Done. This lets you request more detail on specific sections without on specific sections without on specific sections without regenerating the entire article. We're regenerating the entire article. We're regenerating the entire article. We're going to click submit to the right of going to click submit to the right of going to click submit to the right of the text field so the agent can go back the text field so the agent can go back the text field so the agent can go back to work while you're finishing your to work while you're finishing your to work while you're finishing your drink. Just give it a second. While we drink. Just give it a second. While we drink. Just give it a second. While we wait, share your thoughts about the AI wait, share your thoughts about the AI wait, share your thoughts about the AI writing agent in the comment section writing agent in the comment section writing agent in the comment section down below of this video. I'd love to down below of this video. I'd love to down below of this video. I'd love to hear from you guys. Let me know what you hear from you guys. Let me know what you hear from you guys. Let me know what you think. Okay, so let's check how the think. Okay, so let's check how the think. Okay, so let's check how the agent refined our last step in our agent refined our last step in our agent refined our last step in our instruction. Look at this. Wow. Now we instruction. Look at this. Wow. Now we instruction. Look at this. Wow. Now we know that after creating a project, we know that after creating a project, we know that after creating a project, we can add documentation, invite team can add documentation, invite team can add documentation, invite team members, set up categories, configure members, set up categories, configure members, set up categories, configure project settings, and monitor analytics. project settings, and monitor analytics. project settings, and monitor analytics. That's fantastic. Let's go to the That's fantastic. Let's go to the That's fantastic. Let's go to the refinement toolbar at the bottom of the refinement toolbar at the bottom of the refinement toolbar at the bottom of the page and see what else the AI writing page and see what else the AI writing page and see what else the AI writing agent can do for us before we give it a agent can do for us before we give it a agent can do for us before we give it a break. We're going to click the modify break. We're going to click the modify break. We're going to click the modify response dropdown to see the list of response dropdown to see the list of response dropdown to see the list of options. What do we have here? We have options. What do we have here? We have options. What do we have here? We have the option to make content longer, the option to make content longer, the option to make content longer, shorter, or even improve the entire shorter, or even improve the entire shorter, or even improve the entire article if needed. That's very useful. article if needed. That's very useful. article if needed. That's very useful. But I think the agent did a pretty good But I think the agent did a pretty good But I think the agent did a pretty good job with the article. So, we don't ask job with the article. So, we don't ask job with the article. So, we don't ask to rewrite anything. The only thing I to rewrite anything. The only thing I to rewrite anything. The only thing I would ask is to change the tone of the would ask is to change the tone of the would ask is to change the tone of the content. I would like to see how the AI content. I would like to see how the AI content. I would like to see how the AI writing agent would deal with that. writing agent would deal with that. writing agent would deal with that. Let's select the change tone option to Let's select the change tone option to Let's select the change tone option to reveal a list of available tones. We're reveal a list of available tones. We're reveal a list of available tones. We're going to apply a friendly tone to our going to apply a friendly tone to our going to apply a friendly tone to our article to make it easier for future article to make it easier for future article to make it easier for future users to read and understand. We'll wait users to read and understand. We'll wait users to read and understand. We'll wait just a few moments. Hold on. Seems like just a few moments. Hold on. Seems like just a few moments. Hold on. Seems like the agent changed the tone of the entire the agent changed the tone of the entire the agent changed the tone of the entire article in seconds. It would definitely article in seconds. It would definitely article in seconds. It would definitely take more time than that for a technical take more time than that for a technical take more time than that for a technical writer to complete this task. Look at writer to complete this task. Look at writer to complete this task. Look at this description. Document 360 is a this description. Document 360 is a this description. Document 360 is a fantastic knowledgebased software that fantastic knowledgebased software that fantastic knowledgebased software that makes it easy for teams to create and makes it easy for teams to create and makes it easy for teams to create and manage their documentation. Let's walk manage their documentation. Let's walk manage their documentation. Let's walk through how you can create new projects through how you can create new projects through how you can create new projects with ease. Incredible. This sounds very with ease. Incredible. This sounds very with ease. Incredible. This sounds very friendly to me. The content now flows friendly to me. The content now flows friendly to me. The content now flows much better and feels more approachable much better and feels more approachable much better and feels more approachable for the readers. Let's go to the for the readers. Let's go to the for the readers. Let's go to the refinement toolbar to finally click the refinement toolbar to finally click the refinement toolbar to finally click the keep it button so the AI writing agent keep it button so the AI writing agent keep it button so the AI writing agent can have a break. Break not from writing can have a break. Break not from writing can have a break. Break not from writing but from us. This brings the editing but from us. This brings the editing but from us. This brings the editing process full circle. We've created, process full circle. We've created, process full circle. We've created, customized, and refined a complete customized, and refined a complete customized, and refined a complete article in minutes instead of days of article in minutes instead of days of article in minutes instead of days of work. Not bad. Besides working with work. Not bad. Besides working with work. Not bad. Besides working with simple prompts, the AI writing agent simple prompts, the AI writing agent simple prompts, the AI writing agent also works with videos, audio files, and also works with videos, audio files, and also works with videos, audio files, and text documents to create content that text documents to create content that text documents to create content that supports SEO best practices. Sign up for supports SEO best practices. Sign up for supports SEO best practices. Sign up for a free trial with Document 360 to try a free trial with Document 360 to try a free trial with Document 360 to try the writing agent today. You'll see how the writing agent today. You'll see how the writing agent today. You'll see how it transforms your content creation it transforms your content creation it transforms your content creation workflow in seconds. Thanks for workflow in seconds. Thanks for workflow in seconds. Thanks for watching, and we'll see you in the next watching, and we'll see you in the next watching, and we'll see you in the next one. Bye.
