[music] &gt;&gt; Thanks, Thomas. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Thomas. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Thomas. Gemini Enterprise is a platform to Gemini Enterprise is a platform to Gemini Enterprise is a platform to build, manage, and interact with agents. build, manage, and interact with agents. build, manage, and interact with agents. I'll demonstrate how we can orchestrate I'll demonstrate how we can orchestrate I'll demonstrate how we can orchestrate multiple agents across platforms, share multiple agents across platforms, share multiple agents across platforms, share context for seamless handoffs, and context for seamless handoffs, and context for seamless handoffs, and streamline workflows. streamline workflows. streamline workflows. Imagine I work for a global furniture Imagine I work for a global furniture Imagine I work for a global furniture retailer. Here's my personalized home retailer. Here's my personalized home retailer. Here's my personalized home page where I can interact with internal page where I can interact with internal page where I can interact with internal business context and external sources in business context and external sources in business context and external sources in a single pane of glass. a single pane of glass. a single pane of glass. The agent gallery hosts my approved The agent gallery hosts my approved The agent gallery hosts my approved selection of agents, including built-in selection of agents, including built-in selection of agents, including built-in ones by Google and my company's agents ones by Google and my company's agents ones by Google and my company's agents like this one for price and margin like this one for price and margin like this one for price and margin optimization, which autonomously optimization, which autonomously optimization, which autonomously orchestrates across agents, tools, and orchestrates across agents, tools, and orchestrates across agents, tools, and sources. sources. sources. Now, Now, Now, let's see Gemini Enterprise in action. let's see Gemini Enterprise in action. let's see Gemini Enterprise in action. To bring some less popular product lines To bring some less popular product lines To bring some less popular product lines back to life, we'll ask our agent to back to life, we'll ask our agent to back to life, we'll ask our agent to analyze current interior design trends, analyze current interior design trends, analyze current interior design trends, identify dead stock in our warehouse, identify dead stock in our warehouse, identify dead stock in our warehouse, and orchestrate a relaunch campaign. and orchestrate a relaunch campaign. and orchestrate a relaunch campaign. With that one prompt, multiple agents With that one prompt, multiple agents With that one prompt, multiple agents complete a series of actions in minutes complete a series of actions in minutes complete a series of actions in minutes instead of hours. My market research instead of hours. My market research instead of hours. My market research agent, powered by deep research, agent, powered by deep research, agent, powered by deep research, analyzes the latest Google search analyzes the latest Google search analyzes the latest Google search information alongside my own sales and information alongside my own sales and information alongside my own sales and CSAT data. CSAT data. CSAT data. My data insights agent is connecting to My data insights agent is connecting to My data insights agent is connecting to our global product catalog regardless of our global product catalog regardless of our global product catalog regardless of location or format. location or format. location or format. It knows that dead stock refers to sale It knows that dead stock refers to sale It knows that dead stock refers to sale inventory, and it uses our agentic data inventory, and it uses our agentic data inventory, and it uses our agentic data cloud to identify the right data sets. cloud to identify the right data sets. cloud to identify the right data sets. And my product strategy agent pulls And my product strategy agent pulls And my product strategy agent pulls everything together. everything together. everything together. I'll go ahead and approve this plan. I'll go ahead and approve this plan. I'll go ahead and approve this plan. This can take a few minutes, so we'll This can take a few minutes, so we'll This can take a few minutes, so we'll fast forward. fast forward. fast forward. Okay. Okay. Okay. Here are the highlights. Organic modern Here are the highlights. Organic modern Here are the highlights. Organic modern is a huge trend, and customers are is a huge trend, and customers are is a huge trend, and customers are paying top dollar. paying top dollar. paying top dollar. Our Tuscany collection has leftover Our Tuscany collection has leftover Our Tuscany collection has leftover inventory that actually fits right in, inventory that actually fits right in, inventory that actually fits right in, but sales haven't been great. but sales haven't been great. but sales haven't been great. The recommendation, rebrand and reprice The recommendation, rebrand and reprice The recommendation, rebrand and reprice it above our current discount but below it above our current discount but below it above our current discount but below competitor pricing. competitor pricing. competitor pricing. All of that with one simple prompt. All of that with one simple prompt. All of that with one simple prompt. I can even see the sources that it I can even see the sources that it I can even see the sources that it analyzed to make these recommendations. analyzed to make these recommendations. analyzed to make these recommendations. Gemini Enterprise is also suggesting a Gemini Enterprise is also suggesting a Gemini Enterprise is also suggesting a new landing page and new media to put new landing page and new media to put new landing page and new media to put front and center. front and center. front and center. I'll ask my product strategy agent to I'll ask my product strategy agent to I'll ask my product strategy agent to generate some videos. This part can also take a little bit of This part can also take a little bit of This part can also take a little bit of time, so we'll look at some time, so we'll look at some time, so we'll look at some pre-generated options. This looks amazing. VO3 placed the exact This looks amazing. VO3 placed the exact This looks amazing. VO3 placed the exact pieces in a whole new organic living pieces in a whole new organic living pieces in a whole new organic living Now, Now, Now, let's get that website updated. let's get that website updated. let's get that website updated. I'll ask my dev agent to coordinate with I'll ask my dev agent to coordinate with I'll ask my dev agent to coordinate with our engineering team. our engineering team. our engineering team. It connects directly with Jira to give a It connects directly with Jira to give a It connects directly with Jira to give a developer full context for a seamless developer full context for a seamless developer full context for a seamless handoff. handoff. handoff. And on the developer's end, And on the developer's end, And on the developer's end, I'll automatically get a notification I'll automatically get a notification I'll automatically get a notification right here in my Google Chat with that right here in my Google Chat with that right here in my Google Chat with that Jira ticket. Jira ticket. Jira ticket. I'll get this going with CLI. Here, I'll ask my dev agent to start Here, I'll ask my dev agent to start Here, I'll ask my dev agent to start working on that Jira ticket. It's going working on that Jira ticket. It's going working on that Jira ticket. It's going to give me an overview of the strategy, to give me an overview of the strategy, to give me an overview of the strategy, the assets, and how it plans to execute the assets, and how it plans to execute the assets, and how it plans to execute on this web page using all of the on this web page using all of the on this web page using all of the context from the previous Gemini context from the previous Gemini context from the previous Gemini Enterprise session, the ticket, and our Enterprise session, the ticket, and our Enterprise session, the ticket, and our brand and coding guidelines. brand and coding guidelines. brand and coding guidelines. This is really easy. Let's go ahead and This is really easy. Let's go ahead and This is really easy. Let's go ahead and get this built and deployed. get this built and deployed. get this built and deployed. From here, this can take a little bit of From here, this can take a little bit of From here, this can take a little bit of time. I'm sure the devs in the audience time. I'm sure the devs in the audience time. I'm sure the devs in the audience know that, so I gave it a little bit of know that, so I gave it a little bit of know that, so I gave it a little bit of a head start. Let's check out that final a head start. Let's check out that final a head start. Let's check out that final product. This looks perfect. This looks perfect. This looks perfect. Now, Now, Now, let's head back over to Gemini let's head back over to Gemini let's head back over to Gemini Enterprise to prepare our stores for the Enterprise to prepare our stores for the Enterprise to prepare our stores for the launch. launch. launch. Our store operations team would usually Our store operations team would usually Our store operations team would usually handle this piece, so I'm in a brand new handle this piece, so I'm in a brand new handle this piece, so I'm in a brand new session. session. session. I'll ask for a deck to get our regional I'll ask for a deck to get our regional I'll ask for a deck to get our regional distributors up to speed. distributors up to speed. distributors up to speed. Gemini Enterprise uses my company's Gemini Enterprise uses my company's Gemini Enterprise uses my company's context to find exactly what I need to context to find exactly what I need to context to find exactly what I need to know about that launch, how I've managed know about that launch, how I've managed know about that launch, how I've managed these in the past, and my team's sales these in the past, and my team's sales these in the past, and my team's sales goals. goals. goals. Then, it works with the Google Workspace Then, it works with the Google Workspace Then, it works with the Google Workspace agent to create a branded deck in my agent to create a branded deck in my agent to create a branded deck in my personal style. personal style. personal style. Again, this can take a minute or two, so Again, this can take a minute or two, so Again, this can take a minute or two, so we'll look at one I generated ahead of we'll look at one I generated ahead of we'll look at one I generated ahead of time. time. time. Get this. With our brand new canvas Get this. With our brand new canvas Get this. With our brand new canvas mode, I can make edits and collaborate mode, I can make edits and collaborate mode, I can make edits and collaborate in Google Slides without ever having to in Google Slides without ever having to in Google Slides without ever having to leave Gemini Enterprise. leave Gemini Enterprise. leave Gemini Enterprise. Overall, I think this looks great, but I Overall, I think this looks great, but I Overall, I think this looks great, but I actually prefer the word reimagined actually prefer the word reimagined actually prefer the word reimagined here. here. here. Perfect, and I'll go ahead and share Perfect, and I'll go ahead and share Perfect, and I'll go ahead and share this with my team. And it looks like some of them are And it looks like some of them are And it looks like some of them are already jumping in. already jumping in. already jumping in. Let's recap. We saw Gemini Enterprise Let's recap. We saw Gemini Enterprise Let's recap. We saw Gemini Enterprise orchestrate multiple agents with a orchestrate multiple agents with a orchestrate multiple agents with a single prompt, share context, and single prompt, share context, and single prompt, share context, and generate and collaborate content with generate and collaborate content with generate and collaborate content with Google Workspace. Google Workspace. Google Workspace. All supported by our enterprise-grade All supported by our enterprise-grade All supported by our enterprise-grade governance, which gives organizations governance, which gives organizations governance, which gives organizations the power to manage and secure agents at the power to manage and secure agents at the power to manage and secure agents at scale all while maintaining control over scale all while maintaining control over scale all while maintaining control over their business data. their business data. their business data. That's the magic of the Gemini That's the magic of the Gemini That's the magic of the Gemini Enterprise agent platform. &gt;&gt; [music]
