If you've been using coding agents, you If you've been using coding agents, you If you've been using coding agents, you likely noticed that it's getting harder likely noticed that it's getting harder likely noticed that it's getting harder and harder to gain visibility into what and harder to gain visibility into what and harder to gain visibility into what the AI is doing. AI can produce code at the AI is doing. AI can produce code at the AI is doing. AI can produce code at a pace we simply cannot follow, and a pace we simply cannot follow, and a pace we simply cannot follow, and we're starting to realize that reviewing we're starting to realize that reviewing we're starting to realize that reviewing what the agent comes up with is becoming what the agent comes up with is becoming what the agent comes up with is becoming the new bottleneck. Now, lucky for us, I the new bottleneck. Now, lucky for us, I the new bottleneck. Now, lucky for us, I have in front of me a new open-source have in front of me a new open-source have in front of me a new open-source project that attempts to address this project that attempts to address this project that attempts to address this exact problem. It's called Crit, and exact problem. It's called Crit, and exact problem. It's called Crit, and it's a really neat piece of software. it's a really neat piece of software. it's a really neat piece of software. Let me walk you through how this works. Let me walk you through how this works. Let me walk you through how this works. Let me give you a quick demonstration Let me give you a quick demonstration Let me give you a quick demonstration before I kind of dig into how Crit before I kind of dig into how Crit before I kind of dig into how Crit works. Crit operates in four different works. Crit operates in four different works. Crit operates in four different modes, and they're all basically modes, and they're all basically modes, and they're all basically different ways to provide feedback to different ways to provide feedback to different ways to provide feedback to your AI agents. Now, this one is called your AI agents. Now, this one is called your AI agents. Now, this one is called live, and you point Crit the CLI to a live, and you point Crit the CLI to a live, and you point Crit the CLI to a live web server, and it renders that web live web server, and it renders that web live web server, and it renders that web server into your Crit UI, and you're server into your Crit UI, and you're server into your Crit UI, and you're able to use it to navigate, click able to use it to navigate, click able to use it to navigate, click buttons. But, the real fun part here is buttons. But, the real fun part here is buttons. But, the real fun part here is you switch to pin mode, and now you're you switch to pin mode, and now you're you switch to pin mode, and now you're able to click on different elements and able to click on different elements and able to click on different elements and provide feedback back to your agents in provide feedback back to your agents in provide feedback back to your agents in form of comments. So, I can say, "I form of comments. So, I can say, "I form of comments. So, I can say, "I don't like this title. Make it smaller." don't like this title. Make it smaller." don't like this title. Make it smaller." And then, I can send that comment off by And then, I can send that comment off by And then, I can send that comment off by submitting it and then pressing finish submitting it and then pressing finish submitting it and then pressing finish review. Now, when I click on that finish review. Now, when I click on that finish review. Now, when I click on that finish review button, what's going to happen is review button, what's going to happen is review button, what's going to happen is my AI agent is going to get notified my AI agent is going to get notified my AI agent is going to get notified about this comment. It's going to get about this comment. It's going to get about this comment. It's going to get this reference as to which element I this reference as to which element I this reference as to which element I clicked and the text I sent it. So, clicked and the text I sent it. So, clicked and the text I sent it. So, that's a really nice way to visualize that's a really nice way to visualize that's a really nice way to visualize the stuff that the AI is working on, and the stuff that the AI is working on, and the stuff that the AI is working on, and then for me to easily pinpoint exactly then for me to easily pinpoint exactly then for me to easily pinpoint exactly where in the application I want to where in the application I want to where in the application I want to address my comment to. Now, there's address my comment to. Now, there's address my comment to. Now, there's three other modes in which Crit three other modes in which Crit three other modes in which Crit operates, and the next one is planning. operates, and the next one is planning. operates, and the next one is planning. Now, for planning, you're going to point Now, for planning, you're going to point Now, for planning, you're going to point Crit to a markdown file, and it's Crit to a markdown file, and it's Crit to a markdown file, and it's basically a glorified markdown renderer, basically a glorified markdown renderer, basically a glorified markdown renderer, but the added bonus here is that you're but the added bonus here is that you're but the added bonus here is that you're able to select different parts of your able to select different parts of your able to select different parts of your markdown and provide feedback to that. markdown and provide feedback to that. markdown and provide feedback to that. So, previously, say that you're working So, previously, say that you're working So, previously, say that you're working on a new feature or a new application, on a new feature or a new application, on a new feature or a new application, what you would generally do is ask the what you would generally do is ask the what you would generally do is ask the AI to come up with a plan to execute AI to come up with a plan to execute AI to come up with a plan to execute that feature, and the AI will generally that feature, and the AI will generally that feature, and the AI will generally create a PRD document in the form of a create a PRD document in the form of a create a PRD document in the form of a markdown, and you would have to open up markdown, and you would have to open up markdown, and you would have to open up an IDE, find where the file went, open an IDE, find where the file went, open an IDE, find where the file went, open it up, and then copy the line number or it up, and then copy the line number or it up, and then copy the line number or the sentence that you don't like, and the sentence that you don't like, and the sentence that you don't like, and then you change. It's a lot of work. So, then you change. It's a lot of work. So, then you change. It's a lot of work. So, what Crit does is you just basically what Crit does is you just basically what Crit does is you just basically point Crit to that file, and you're able point Crit to that file, and you're able point Crit to that file, and you're able to visualize it and mark your comments to visualize it and mark your comments to visualize it and mark your comments exactly where you want it, and then you exactly where you want it, and then you exactly where you want it, and then you click approve, it goes straight back to click approve, it goes straight back to click approve, it goes straight back to your AI agent. So, it's really nice way your AI agent. So, it's really nice way your AI agent. So, it's really nice way to start brainstorming and collaborating to start brainstorming and collaborating to start brainstorming and collaborating with your AI agent through this UI. with your AI agent through this UI. with your AI agent through this UI. So, after you do your planning, you'll So, after you do your planning, you'll So, after you do your planning, you'll generally send your AI off to actually generally send your AI off to actually generally send your AI off to actually work on that PRD and create that work on that PRD and create that work on that PRD and create that feature. So, after the AI has completed feature. So, after the AI has completed feature. So, after the AI has completed its work, you're going to want to review its work, you're going to want to review its work, you're going to want to review its code output. The traditional way you its code output. The traditional way you its code output. The traditional way you do this is you create a pull request on do this is you create a pull request on do this is you create a pull request on GitHub, but honestly, nowadays, that's GitHub, but honestly, nowadays, that's GitHub, but honestly, nowadays, that's becoming a little bit too slow. And so, becoming a little bit too slow. And so, becoming a little bit too slow. And so, what Crit allows you to do is you point what Crit allows you to do is you point what Crit allows you to do is you point it to a Git directory, and now you have it to a Git directory, and now you have it to a Git directory, and now you have a very similar UI to, you know, your a very similar UI to, you know, your a very similar UI to, you know, your GitHub pull request, and you're able to GitHub pull request, and you're able to GitHub pull request, and you're able to view the code changes. There's a unified view the code changes. There's a unified view the code changes. There's a unified view if you prefer that as well. You got view if you prefer that as well. You got view if you prefer that as well. You got your trees on the left-hand side for the your trees on the left-hand side for the your trees on the left-hand side for the files that are affected. You can click files that are affected. You can click files that are affected. You can click into them and say that, "Oh, hey, you into them and say that, "Oh, hey, you into them and say that, "Oh, hey, you forgot to use unique tags for your React forgot to use unique tags for your React forgot to use unique tags for your React components." You can leave a comment components." You can leave a comment components." You can leave a comment like that, and then send that back like that, and then send that back like that, and then send that back straight to your AI agent for it to kind straight to your AI agent for it to kind straight to your AI agent for it to kind of reiterate on that. So, those are the of reiterate on that. So, those are the of reiterate on that. So, those are the three kind of main Crit modes in which three kind of main Crit modes in which three kind of main Crit modes in which you would operate. Now, they have a you would operate. Now, they have a you would operate. Now, they have a fourth one called preview. I just want fourth one called preview. I just want fourth one called preview. I just want to show you that one just because to show you that one just because to show you that one just because preview is basically you point it to an preview is basically you point it to an preview is basically you point it to an HTML file. It renders it. To me, it's HTML file. It renders it. To me, it's HTML file. It renders it. To me, it's like a lesser version of the live mode, like a lesser version of the live mode, like a lesser version of the live mode, which I think is basically what you which I think is basically what you which I think is basically what you would reach for anyway. You would would reach for anyway. You would would reach for anyway. You would honestly never use HTML outside of a honestly never use HTML outside of a honestly never use HTML outside of a server, but, you know, there's some use server, but, you know, there's some use server, but, you know, there's some use cases where, you know, you're just cases where, you know, you're just cases where, you know, you're just generating HTML. I think that's fine, generating HTML. I think that's fine, generating HTML. I think that's fine, just not terribly useful in my opinion, just not terribly useful in my opinion, just not terribly useful in my opinion, so I'll just skip that. So, like I said, so I'll just skip that. So, like I said, so I'll just skip that. So, like I said, Crit is a CLI command you would install Crit is a CLI command you would install Crit is a CLI command you would install onto your computer, so it's super easy onto your computer, so it's super easy onto your computer, so it's super easy to install. And then, what you would do to install. And then, what you would do to install. And then, what you would do is you would integrate it with your is you would integrate it with your is you would integrate it with your coding agents. Now, you obviously you coding agents. Now, you obviously you coding agents. Now, you obviously you can run the Crit CLI directly, but it's can run the Crit CLI directly, but it's can run the Crit CLI directly, but it's really more powerful when you run it in really more powerful when you run it in really more powerful when you run it in conjunction with an AI harness. And Crit conjunction with an AI harness. And Crit conjunction with an AI harness. And Crit supports pretty much all, if not most of supports pretty much all, if not most of supports pretty much all, if not most of the AI harnesses that you would be the AI harnesses that you would be the AI harnesses that you would be reaching for. In our demonstration reaching for. In our demonstration reaching for. In our demonstration purposes, we'll be using Claude Code. purposes, we'll be using Claude Code. purposes, we'll be using Claude Code. But yeah, getting started is super easy. But yeah, getting started is super easy. But yeah, getting started is super easy. You just click on the getting started You just click on the getting started You just click on the getting started link at the top of the page. I'll have link at the top of the page. I'll have link at the top of the page. I'll have the link to the website down in the the link to the website down in the the link to the website down in the description down below. You do want to description down below. You do want to description down below. You do want to run this command. Now, here's the good run this command. Now, here's the good run this command. Now, here's the good part. For the first time in our lives, part. For the first time in our lives, part. For the first time in our lives, we have Windows support for a new we have Windows support for a new we have Windows support for a new application. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; That's fantastic to see. Crits should &gt;&gt; That's fantastic to see. Crits should &gt;&gt; That's fantastic to see. Crits should work on Windows. I haven't tested it work on Windows. I haven't tested it work on Windows. I haven't tested it myself, but the fact that they have the myself, but the fact that they have the myself, but the fact that they have the command here, I think it's a really command here, I think it's a really command here, I think it's a really positive sign. So, all you Windows positive sign. So, all you Windows positive sign. So, all you Windows users, go ahead, go crazy, use Crits. I users, go ahead, go crazy, use Crits. I users, go ahead, go crazy, use Crits. I think it's going to be great. But think it's going to be great. But think it's going to be great. But basically, run the command, and after basically, run the command, and after basically, run the command, and after that, you want to hook up your Crits that, you want to hook up your Crits that, you want to hook up your Crits command uh plugin to your AI agent command uh plugin to your AI agent command uh plugin to your AI agent harness. So, follow those commands harness. So, follow those commands harness. So, follow those commands there. Super easy. I did the exact same there. Super easy. I did the exact same there. Super easy. I did the exact same thing. Ran flawlessly. And after that, thing. Ran flawlessly. And after that, thing. Ran flawlessly. And after that, here's the fun part. So, with Crits, here's the fun part. So, with Crits, here's the fun part. So, with Crits, Crits unlocks a brand new feedback loop Crits unlocks a brand new feedback loop Crits unlocks a brand new feedback loop working with your AI agent that I think working with your AI agent that I think working with your AI agent that I think is just a really nice experience. Let me is just a really nice experience. Let me is just a really nice experience. Let me show you how that works. I already have show you how that works. I already have show you how that works. I already have the PRD file that I showed you earlier the PRD file that I showed you earlier the PRD file that I showed you earlier ready to go. All I have to do is invoke ready to go. All I have to do is invoke ready to go. All I have to do is invoke my Crits agent skill, my Crits agent skill, my Crits agent skill, and I point it to that PRD file. And now, Claude Code spins up that Crit And now, Claude Code spins up that Crit And now, Claude Code spins up that Crit server, and I'm able to see the markdown server, and I'm able to see the markdown server, and I'm able to see the markdown and provide feedback to it. So, if I and provide feedback to it. So, if I and provide feedback to it. So, if I want to add a different goal to it, say, want to add a different goal to it, say, want to add a different goal to it, say, make sure the UI looks really, really make sure the UI looks really, really make sure the UI looks really, really nice. nice. nice. Comment that and finish review. You'll Comment that and finish review. You'll Comment that and finish review. You'll notice that the background command here notice that the background command here notice that the background command here has exited, and Claude Code is now has exited, and Claude Code is now has exited, and Claude Code is now reading the new output of that file. And reading the new output of that file. And reading the new output of that file. And in a moment, it's going to take the in a moment, it's going to take the in a moment, it's going to take the review into consideration, update the review into consideration, update the review into consideration, update the PRD file, and spin up that server again. PRD file, and spin up that server again. PRD file, and spin up that server again. So, yeah, now we're able to see that the So, yeah, now we're able to see that the So, yeah, now we're able to see that the reviewer left one comment, and that reviewer left one comment, and that reviewer left one comment, and that reviewer is me. Make sure the UI looks reviewer is me. Make sure the UI looks reviewer is me. Make sure the UI looks really, really nice. And Claude Code is really, really nice. And Claude Code is really, really nice. And Claude Code is working on that PRD file, which is working on that PRD file, which is working on that PRD file, which is perfect. And eventually, it's going to perfect. And eventually, it's going to perfect. And eventually, it's going to finish and reapply that. And without finish and reapply that. And without finish and reapply that. And without refreshing the page, you'll notice that refreshing the page, you'll notice that refreshing the page, you'll notice that my Critz UI has a brand new comment left my Critz UI has a brand new comment left my Critz UI has a brand new comment left by my Claude code. So, in essence, by my Claude code. So, in essence, by my Claude code. So, in essence, you're able to create a brand new you're able to create a brand new you're able to create a brand new feedback loop with your Claude code or feedback loop with your Claude code or feedback loop with your Claude code or your agent harness by using Critz UI to your agent harness by using Critz UI to your agent harness by using Critz UI to communicate back and forth with your communicate back and forth with your communicate back and forth with your agent harness. And I found this agent harness. And I found this agent harness. And I found this experience quite delightful because it's experience quite delightful because it's experience quite delightful because it's kind of like a format that I'm very used kind of like a format that I'm very used kind of like a format that I'm very used to, and it's also very nice to be able to, and it's also very nice to be able to, and it's also very nice to be able to dictate exactly where in the markdown to dictate exactly where in the markdown to dictate exactly where in the markdown that I have issues with. So, once you that I have issues with. So, once you that I have issues with. So, once you have your PRD up to code and you have it have your PRD up to code and you have it have your PRD up to code and you have it exactly the way you want it, next thing exactly the way you want it, next thing exactly the way you want it, next thing you'll generally want to do is actually you'll generally want to do is actually you'll generally want to do is actually code out a feature. Now, I have here in code out a feature. Now, I have here in code out a feature. Now, I have here in front of me an example uh blogging front of me an example uh blogging front of me an example uh blogging platform uh where I added the feature to platform uh where I added the feature to platform uh where I added the feature to add text to your blog posts. Now, I just add text to your blog posts. Now, I just add text to your blog posts. Now, I just wanted to give you another demonstration wanted to give you another demonstration wanted to give you another demonstration of how that feedback loop works. So, in of how that feedback loop works. So, in of how that feedback loop works. So, in this case, I can just say, "Hey, this this case, I can just say, "Hey, this this case, I can just say, "Hey, this list tag should use a unique tag, so use list tag should use a unique tag, so use list tag should use a unique tag, so use UUID to generate a key for this array." UUID to generate a key for this array." UUID to generate a key for this array." And then, even if I wanted to, I can And then, even if I wanted to, I can And then, even if I wanted to, I can click on the suggest button to actually click on the suggest button to actually click on the suggest button to actually change the code myself. Very similar change the code myself. Very similar change the code myself. Very similar features to the GitHub pull request features to the GitHub pull request features to the GitHub pull request review UI as well, which is really nice. review UI as well, which is really nice. review UI as well, which is really nice. So, yeah, leave that comment, hit finish So, yeah, leave that comment, hit finish So, yeah, leave that comment, hit finish review, and then the agent is notified. review, and then the agent is notified. review, and then the agent is notified. And in the case that something does go And in the case that something does go And in the case that something does go wrong, you know, the the maintainer is wrong, you know, the the maintainer is wrong, you know, the the maintainer is was nice enough to give you this command was nice enough to give you this command was nice enough to give you this command that you can copy and paste back to your that you can copy and paste back to your that you can copy and paste back to your agent. But in sometime, not even having agent. But in sometime, not even having agent. But in sometime, not even having to look at my terminal, this is going to to look at my terminal, this is going to to look at my terminal, this is going to be updated. But I do want to show you be updated. But I do want to show you be updated. But I do want to show you what that looks like. So, behind the what that looks like. So, behind the what that looks like. So, behind the scenes, you can see that Claude code has scenes, you can see that Claude code has scenes, you can see that Claude code has received this review. It's working on received this review. It's working on received this review. It's working on that change and it's going to come back that change and it's going to come back that change and it's going to come back and say again, got a lovely little and say again, got a lovely little and say again, got a lovely little comment, "Oh, I pushed back on this one. comment, "Oh, I pushed back on this one. comment, "Oh, I pushed back on this one. A UUID generated at random time produces A UUID generated at random time produces A UUID generated at random time produces a new key." Perfect, right? So, what we a new key." Perfect, right? So, what we a new key." Perfect, right? So, what we have here is a fantastic user have here is a fantastic user have here is a fantastic user experience, a developer experience, mind experience, a developer experience, mind experience, a developer experience, mind you, on working with the AI agents. This you, on working with the AI agents. This you, on working with the AI agents. This brand new feedback loop should be a very brand new feedback loop should be a very brand new feedback loop should be a very nice way for you to review what the AI nice way for you to review what the AI nice way for you to review what the AI agent is doing. The last step in the agent is doing. The last step in the agent is doing. The last step in the Critz feedback loop is to review the Critz feedback loop is to review the Critz feedback loop is to review the changes on the live web server. So, changes on the live web server. So, changes on the live web server. So, again, I went back to this repository again, I went back to this repository again, I went back to this repository that I created just for this that I created just for this that I created just for this demonstration. It's a tennis club demonstration. It's a tennis club demonstration. It's a tennis club website. I spun up Cloud Code on this website. I spun up Cloud Code on this website. I spun up Cloud Code on this repository and I ran the the Crit repository and I ran the the Crit repository and I ran the the Crit command. It figured out for itself that command. It figured out for itself that command. It figured out for itself that it's not a Git repo. There's no dev it's not a Git repo. There's no dev it's not a Git repo. There's no dev servers running, no plain file in servers running, no plain file in servers running, no plain file in context. It is a React and Vite context. It is a React and Vite context. It is a React and Vite application, so it figured out it needs application, so it figured out it needs application, so it figured out it needs to start up the dev server and point to start up the dev server and point to start up the dev server and point Crit at that live page. Super, super Crit at that live page. Super, super Crit at that live page. Super, super smart agent skill. I love the fact that smart agent skill. I love the fact that smart agent skill. I love the fact that I can just run Crit and it kind of I can just run Crit and it kind of I can just run Crit and it kind of figures out what it needs to do. But, figures out what it needs to do. But, figures out what it needs to do. But, yeah, to finally close off that very yeah, to finally close off that very yeah, to finally close off that very last part of your feature development last part of your feature development last part of your feature development life cycle, you're going to want to spin life cycle, you're going to want to spin life cycle, you're going to want to spin up your live web server and provide up your live web server and provide up your live web server and provide feedback on it. Navigate through it, feedback on it. Navigate through it, feedback on it. Navigate through it, press the pin button to switch into the press the pin button to switch into the press the pin button to switch into the pin mode, and then, yeah, just like pin mode, and then, yeah, just like pin mode, and then, yeah, just like provide feedback. Super, super lovely provide feedback. Super, super lovely provide feedback. Super, super lovely stuff. I think the developer here has stuff. I think the developer here has stuff. I think the developer here has created something wonderful, but that is created something wonderful, but that is created something wonderful, but that is not without its downsides. When it comes not without its downsides. When it comes not without its downsides. When it comes to downsides to Crits, there honestly to downsides to Crits, there honestly to downsides to Crits, there honestly aren't too many. As far as new aren't too many. As far as new aren't too many. As far as new softwares, new open source softwares go, softwares, new open source softwares go, softwares, new open source softwares go, this is relatively bug-free, which I do this is relatively bug-free, which I do this is relatively bug-free, which I do appreciate. So, good on you, maintainer, appreciate. So, good on you, maintainer, appreciate. So, good on you, maintainer, for making some great software. There is for making some great software. There is for making some great software. There is two problems that I do see. One's kind two problems that I do see. One's kind two problems that I do see. One's kind of easy to fix, the other one's not so of easy to fix, the other one's not so of easy to fix, the other one's not so much. The easy to fix problem here is much. The easy to fix problem here is much. The easy to fix problem here is that Crit does assume that you're that Crit does assume that you're that Crit does assume that you're working on kind of one development working on kind of one development working on kind of one development project at a time. So, if I'm working on project at a time. So, if I'm working on project at a time. So, if I'm working on multiple projects at once, it's hard for multiple projects at once, it's hard for multiple projects at once, it's hard for me to kind of figure out which project me to kind of figure out which project me to kind of figure out which project I'm looking at just from looking at the I'm looking at just from looking at the I'm looking at just from looking at the navbar, right? It just has Crits as a navbar, right? It just has Crits as a navbar, right? It just has Crits as a navbar. I think it would be wonderful to navbar. I think it would be wonderful to navbar. I think it would be wonderful to be able to have the AI agent label which be able to have the AI agent label which be able to have the AI agent label which project this is and just kind of inject project this is and just kind of inject project this is and just kind of inject that to the top bar. I think that would that to the top bar. I think that would that to the top bar. I think that would go a long way into figuring out, "Oh, go a long way into figuring out, "Oh, go a long way into figuring out, "Oh, this Crits instance is for this this Crits instance is for this this Crits instance is for this project." So on and so forth. The second project." So on and so forth. The second project." So on and so forth. The second issue that I see here is this new issue that I see here is this new issue that I see here is this new workflow is really nice. So, you have workflow is really nice. So, you have workflow is really nice. So, you have your PRD creation, your planning phase, your PRD creation, your planning phase, your PRD creation, your planning phase, your code diff viewer phase, and then your code diff viewer phase, and then your code diff viewer phase, and then you have your live server. These three you have your live server. These three you have your live server. These three awesome modes are really, really great awesome modes are really, really great awesome modes are really, really great in isolation. But, I don't think there in isolation. But, I don't think there in isolation. But, I don't think there currently exists, or correct me if I'm currently exists, or correct me if I'm currently exists, or correct me if I'm wrong, there doesn't seem to be a really wrong, there doesn't seem to be a really wrong, there doesn't seem to be a really nice way to transition from these ways nice way to transition from these ways nice way to transition from these ways without having to go back to your without having to go back to your without having to go back to your terminal and kind of re-prompt your AI terminal and kind of re-prompt your AI terminal and kind of re-prompt your AI agent to spin up the next server. So, if agent to spin up the next server. So, if agent to spin up the next server. So, if there could be some architectural or there could be some architectural or there could be some architectural or process considerations to be able to process considerations to be able to process considerations to be able to kind of seamlessly kind of flow between kind of seamlessly kind of flow between kind of seamlessly kind of flow between these states, I think that would make these states, I think that would make these states, I think that would make this software even greater than it this software even greater than it this software even greater than it currently is. But, as it stands right currently is. But, as it stands right currently is. But, as it stands right now, it's just a a little bit of extra now, it's just a a little bit of extra now, it's just a a little bit of extra work just kind of kind of going going work just kind of kind of going going work just kind of kind of going going back to the terminal and be like, "Hey, back to the terminal and be like, "Hey, back to the terminal and be like, "Hey, oh, we're done the planning phase. Uh oh, we're done the planning phase. Uh oh, we're done the planning phase. Uh let's actually code it out." But, yeah, let's actually code it out." But, yeah, let's actually code it out." But, yeah, that's honestly all I have. Before I that's honestly all I have. Before I that's honestly all I have. Before I close off this video, I would like to close off this video, I would like to close off this video, I would like to thank Thomas for not only creating this thank Thomas for not only creating this thank Thomas for not only creating this awesome software, but also reaching out awesome software, but also reaching out awesome software, but also reaching out to me on X so as to put this lovely to me on X so as to put this lovely to me on X so as to put this lovely piece of software on my radar. I like to piece of software on my radar. I like to piece of software on my radar. I like to cover softwares like this on my channel, cover softwares like this on my channel, cover softwares like this on my channel, kind of new, emerging open-source kind of new, emerging open-source kind of new, emerging open-source software that's really useful for a lot software that's really useful for a lot software that's really useful for a lot of other people. So, if you like this of other people. So, if you like this of other people. So, if you like this kind of content, make sure to subscribe, kind of content, make sure to subscribe, kind of content, make sure to subscribe, hit that like button. Please stay hit that like button. Please stay hit that like button. Please stay notified so cuz uh there there is more notified so cuz uh there there is more notified so cuz uh there there is more stuff like this coming out in the stuff like this coming out in the stuff like this coming out in the future. But, yeah, thank you so much for future. But, yeah, thank you so much for future. But, yeah, thank you so much for watching this video. I hope to catch you watching this video. I hope to catch you watching this video. I hope to catch you in the next one, and hope you have a in the next one, and hope you have a in the next one, and hope you have a great rest of your week. Take care. great rest of your week. Take care. great rest of your week. Take care. Bye-bye.
