Wow, things are moving really, really Wow, things are moving really, really Wow, things are moving really, really fast right now. Check this out. Open fast right now. Check this out. Open fast right now. Check this out. Open Claw. Open AAI and the future. This is Claw. Open AAI and the future. This is Claw. Open AAI and the future. This is from Peter Steinberger. He created from Peter Steinberger. He created from Peter Steinberger. He created OpenClaw. We've been talking about this OpenClaw. We've been talking about this OpenClaw. We've been talking about this on the channel this week. He says, "I'm on the channel this week. He says, "I'm on the channel this week. He says, "I'm joining Open AI to bring agents to joining Open AI to bring agents to joining Open AI to bring agents to everyone. Openclaw is becoming a everyone. Openclaw is becoming a everyone. Openclaw is becoming a foundation, open, independent, and just foundation, open, independent, and just foundation, open, independent, and just getting started." getting started." getting started." What? Like, we were just talking about What? Like, we were just talking about What? Like, we were just talking about this. This was just last week. I showed this. This was just last week. I showed this. This was just last week. I showed you this picture before. This is his you this picture before. This is his you this picture before. This is his office. He's got a bunch of chatbot office. He's got a bunch of chatbot office. He's got a bunch of chatbot windows open. All the rage this past windows open. All the rage this past windows open. All the rage this past week has been over these AI agent week has been over these AI agent week has been over these AI agent things. We basically can automate a things. We basically can automate a things. We basically can automate a bunch of tasks. They made that social bunch of tasks. They made that social bunch of tasks. They made that social network thing where all the robots talk network thing where all the robots talk network thing where all the robots talk to each other and make their own to each other and make their own to each other and make their own religion or whatever. [laughter] religion or whatever. [laughter] religion or whatever. [laughter] But now, because this is all the rage, But now, because this is all the rage, But now, because this is all the rage, he's joining Open AI. he's joining Open AI. he's joining Open AI. &gt;&gt; I don't think I ever had &gt;&gt; I don't think I ever had &gt;&gt; I don't think I ever had that much fun. I mean, the whole year that much fun. I mean, the whole year that much fun. I mean, the whole year I'm just I'm just marveling at what's I'm just I'm just marveling at what's I'm just I'm just marveling at what's possible. Now it is if you're a builder, possible. Now it is if you're a builder, possible. Now it is if you're a builder, this is like what a time to be alive. this is like what a time to be alive. this is like what a time to be alive. &gt;&gt; What a time to be alive. Okay, this is &gt;&gt; What a time to be alive. Okay, this is &gt;&gt; What a time to be alive. Okay, this is Sam Alman Sam Alman Sam Alman talking about Peter Steinberger. He says talking about Peter Steinberger. He says talking about Peter Steinberger. He says Peter Steinberger is joining OpenAI to Peter Steinberger is joining OpenAI to Peter Steinberger is joining OpenAI to drive the next generation of personal drive the next generation of personal drive the next generation of personal agents. agents. agents. He is a genius with a lot of amazing He is a genius with a lot of amazing He is a genius with a lot of amazing ideas about the future of very smart ideas about the future of very smart ideas about the future of very smart agents interacting with each other. Oh agents interacting with each other. Oh agents interacting with each other. Oh god. To do very useful things for god. To do very useful things for god. To do very useful things for people. So again, we're talking about people. So again, we're talking about people. So again, we're talking about these AI chat by agent things that will, these AI chat by agent things that will, these AI chat by agent things that will, you know, automate a bunch of tasks. And you know, automate a bunch of tasks. And you know, automate a bunch of tasks. And then now we're talking about the agents then now we're talking about the agents then now we're talking about the agents talking, the AI agents talking to each talking, the AI agents talking to each talking, the AI agents talking to each other. And then where's where do the other. And then where's where do the other. And then where's where do the humans fit in? I mean, that's always my humans fit in? I mean, that's always my humans fit in? I mean, that's always my question on this stuff. We expect this question on this stuff. We expect this question on this stuff. We expect this uh will quickly become core to our uh will quickly become core to our uh will quickly become core to our product offerings. product offerings. product offerings. Wow. So basically, OpenAI, they called Wow. So basically, OpenAI, they called Wow. So basically, OpenAI, they called Code Red before because the rumor is Code Red before because the rumor is Code Red before because the rumor is they're going to run out of cash next they're going to run out of cash next they're going to run out of cash next year and they need to get people to year and they need to get people to year and they need to get people to start paying for their service start paying for their service start paying for their service basically. And so I guess from a basically. And so I guess from a basically. And so I guess from a consumer standpoint because they're consumer standpoint because they're consumer standpoint because they're focused on trying to get consumer uh you focused on trying to get consumer uh you focused on trying to get consumer uh you know signing up and paying for their know signing up and paying for their know signing up and paying for their service where Anthropic is going more service where Anthropic is going more service where Anthropic is going more for enterprise B2B this kind of stuff. for enterprise B2B this kind of stuff. for enterprise B2B this kind of stuff. Now I guess from their point of view Now I guess from their point of view Now I guess from their point of view it's like hey look at all this uh rage it's like hey look at all this uh rage it's like hey look at all this uh rage and is that the right word rage or and is that the right word rage or and is that the right word rage or internet excitement um for internet excitement um for internet excitement um for this openclaw stuff like all these this openclaw stuff like all these this openclaw stuff like all these people are are getting this thing and people are are getting this thing and people are are getting this thing and open the eyes is like okay let's get open the eyes is like okay let's get open the eyes is like okay let's get some of that money openclaw will live in some of that money openclaw will live in some of that money openclaw will live in a foundation as an open-source project a foundation as an open-source project a foundation as an open-source project that openai will continue to support the that openai will continue to support the that openai will continue to support the future is going to be extremely multi- future is going to be extremely multi- future is going to be extremely multi- aent and it's important to us uh to aent and it's important to us uh to aent and it's important to us uh to support open source as part of that. support open source as part of that. support open source as part of that. Okay. And I want to hear from people in Okay. And I want to hear from people in Okay. And I want to hear from people in in the tech community. I mean, this is in the tech community. I mean, this is in the tech community. I mean, this is just coming out just a few minutes ago. just coming out just a few minutes ago. just coming out just a few minutes ago. I want to hear your thoughts. Uh this is I want to hear your thoughts. Uh this is I want to hear your thoughts. Uh this is from Peter Steinberger. So again, the from Peter Steinberger. So again, the from Peter Steinberger. So again, the creator of OpenClaw is joining OpenAI. creator of OpenClaw is joining OpenAI. creator of OpenClaw is joining OpenAI. You're seeing a consolidation then in You're seeing a consolidation then in You're seeing a consolidation then in this space. TLDDR, I'm joining OpenAI to this space. TLDDR, I'm joining OpenAI to this space. TLDDR, I'm joining OpenAI to work on bringing agents to everyone. work on bringing agents to everyone. work on bringing agents to everyone. OpenClaw will move to a foundation and OpenClaw will move to a foundation and OpenClaw will move to a foundation and stay open and independent. Okay. The stay open and independent. Okay. The stay open and independent. Okay. The last month was a whirlwind. Never would last month was a whirlwind. Never would last month was a whirlwind. Never would I have expected that my playground I have expected that my playground I have expected that my playground project would create such waves. The project would create such waves. The project would create such waves. The internet got weird again. Yeah. I mean, internet got weird again. Yeah. I mean, internet got weird again. Yeah. I mean, it it was fast. It was just like last it it was fast. It was just like last it it was fast. It was just like last week we just started talking about, hey, week we just started talking about, hey, week we just started talking about, hey, there's this new agent thing people are there's this new agent thing people are there's this new agent thing people are putting on your phone. Be careful. There putting on your phone. Be careful. There putting on your phone. Be careful. There might be malware on there, right? People might be malware on there, right? People might be malware on there, right? People are out buying computers supposedly for are out buying computers supposedly for are out buying computers supposedly for all these things. And now suddenly now all these things. And now suddenly now all these things. And now suddenly now we're joining OpenAI. The internet got we're joining OpenAI. The internet got we're joining OpenAI. The internet got weird again. And it's been incredibly weird again. And it's been incredibly weird again. And it's been incredibly fun to see how my work inspires so many fun to see how my work inspires so many fun to see how my work inspires so many people around the world. people around the world. people around the world. There's an endless array of There's an endless array of There's an endless array of possibilities that opened up for me. possibilities that opened up for me. possibilities that opened up for me. Okay. Countless people trying to push me Okay. Countless people trying to push me Okay. Countless people trying to push me into various directions, give me advice, into various directions, give me advice, into various directions, give me advice, asking how they can invest or what will asking how they can invest or what will asking how they can invest or what will I do. Saying it's overwhelming is an I do. Saying it's overwhelming is an I do. Saying it's overwhelming is an understatement. And I think I think he understatement. And I think I think he understatement. And I think I think he had like multiple offers from multiple had like multiple offers from multiple had like multiple offers from multiple companies like you know big names. companies like you know big names. companies like you know big names. It's I I'm I'm even shocked like It's I I'm I'm even shocked like It's I I'm I'm even shocked like watching from outside like this thing. watching from outside like this thing. watching from outside like this thing. When I started exploring AI, my goal was When I started exploring AI, my goal was When I started exploring AI, my goal was to have fun and inspire people. And here to have fun and inspire people. And here to have fun and inspire people. And here we are. The lobster is taking over the we are. The lobster is taking over the we are. The lobster is taking over the world. Great. Uh my next mission is to world. Great. Uh my next mission is to world. Great. Uh my next mission is to build an agent that even my mom can use build an agent that even my mom can use build an agent that even my mom can use that'll need a broader change, a lot that'll need a broader change, a lot that'll need a broader change, a lot more uh thought on how to do it safely. more uh thought on how to do it safely. more uh thought on how to do it safely. I agree safety is important. And access I agree safety is important. And access I agree safety is important. And access to the very latest models and research. to the very latest models and research. to the very latest models and research. Yes, I could totally see how OpenClaw Yes, I could totally see how OpenClaw Yes, I could totally see how OpenClaw could become a huge company. And no, could become a huge company. And no, could become a huge company. And no, it's not really exciting for me. I'm a it's not really exciting for me. I'm a it's not really exciting for me. I'm a builder at heart. I did the whole builder at heart. I did the whole builder at heart. I did the whole creating a company thing already. poured creating a company thing already. poured creating a company thing already. poured 13 years of my life into it and learned 13 years of my life into it and learned 13 years of my life into it and learned a lot. What I want is to change the a lot. What I want is to change the a lot. What I want is to change the world, not build a large company. And world, not build a large company. And world, not build a large company. And teaming up with OpenAI is the fastest teaming up with OpenAI is the fastest teaming up with OpenAI is the fastest way to bring this to everyone. way to bring this to everyone. way to bring this to everyone. Interesting. Some people are like that. Interesting. Some people are like that. Interesting. Some people are like that. They It's like they just want to build They It's like they just want to build They It's like they just want to build whatever technology. But then there's whatever technology. But then there's whatever technology. But then there's other people are like, whoa, there's other people are like, whoa, there's other people are like, whoa, there's dollar signs there and it becomes a dollar signs there and it becomes a dollar signs there and it becomes a whole other thing. So this stuff is whole other thing. So this stuff is whole other thing. So this stuff is happening so so fast. Uh we can read a happening so so fast. Uh we can read a happening so so fast. Uh we can read a little bit more here. It says, I spent little bit more here. It says, I spent little bit more here. It says, I spent last week in San Francisco talking with last week in San Francisco talking with last week in San Francisco talking with major labs, right? So open I being one major labs, right? So open I being one major labs, right? So open I being one of them of course getting access to of them of course getting access to of them of course getting access to people and unreleased research and it's people and unreleased research and it's people and unreleased research and it's been inspiring on all fronts. I want to been inspiring on all fronts. I want to been inspiring on all fronts. I want to thank all the folks I talked to this thank all the folks I talked to this thank all the folks I talked to this week and I'm thankful for the week and I'm thankful for the week and I'm thankful for the opportunities. It's always been opportunities. It's always been opportunities. It's always been important to me that open cloth stays important to me that open cloth stays important to me that open cloth stays open source and given the freedom to open source and given the freedom to open source and given the freedom to flourish. Ultimately I felt open was the flourish. Ultimately I felt open was the flourish. Ultimately I felt open was the best place to continue pushing on my best place to continue pushing on my best place to continue pushing on my vision and expand its reach. The more I vision and expand its reach. The more I vision and expand its reach. The more I talked with the people there, the clear talked with the people there, the clear talked with the people there, the clear it became that we both share the same it became that we both share the same it became that we both share the same vision. The community around OpenClaw is vision. The community around OpenClaw is vision. The community around OpenClaw is something magical and OpenAI has made something magical and OpenAI has made something magical and OpenAI has made strong commitments to enable me to strong commitments to enable me to strong commitments to enable me to dedicate my life or my time uh to it and dedicate my life or my time uh to it and dedicate my life or my time uh to it and already sponsors the project. To get already sponsors the project. To get already sponsors the project. To get this into a proper structure, I'm this into a proper structure, I'm this into a proper structure, I'm working on making a foundation. It will working on making a foundation. It will working on making a foundation. It will stay in place for thinkers, hackers, and stay in place for thinkers, hackers, and stay in place for thinkers, hackers, and people that want a way to own their data people that want a way to own their data people that want a way to own their data with the goal of supporting even more with the goal of supporting even more with the goal of supporting even more models and companies. Personally, I'm models and companies. Personally, I'm models and companies. Personally, I'm excited uh to join OpenAI and be part of excited uh to join OpenAI and be part of excited uh to join OpenAI and be part of the frontier of AI research and the frontier of AI research and the frontier of AI research and development and continue building with development and continue building with development and continue building with all of you. The claw is the law. And all of you. The claw is the law. And all of you. The claw is the law. And then I guess that's him with all the then I guess that's him with all the then I guess that's him with all the buddies that are working on this thing. buddies that are working on this thing. buddies that are working on this thing. I I like to hear again from tech people I I like to hear again from tech people I I like to hear again from tech people on this stuff. I have a lot to say about on this stuff. I have a lot to say about on this stuff. I have a lot to say about these things. I'll just say this. Um these things. I'll just say this. Um these things. I'll just say this. Um I've noticed a lot of young people are I've noticed a lot of young people are I've noticed a lot of young people are already trying to use these agent stuff already trying to use these agent stuff already trying to use these agent stuff for various tasks. Some Well, I'll just for various tasks. Some Well, I'll just for various tasks. Some Well, I'll just say this. This is from Zwen. You can see say this. This is from Zwen. You can see say this. This is from Zwen. You can see his own words. Day six. Open claw almost his own words. Day six. Open claw almost his own words. Day six. Open claw almost bankrupt me overnight. [laughter] Great. bankrupt me overnight. [laughter] Great. bankrupt me overnight. [laughter] Great. Of course it did. I'll admit it. I got Of course it did. I'll admit it. I got Of course it did. I'll admit it. I got too excited and a little cocky. My AI too excited and a little cocky. My AI too excited and a little cocky. My AI agents nearly make me went bankrupt. agents nearly make me went bankrupt. agents nearly make me went bankrupt. Dollar emoji. The quote heartbreak trap Dollar emoji. The quote heartbreak trap Dollar emoji. The quote heartbreak trap is real. Nine agents pinging all night is real. Nine agents pinging all night is real. Nine agents pinging all night obliterating my wallet. GLM4 glitched. obliterating my wallet. GLM4 glitched. obliterating my wallet. GLM4 glitched. Fallbacks triggered and cost exploded Fallbacks triggered and cost exploded Fallbacks triggered and cost exploded while I slept. I'm 25. I can't afford while I slept. I'm 25. I can't afford while I slept. I'm 25. I can't afford idle brains or token bloat. So I burned idle brains or token bloat. So I burned idle brains or token bloat. So I burned it down and reset to zero. I stripped it down and reset to zero. I stripped it down and reset to zero. I stripped the heartbeats and simplified to a two the heartbeats and simplified to a two the heartbeats and simplified to a two agent elite squad. The result, the agent elite squad. The result, the agent elite squad. The result, the system is faster, logic cleaner, and the system is faster, logic cleaner, and the system is faster, logic cleaner, and the overod overhead is gone. I'm not just overod overhead is gone. I'm not just overod overhead is gone. I'm not just building a startup. I'm building a lean building a startup. I'm building a lean building a startup. I'm building a lean mean execution machine. Sometimes you mean execution machine. Sometimes you mean execution machine. Sometimes you have to break the system to learn how to have to break the system to learn how to have to break the system to learn how to master it. Back to building. So these master it. Back to building. So these master it. Back to building. So these people basically are again spending a people basically are again spending a people basically are again spending a bunch of cash on the stuff because they bunch of cash on the stuff because they bunch of cash on the stuff because they think it's going to make them rich, think it's going to make them rich, think it's going to make them rich, effectively what it is. Uh, and OpenAI effectively what it is. Uh, and OpenAI effectively what it is. Uh, and OpenAI is like, oh, there's an opportunity is like, oh, there's an opportunity is like, oh, there's an opportunity there, right? That's why they're jumping there, right? That's why they're jumping there, right? That's why they're jumping in quick. I mean, this is fast. We just in quick. I mean, this is fast. We just in quick. I mean, this is fast. We just heard about this this last week. Today's heard about this this last week. Today's heard about this this last week. Today's day seven of me doing everything. I'm day seven of me doing everything. I'm day seven of me doing everything. I'm gonna break down in my entire API class. gonna break down in my entire API class. gonna break down in my entire API class. As you know, we have Clock Code already As you know, we have Clock Code already As you know, we have Clock Code already on the MacBook once again. And today, I on the MacBook once again. And today, I on the MacBook once again. And today, I hired two new employees. So, Sentinel hired two new employees. So, Sentinel hired two new employees. So, Sentinel and Trendy. So, now Jarvis manages eight and Trendy. So, now Jarvis manages eight and Trendy. So, now Jarvis manages eight employees under him that he manages and employees under him that he manages and employees under him that he manages and he reports to me. and I'm going to show he reports to me. and I'm going to show he reports to me. and I'm going to show you guys exactly all my API costs, my you guys exactly all my API costs, my you guys exactly all my API costs, my token expenditure, how I have everything token expenditure, how I have everything token expenditure, how I have everything set up. So, this is exactly how I'm set up. So, this is exactly how I'm set up. So, this is exactly how I'm running my 9% AI company and I'm only a running my 9% AI company and I'm only a running my 9% AI company and I'm only a week into OpenClaw. So, no matter what week into OpenClaw. So, no matter what week into OpenClaw. So, no matter what I'm doing my on my Mac Mini over here, I'm doing my on my Mac Mini over here, I'm doing my on my Mac Mini over here, I'm always using Cloud Code and coding I'm always using Cloud Code and coding I'm always using Cloud Code and coding on my MacBook. But this aside, let's go on my MacBook. But this aside, let's go on my MacBook. But this aside, let's go and break down every single one of these and break down every single one of these and break down every single one of these employees. Starting obviously with employees. Starting obviously with employees. Starting obviously with Jarvis. So, Jarvis is my chief strategy Jarvis. So, Jarvis is my chief strategy Jarvis. So, Jarvis is my chief strategy officer. So that my Jarvis, he's my officer. So that my Jarvis, he's my officer. So that my Jarvis, he's my openclaw agent. I don't have five Mac openclaw agent. I don't have five Mac openclaw agent. I don't have five Mac minis. I have one Mac Mini and each minis. I have one Mac Mini and each minis. I have one Mac Mini and each employee is a new session that's within employee is a new session that's within employee is a new session that's within the Open Claw gateway like system the Open Claw gateway like system the Open Claw gateway like system dashboard. So for Jarvis, it's whatever dashboard. So for Jarvis, it's whatever dashboard. So for Jarvis, it's whatever AI or whatever LLM you hook it up to. So AI or whatever LLM you hook it up to. So AI or whatever LLM you hook it up to. So obviously for me, I use Claude and I'm obviously for me, I use Claude and I'm obviously for me, I use Claude and I'm on the Claude Max plan. Whatever it is, on the Claude Max plan. Whatever it is, on the Claude Max plan. Whatever it is, it's like 125 bucks a month. And what it's like 125 bucks a month. And what it's like 125 bucks a month. And what I'm using specifically for Claude is I I'm using specifically for Claude is I I'm using specifically for Claude is I just have it hooked up. So that is just just have it hooked up. So that is just just have it hooked up. So that is just my thinking model. So Jarvis, I use my thinking model. So Jarvis, I use my thinking model. So Jarvis, I use Claude Opus 4.6 for thinking, for Claude Opus 4.6 for thinking, for Claude Opus 4.6 for thinking, for reasoning, and for just the personality. reasoning, and for just the personality. reasoning, and for just the personality. And I specifically tell Jarvis and his And I specifically tell Jarvis and his And I specifically tell Jarvis and his MD and his soul and his memory files, MD and his soul and his memory files, MD and his soul and his memory files, everything that he delegates tasks. He everything that he delegates tasks. He everything that he delegates tasks. He doesn't do he delegates task and gives doesn't do he delegates task and gives doesn't do he delegates task and gives me personality. [laughter] me personality. [laughter] me personality. [laughter] He said that before this guy and it's He said that before this guy and it's He said that before this guy and it's it's it's I always find this it's it's I always find this it's it's I always find this entertaining, but no, this this is a entertaining, but no, this this is a entertaining, but no, this this is a kid. Um, I think it's like 18. Uh, day kid. Um, I think it's like 18. Uh, day kid. Um, I think it's like 18. Uh, day seven of openclaw. My AI company now has seven of openclaw. My AI company now has seven of openclaw. My AI company now has nine employees that work 247. I broke nine employees that work 247. I broke nine employees that work 247. I broke down all my token optimization. So, it's down all my token optimization. So, it's down all my token optimization. So, it's kind of like credits essentially way to kind of like credits essentially way to kind of like credits essentially way to talk about it. Cost, what every single talk about it. Cost, what every single talk about it. Cost, what every single agent does, the amount of value this has agent does, the amount of value this has agent does, the amount of value this has brought my life. I truly wait to see brought my life. I truly wait to see brought my life. I truly wait to see where I will be in a month from now. I'm where I will be in a month from now. I'm where I will be in a month from now. I'm 18. No prior coding experience. This 18. No prior coding experience. This 18. No prior coding experience. This proves that anybody can do it. Again, proves that anybody can do it. Again, proves that anybody can do it. Again, this is a big push to get your money. this is a big push to get your money. this is a big push to get your money. Uh, someone writes, "What do you have it Uh, someone writes, "What do you have it Uh, someone writes, "What do you have it doing for you that is worth the money?" doing for you that is worth the money?" doing for you that is worth the money?" Okay. And then people will respond here, Okay. And then people will respond here, Okay. And then people will respond here, "Everything from closing, researching, "Everything from closing, researching, "Everything from closing, researching, monitoring, saving me time, and pro monitoring, saving me time, and pro monitoring, saving me time, and pro providing value to my life." That was providing value to my life." That was providing value to my life." That was the answer. Another person writes, "It the answer. Another person writes, "It the answer. Another person writes, "It sounds to me like he's learning a lot." sounds to me like he's learning a lot." sounds to me like he's learning a lot." Okay. Another person, he's probably he Okay. Another person, he's probably he Okay. Another person, he's probably he sells a course. Another one, he hasn't sells a course. Another one, he hasn't sells a course. Another one, he hasn't made a dollar from this. He's just made a dollar from this. He's just made a dollar from this. He's just spending money to have [laughter] fun. spending money to have [laughter] fun. spending money to have [laughter] fun. Bristle says it's all horse stuff. Bristle says it's all horse stuff. Bristle says it's all horse stuff. Another [laughter] Another [laughter] Another [laughter] person writes, "Not a penny has been person writes, "Not a penny has been person writes, "Not a penny has been made. Eventually though, this quote made. Eventually though, this quote made. Eventually though, this quote growth strategy theoretically he can growth strategy theoretically he can growth strategy theoretically he can start earning from views and ad start earning from views and ad start earning from views and ad revenue." That's pretty funny. Um, revenue." That's pretty funny. Um, revenue." That's pretty funny. Um, [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] okay. Along with your spend on on having okay. Along with your spend on on having okay. Along with your spend on on having your uh open uh was it uh open claw your uh open uh was it uh open claw your uh open uh was it uh open claw company supposedly with your nine company supposedly with your nine company supposedly with your nine employees of AI bots. Um we actually employees of AI bots. Um we actually employees of AI bots. Um we actually have a shortage of of chips at the have a shortage of of chips at the have a shortage of of chips at the moment. And so anyone who's been looking moment. And so anyone who's been looking moment. And so anyone who's been looking for RAM, I think it's like really for RAM, I think it's like really for RAM, I think it's like really expensive right now. Rampant AI demand expensive right now. Rampant AI demand expensive right now. Rampant AI demand for memory is fueling a growing chip for memory is fueling a growing chip for memory is fueling a growing chip crisis. Also, this open cloth thing, I crisis. Also, this open cloth thing, I crisis. Also, this open cloth thing, I guess it's going to be available now in guess it's going to be available now in guess it's going to be available now in China. This was just a couple days ago. China. This was just a couple days ago. China. This was just a couple days ago. I saw this and I was like, okay. And so, I saw this and I was like, okay. And so, I saw this and I was like, okay. And so, effectively is like if you want to put effectively is like if you want to put effectively is like if you want to put something in your phone, you know, the something in your phone, you know, the something in your phone, you know, the Chinese government can make it easy or Chinese government can make it easy or Chinese government can make it easy or not easy, but I guess people want this not easy, but I guess people want this not easy, but I guess people want this stuff and there's money to be made, stuff and there's money to be made, stuff and there's money to be made, right? So, they're selling you this right? So, they're selling you this right? So, they're selling you this access to the agent stuff, but just be access to the agent stuff, but just be access to the agent stuff, but just be careful because if it has access to your careful because if it has access to your careful because if it has access to your bank accounts or have access to your uh bank accounts or have access to your uh bank accounts or have access to your uh emails or text or whatever, looking at emails or text or whatever, looking at emails or text or whatever, looking at all this information and if you download all this information and if you download all this information and if you download the wrong thing, someone then has access the wrong thing, someone then has access the wrong thing, someone then has access to all of that. I I would be really ly to all of that. I I would be really ly to all of that. I I would be really ly especially with the AI agents who then especially with the AI agents who then especially with the AI agents who then have power to do tasks. That's why the have power to do tasks. That's why the have power to do tasks. That's why the the one person that before I said it the one person that before I said it the one person that before I said it went bankrupt. I think he had like nine went bankrupt. I think he had like nine went bankrupt. I think he had like nine of these bot things running and then of these bot things running and then of these bot things running and then they every time they run, you know, use they every time they run, you know, use they every time they run, you know, use essentially compute, you're spending essentially compute, you're spending essentially compute, you're spending token money and then I guess if you have token money and then I guess if you have token money and then I guess if you have your system set up to where like it your system set up to where like it your system set up to where like it automatically refills your account, then automatically refills your account, then automatically refills your account, then suddenly, yeah, it could drain very suddenly, yeah, it could drain very suddenly, yeah, it could drain very quickly. [laughter] quickly. [laughter] quickly. [laughter] Drain your account very quickly. That is Drain your account very quickly. That is Drain your account very quickly. That is &gt;&gt; all right. All right. So, few more &gt;&gt; all right. All right. So, few more &gt;&gt; all right. All right. So, few more thoughts on my tweet. Um thoughts on my tweet. Um thoughts on my tweet. Um people I don't think they they I don't people I don't think they they I don't people I don't think they they I don't know some of you understood what I meant know some of you understood what I meant know some of you understood what I meant others didn't understand it. Um so yes others didn't understand it. Um so yes others didn't understand it. Um so yes some thoughts I well I'll give you an some thoughts I well I'll give you an some thoughts I well I'll give you an example. So this morning I woke up and I example. So this morning I woke up and I example. So this morning I woke up and I checked Slack and there was a bug report checked Slack and there was a bug report checked Slack and there was a bug report from a customer and it was a really from a customer and it was a really from a customer and it was a really really good bug report detailed thorough really good bug report detailed thorough really good bug report detailed thorough and um I took a screenshot of that bug and um I took a screenshot of that bug and um I took a screenshot of that bug report. I pasted it into report. I pasted it into report. I pasted it into codeex 53 codeex 53 codeex 53 extra high and let it run and it was extra high and let it run and it was extra high and let it run and it was done after 5 minutes and the code looked done after 5 minutes and the code looked done after 5 minutes and the code looked good and I said did you run the tests good and I said did you run the tests good and I said did you run the tests and it ran the tests and they all passed and it ran the tests and they all passed and it ran the tests and they all passed and everything was fine. It was no and everything was fine. It was no and everything was fine. It was no compilation error nothing. Quickly compilation error nothing. Quickly compilation error nothing. Quickly looked at the code looked at the code looked at the code by reading the output it fully by reading the output it fully by reading the output it fully understood what the issue was of the understood what the issue was of the understood what the issue was of the original bug report. The code looked original bug report. The code looked original bug report. The code looked good. I said, "Okay, test the run." good. I said, "Okay, test the run." good. I said, "Okay, test the run." Like, "Okay." And then because I felt Like, "Okay." And then because I felt Like, "Okay." And then because I felt lazy not doing anything, I wrote a good lazy not doing anything, I wrote a good lazy not doing anything, I wrote a good commit message and pushed the change up commit message and pushed the change up commit message and pushed the change up and that was it. And I realized I'm the and that was it. And I realized I'm the and that was it. And I realized I'm the bottleneck. We could have piped bottleneck. We could have piped bottleneck. We could have piped from Slack from Slack from Slack to 53 codeex which is landing in Amps to 53 codeex which is landing in Amps to 53 codeex which is landing in Amps and that would that would have been it. and that would that would have been it. and that would that would have been it. And then And then And then &gt;&gt; if you become dependent on these, you &gt;&gt; if you become dependent on these, you &gt;&gt; if you become dependent on these, you know, bought things to do your to do know, bought things to do your to do know, bought things to do your to do your work essentially, you realize, your work essentially, you realize, your work essentially, you realize, whoa, I'm the middleman now. So, we whoa, I'm the middleman now. So, we whoa, I'm the middleman now. So, we could have went from the Slack directly could have went from the Slack directly could have went from the Slack directly to the code. And I think what a lot of to the code. And I think what a lot of to the code. And I think what a lot of people are end up doing is try to speed people are end up doing is try to speed people are end up doing is try to speed this as fast as they possibly can. And this as fast as they possibly can. And this as fast as they possibly can. And essentially what you see with the essentially what you see with the essentially what you see with the culture of Elon Musk XAI, you heard it culture of Elon Musk XAI, you heard it culture of Elon Musk XAI, you heard it from the young kids before, like, oh, from the young kids before, like, oh, from the young kids before, like, oh, you know, we just do things fast. We you know, we just do things fast. We you know, we just do things fast. We just we get stuff done, right? You heard just we get stuff done, right? You heard just we get stuff done, right? You heard him say that before. And we don't him say that before. And we don't him say that before. And we don't document anything. And I think a lot of document anything. And I think a lot of document anything. And I think a lot of people are going to be doing this kind people are going to be doing this kind people are going to be doing this kind of stuff. And you know, in the short of stuff. And you know, in the short of stuff. And you know, in the short term, whoever's charging you money to term, whoever's charging you money to term, whoever's charging you money to use all this compute power, right, the use all this compute power, right, the use all this compute power, right, the data centers, etc., they'll be spending data centers, etc., they'll be spending data centers, etc., they'll be spending your tokens like like um like it's your tokens like like um like it's your tokens like like um like it's nothing, right? The money will be gone nothing, right? The money will be gone nothing, right? The money will be gone very very quick. It'll be uh like chips very very quick. It'll be uh like chips very very quick. It'll be uh like chips at a casino kind of thing. Says workers at a casino kind of thing. Says workers at a casino kind of thing. Says workers are afraid AI will take their jobs. are afraid AI will take their jobs. are afraid AI will take their jobs. They're missing the bigger danger. Okay. They're missing the bigger danger. Okay. They're missing the bigger danger. Okay. So, not only am I going to lose my job, So, not only am I going to lose my job, So, not only am I going to lose my job, what is the bigger danger? It isn't what is the bigger danger? It isn't what is the bigger danger? It isn't whether artificial intelligence is going whether artificial intelligence is going whether artificial intelligence is going to replace them. It's who will control to replace them. It's who will control to replace them. It's who will control the knowledge that companies capture the knowledge that companies capture the knowledge that companies capture from their employees. Oh no. So I read from their employees. Oh no. So I read from their employees. Oh no. So I read through this thing and I'll just tell through this thing and I'll just tell through this thing and I'll just tell you what it is. Basically many companies you what it is. Basically many companies you what it is. Basically many companies these days and I've had this experience these days and I've had this experience these days and I've had this experience myself and I personally don't like it. myself and I personally don't like it. myself and I personally don't like it. Uh you work on the web in a way anyone Uh you work on the web in a way anyone Uh you work on the web in a way anyone who has a computer and works you know who has a computer and works you know who has a computer and works you know you'll know this u these companies like you'll know this u these companies like you'll know this u these companies like like you log into their system remotely like you log into their system remotely like you log into their system remotely and then you're like in a virtual and then you're like in a virtual and then you're like in a virtual desktop environment. For anyone who's in desktop environment. For anyone who's in desktop environment. For anyone who's in this you'll know. And then I guess that this you'll know. And then I guess that this you'll know. And then I guess that what they were saying here is that then what they were saying here is that then what they were saying here is that then the company depending on where you're at the company depending on where you're at the company depending on where you're at can record everything that you're doing can record everything that you're doing can record everything that you're doing in that virtual environment, all your in that virtual environment, all your in that virtual environment, all your emails, all the procedures, all of every emails, all the procedures, all of every emails, all the procedures, all of every click that you do and then basically get click that you do and then basically get click that you do and then basically get you are training the AI by just using you are training the AI by just using you are training the AI by just using your company's virtual desktop. And that your company's virtual desktop. And that your company's virtual desktop. And that that just blew my mind. I'm like, oh my that just blew my mind. I'm like, oh my that just blew my mind. I'm like, oh my god, that's probably totally true. So god, that's probably totally true. So god, that's probably totally true. So even so for example they give an example even so for example they give an example even so for example they give an example of like let's say uh you get a you get of like let's say uh you get a you get of like let's say uh you get a you get an email from a you know customer or an email from a you know customer or an email from a you know customer or whatever and then you reply and then the whatever and then you reply and then the whatever and then you reply and then the customer either puts in an order or customer either puts in an order or customer either puts in an order or doesn't put an order then the AI can doesn't put an order then the AI can doesn't put an order then the AI can like record all employees interaction like record all employees interaction like record all employees interaction with customers and start to like develop with customers and start to like develop with customers and start to like develop algorithms based on that kind of stuff. algorithms based on that kind of stuff. algorithms based on that kind of stuff. Is it certain language that you would Is it certain language that you would Is it certain language that you would use in emails etc. It's like I I just use in emails etc. It's like I I just use in emails etc. It's like I I just this stuff like I had even thought about this stuff like I had even thought about this stuff like I had even thought about like how we're training AI without like how we're training AI without like how we're training AI without knowing we're training AI. That was the knowing we're training AI. That was the knowing we're training AI. That was the point of the article of like people are point of the article of like people are point of the article of like people are worried about losing their job but they worried about losing their job but they worried about losing their job but they don't realize that they're already don't realize that they're already don't realize that they're already training AI. Uh this is actually news training AI. Uh this is actually news training AI. Uh this is actually news here in Korea. So I I want to say it's here in Korea. So I I want to say it's here in Korea. So I I want to say it's not just USA. It's it's all over. This not just USA. It's it's all over. This not just USA. It's it's all over. This was uh recently mobile book fuels bot was uh recently mobile book fuels bot was uh recently mobile book fuels bot boom as security gaps expose Korea to boom as security gaps expose Korea to boom as security gaps expose Korea to agent risks. Right. So this hype around agent risks. Right. So this hype around agent risks. Right. So this hype around these AI agent things. There's a lot of these AI agent things. There's a lot of these AI agent things. There's a lot of stuff that we need to work out still. stuff that we need to work out still. stuff that we need to work out still. We're probably going to need to regulate We're probably going to need to regulate We're probably going to need to regulate this stuff any number of ways. like like this stuff any number of ways. like like this stuff any number of ways. like like the the just in the short term I I think the the just in the short term I I think the the just in the short term I I think this means that they're gonna just have this means that they're gonna just have this means that they're gonna just have like massive amounts of spam in your like massive amounts of spam in your like massive amounts of spam in your mailbox. [laughter] mailbox. [laughter] mailbox. [laughter] That's that's the short term. In the the That's that's the short term. In the the That's that's the short term. In the the long term, I mean, it's any it's long term, I mean, it's any it's long term, I mean, it's any it's anyone's guess like how quickly this anyone's guess like how quickly this anyone's guess like how quickly this thing goes. Um, but I I'm I'm sure that thing goes. Um, but I I'm I'm sure that thing goes. Um, but I I'm I'm sure that more and more adoption of this is going more and more adoption of this is going more and more adoption of this is going to be out there now that OpenAI is fully to be out there now that OpenAI is fully to be out there now that OpenAI is fully embracing this OpenClaw and agent thing. embracing this OpenClaw and agent thing. embracing this OpenClaw and agent thing. And they've been talking about this And they've been talking about this And they've been talking about this agent stuff before. So basically again agent stuff before. So basically again agent stuff before. So basically again it's just a way to get it to automate a it's just a way to get it to automate a it's just a way to get it to automate a bunch of tasks for you and get it then bunch of tasks for you and get it then bunch of tasks for you and get it then get that ability out to more and more get that ability out to more and more get that ability out to more and more people. So uh I think that's what's people. So uh I think that's what's people. So uh I think that's what's going on right at the short term. Also going on right at the short term. Also going on right at the short term. Also too it's about money and spending your too it's about money and spending your too it's about money and spending your tokens at at these companies. Um that's tokens at at these companies. Um that's tokens at at these companies. Um that's my thoughts on this. I'd like to hear my thoughts on this. I'd like to hear my thoughts on this. I'd like to hear yours.
