You've already learned how Workspace You've already learned how Workspace You've already learned how Workspace with Gemini accelerates your projects with Gemini accelerates your projects with Gemini accelerates your projects from start to finish. Now, let's talk from start to finish. Now, let's talk from start to finish. Now, let's talk about AI agents. You may be wondering, about AI agents. You may be wondering, about AI agents. You may be wondering, "What are they? And what does agentic "What are they? And what does agentic "What are they? And what does agentic workplace mean?" workplace mean?" workplace mean?" &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Well, AI agents can understand, reason, &gt;&gt; Well, AI agents can understand, reason, &gt;&gt; Well, AI agents can understand, reason, and execute towards a goal that you set. and execute towards a goal that you set. and execute towards a goal that you set. And with Gemini Enterprise, you can make And with Gemini Enterprise, you can make And with Gemini Enterprise, you can make that a reality for your team's projects. that a reality for your team's projects. that a reality for your team's projects. In this video, we'll explore how you can In this video, we'll explore how you can In this video, we'll explore how you can connect your data across your business connect your data across your business connect your data across your business apps and build AI agents for your work. Gemini Enterprise is your front door to Gemini Enterprise is your front door to Gemini Enterprise is your front door to AI in the workplace. One place where you AI in the workplace. One place where you AI in the workplace. One place where you can access your AI tools securely can access your AI tools securely can access your AI tools securely connected with all of your business connected with all of your business connected with all of your business data. data. data. But, what does this mean in practice? But, what does this mean in practice? But, what does this mean in practice? I'm going to spend the next few minutes I'm going to spend the next few minutes I'm going to spend the next few minutes taking you on a tour of Gemini taking you on a tour of Gemini taking you on a tour of Gemini Enterprise and how it can help you and Enterprise and how it can help you and Enterprise and how it can help you and your team. From finding insights to your team. From finding insights to your team. From finding insights to automating tasks to building custom AI automating tasks to building custom AI automating tasks to building custom AI agents without [music] any coding. We'll agents without [music] any coding. We'll agents without [music] any coding. We'll explore six components that make this explore six components that make this explore six components that make this possible. For simplicity, we'll call possible. For simplicity, we'll call possible. For simplicity, we'll call these brains, context, task force, these brains, context, task force, these brains, context, task force, partners, workbench, and governance. partners, workbench, and governance. partners, workbench, and governance. First, brains. First, brains. First, brains. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; The large language model is the brain &gt;&gt; The large language model is the brain &gt;&gt; The large language model is the brain powering the AI system. Without a powering the AI system. Without a powering the AI system. Without a capable model at the core, AI will fall capable model at the core, AI will fall capable model at the core, AI will fall flat. You need a powerful brain that flat. You need a powerful brain that flat. You need a powerful brain that doesn't just summarize data, doesn't just summarize data, doesn't just summarize data, &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; but also finds opportunities and ways to &gt;&gt; but also finds opportunities and ways to &gt;&gt; but also finds opportunities and ways to act on them. act on them. act on them. Or a brain that doesn't just generate a Or a brain that doesn't just generate a Or a brain that doesn't just generate a video, but rather generates a video with video, but rather generates a video with video, but rather generates a video with realistic physics, interactions, and realistic physics, interactions, and realistic physics, interactions, and continuity. continuity. continuity. Gemini Enterprise gives you access to Gemini Enterprise gives you access to Gemini Enterprise gives you access to the latest and best models from Google the latest and best models from Google the latest and best models from Google today, like Gemini Pro and VEO, bringing today, like Gemini Pro and VEO, bringing today, like Gemini Pro and VEO, bringing the latest innovation from Google the latest innovation from Google the latest innovation from Google DeepMind to your workplace. DeepMind to your workplace. DeepMind to your workplace. Whatever the task, analyzing data, Whatever the task, analyzing data, Whatever the task, analyzing data, creating assets, or coordinating with creating assets, or coordinating with creating assets, or coordinating with teams, you have a top-notch brain, aka teams, you have a top-notch brain, aka teams, you have a top-notch brain, aka model, to help you. model, to help you. model, to help you. A brainy model is only as useful as the A brainy model is only as useful as the A brainy model is only as useful as the data and tasks it's applied to, which data and tasks it's applied to, which data and tasks it's applied to, which brings us to context. All AI models have brings us to context. All AI models have brings us to context. All AI models have basic knowledge from training, but that basic knowledge from training, but that basic knowledge from training, but that knowledge is frozen in the past. knowledge is frozen in the past. knowledge is frozen in the past. To get updated context, these models may To get updated context, these models may To get updated context, these models may be equipped to perform a web search or be equipped to perform a web search or be equipped to perform a web search or to use any data you manually attach. to use any data you manually attach. to use any data you manually attach. That's still useful, but the answers can That's still useful, but the answers can That's still useful, but the answers can be somewhat general, not tailored to you be somewhat general, not tailored to you be somewhat general, not tailored to you or your specific job roles and needs. or your specific job roles and needs. or your specific job roles and needs. Gemini Enterprise is different. [music] Gemini Enterprise is different. [music] Gemini Enterprise is different. [music] It's connected to business apps like It's connected to business apps like It's connected to business apps like Google Drive, Microsoft OneDrive, Box, Google Drive, Microsoft OneDrive, Box, Google Drive, Microsoft OneDrive, Box, ServiceNow, and many more. It knows your ServiceNow, and many more. It knows your ServiceNow, and many more. It knows your role and how it fits within your role and how it fits within your role and how it fits within your organization, what projects you work on, organization, what projects you work on, organization, what projects you work on, when you have deadlines, and which files when you have deadlines, and which files when you have deadlines, and which files you have access to. [music] you have access to. [music] you have access to. [music] Suppose you come into work on a Monday. Suppose you come into work on a Monday. Suppose you come into work on a Monday. Your inbox is overflowing, deadlines are Your inbox is overflowing, deadlines are Your inbox is overflowing, deadlines are looming, and [music] looming, and [music] looming, and [music] you weren't sure where to start. Rather you weren't sure where to start. Rather you weren't sure where to start. Rather than spending an hour battling analysis than spending an hour battling analysis than spending an hour battling analysis paralysis, you can simply ask Gemini paralysis, you can simply ask Gemini paralysis, you can simply ask Gemini Enterprise. Enterprise. Enterprise. Because it's connected to your emails, Because it's connected to your emails, Because it's connected to your emails, your meeting transcripts, your files, your meeting transcripts, your files, your meeting transcripts, your files, and much more, it needs only seconds to and much more, it needs only seconds to and much more, it needs only seconds to find your priorities, letting you put find your priorities, letting you put find your priorities, letting you put your time and focus where it will matter your time and focus where it will matter your time and focus where it will matter most. most. most. Brains and context set the foundation Brains and context set the foundation Brains and context set the foundation for your task force, a library of AI for your task force, a library of AI for your task force, a library of AI agents, each dedicated to a single task agents, each dedicated to a single task agents, each dedicated to a single task to help you work. to help you work. to help you work. Your task force in Gemini Enterprise Your task force in Gemini Enterprise Your task force in Gemini Enterprise comprises three categories of agents. comprises three categories of agents. comprises three categories of agents. First, in the [music] top row, these are First, in the [music] top row, these are First, in the [music] top row, these are out-of-box agents from Google. For out-of-box agents from Google. For out-of-box agents from Google. For example, the deep research agents lets example, the deep research agents lets example, the deep research agents lets you synthesize proprietary reports, you synthesize proprietary reports, you synthesize proprietary reports, custom surveys, and other business data, custom surveys, and other business data, custom surveys, and other business data, creating in-depth reports that aren't creating in-depth reports that aren't creating in-depth reports that aren't just on the general topic you need, but just on the general topic you need, but just on the general topic you need, but are on the exact topic you're working are on the exact topic you're working are on the exact topic you're working on. on. on. The second row includes agents created The second row includes agents created The second row includes agents created within the organization or via its within the organization or via its within the organization or via its partner ecosystem. You can think of partner ecosystem. You can think of partner ecosystem. You can think of these top two rows in the agent gallery these top two rows in the agent gallery these top two rows in the agent gallery as top-down innovation, innovation led as top-down innovation, innovation led as top-down innovation, innovation led by the platform provider or by your by the platform provider or by your by the platform provider or by your organization. organization. organization. The bottom row is bottom-up innovation. The bottom row is bottom-up innovation. The bottom row is bottom-up innovation. These are solutions built by the These are solutions built by the These are solutions built by the individual employee for their individual individual employee for their individual individual employee for their individual needs. needs. needs. Traditionally, if an individual employee Traditionally, if an individual employee Traditionally, if an individual employee faced a challenge, they couldn't go to faced a challenge, they couldn't go to faced a challenge, they couldn't go to IT and ask for an app. Internal IT and ask for an app. Internal IT and ask for an app. Internal engineers never have the resources or engineers never have the resources or engineers never have the resources or time to accommodate these kinds of time to accommodate these kinds of time to accommodate these kinds of requests. requests. requests. As a result, the employee has typically As a result, the employee has typically As a result, the employee has typically been left without a solution or tempted been left without a solution or tempted been left without a solution or tempted to look at outside products, which just to look at outside products, which just to look at outside products, which just encourages software sprawl and shadow encourages software sprawl and shadow encourages software sprawl and shadow IT. IT. IT. That's where Gemini Enterprise's That's where Gemini Enterprise's That's where Gemini Enterprise's workbench comes in. workbench comes in. workbench comes in. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; It's a straightforward tool for building &gt;&gt; It's a straightforward tool for building &gt;&gt; It's a straightforward tool for building powerful agents and multi-agent powerful agents and multi-agent powerful agents and multi-agent workflows, all without writing any code. workflows, all without writing any code. workflows, all without writing any code. For example, suppose you're a retailer For example, suppose you're a retailer For example, suppose you're a retailer with a few stores, a handful of with a few stores, a handful of with a few stores, a handful of full-time employees, and lots of full-time employees, and lots of full-time employees, and lots of part-time employees, especially during part-time employees, especially during part-time employees, especially during busy seasonal periods. If you're in this busy seasonal periods. If you're in this busy seasonal periods. If you're in this situation, you may not have staffing and situation, you may not have staffing and situation, you may not have staffing and scheduling software. More likely, you scheduling software. More likely, you scheduling software. More likely, you have a spreadsheet. have a spreadsheet. have a spreadsheet. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; No one wants to spend their time parsing &gt;&gt; No one wants to spend their time parsing &gt;&gt; No one wants to spend their time parsing data like this. That time is almost data like this. That time is almost data like this. That time is almost surely better spent on something else. surely better spent on something else. surely better spent on something else. That makes this a great candidate for That makes this a great candidate for That makes this a great candidate for automation with an agent. automation with an agent. automation with an agent. All we have to type is staff the store, All we have to type is staff the store, All we have to type is staff the store, and in less time than it takes to run and in less time than it takes to run and in less time than it takes to run for coffee, we have our staffing table. for coffee, we have our staffing table. for coffee, we have our staffing table. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Notice that the agent knew things I &gt;&gt; Notice that the agent knew things I &gt;&gt; Notice that the agent knew things I didn't have to include in the prompt, didn't have to include in the prompt, didn't have to include in the prompt, like that we needed two people scheduled like that we needed two people scheduled like that we needed two people scheduled per shift, and we need potential backups per shift, and we need potential backups per shift, and we need potential backups for each shift in case someone gets for each shift in case someone gets for each shift in case someone gets sick. That's because the agent is sick. That's because the agent is sick. That's because the agent is connected to my whole ecosystem of data. connected to my whole ecosystem of data. connected to my whole ecosystem of data. It knows the employee availability. It It knows the employee availability. It It knows the employee availability. It also knows our HR rules. It knows when also knows our HR rules. It knows when also knows our HR rules. It knows when overtime kicks in, when things need to overtime kicks in, when things need to overtime kicks in, when things need to be manually approved, and when things be manually approved, and when things be manually approved, and when things can be simply scheduled. All of this can be simply scheduled. All of this can be simply scheduled. All of this context and all of this intelligence is context and all of this intelligence is context and all of this intelligence is what allows it to create this table so what allows it to create this table so what allows it to create this table so quickly. It even knows to include a quickly. It even knows to include a quickly. It even knows to include a report detailing any items that need report detailing any items that need report detailing any items that need manual attention. If your job was to manual attention. If your job was to manual attention. If your job was to deal with this spreadsheet, this is deal with this spreadsheet, this is deal with this spreadsheet, this is obviously an awesome improvement to your obviously an awesome improvement to your obviously an awesome improvement to your day. But what's equally awesome is how day. But what's equally awesome is how day. But what's equally awesome is how easy this agent is to build. I can get a easy this agent is to build. I can get a easy this agent is to build. I can get a working prototype within seconds just by working prototype within seconds just by working prototype within seconds just by describing in plain language what I am describing in plain language what I am describing in plain language what I am trying to achieve. This gives Gemini trying to achieve. This gives Gemini trying to achieve. This gives Gemini Enterprise everything it needs to infer Enterprise everything it needs to infer Enterprise everything it needs to infer the agent's persona and goals, divide the agent's persona and goals, divide the agent's persona and goals, divide its goals into subtasks, and create its goals into subtasks, and create its goals into subtasks, and create instructions. If the prototype needs instructions. If the prototype needs instructions. If the prototype needs iteration, adjustments are easy, too. iteration, adjustments are easy, too. iteration, adjustments are easy, too. For example, I might want the agent to For example, I might want the agent to For example, I might want the agent to compare its candidate schedule against compare its candidate schedule against compare its candidate schedule against the last few staffing periods to ensure the last few staffing periods to ensure the last few staffing periods to ensure we're evenly distributing shifts over we're evenly distributing shifts over we're evenly distributing shifts over time. Or if several possible staffing time. Or if several possible staffing time. Or if several possible staffing configurations are possible, I might configurations are possible, I might configurations are possible, I might want the agent to create a comparison want the agent to create a comparison want the agent to create a comparison view for me to show different options. view for me to show different options. view for me to show different options. Either way, these kinds of adjustments Either way, these kinds of adjustments Either way, these kinds of adjustments take just a few lines of instruction, take just a few lines of instruction, take just a few lines of instruction, all in natural language with no coding. all in natural language with no coding. all in natural language with no coding. All of this means that from the point of All of this means that from the point of All of this means that from the point of view of the employee, Gemini Enterprise view of the employee, Gemini Enterprise view of the employee, Gemini Enterprise is one destination for seeking AI is one destination for seeking AI is one destination for seeking AI assistance grounded deeply in business assistance grounded deeply in business assistance grounded deeply in business data to automate all types of workflows. data to automate all types of workflows. data to automate all types of workflows. Likewise, from the point of view of the Likewise, from the point of view of the Likewise, from the point of view of the organization, it's a single space to organization, it's a single space to organization, it's a single space to scale, govern, and secure AI adoption scale, govern, and secure AI adoption scale, govern, and secure AI adoption across the workplace. That brings us to across the workplace. That brings us to across the workplace. That brings us to our last component. Gemini Enterprise is our last component. Gemini Enterprise is our last component. Gemini Enterprise is not just the front door to AI, it's a not just the front door to AI, it's a not just the front door to AI, it's a door with locks and keys [music] to door with locks and keys [music] to door with locks and keys [music] to ensure that as AI adoption increases and ensure that as AI adoption increases and ensure that as AI adoption increases and use cases become more powerful, data use cases become more powerful, data use cases become more powerful, data remains safe and protected. Built on top remains safe and protected. Built on top remains safe and protected. Built on top of Google's secure-by-default platform, of Google's secure-by-default platform, of Google's secure-by-default platform, Gemini Enterprise has layers of Gemini Enterprise has layers of Gemini Enterprise has layers of protection to help you secure your protection to help you secure your protection to help you secure your business data and also help you better business data and also help you better business data and also help you better govern all the AI agents across your govern all the AI agents across your govern all the AI agents across your organization. And that completes our organization. And that completes our organization. And that completes our tour. This is just a quick overview of tour. This is just a quick overview of tour. This is just a quick overview of the ways Gemini Enterprise can help your the ways Gemini Enterprise can help your the ways Gemini Enterprise can help your business. So, if you're ready to learn business. So, if you're ready to learn business. So, if you're ready to learn more, head to the Gemini Enterprise more, head to the Gemini Enterprise more, head to the Gemini Enterprise website and register to try it for free. website and register to try it for free. website and register to try it for free. And that's a tour of Gemini Enterprise. And that's a tour of Gemini Enterprise. And that's a tour of Gemini Enterprise. Let's recap the key takeaways. First, Let's recap the key takeaways. First, Let's recap the key takeaways. First, Gemini Enterprise connects to you and Gemini Enterprise connects to you and Gemini Enterprise connects to you and your company's unique data sources, from your company's unique data sources, from your company's unique data sources, from your inbox to internal files and your inbox to internal files and your inbox to internal files and external apps, to provide truly external apps, to provide truly external apps, to provide truly personalized AI assistance at work. personalized AI assistance at work. personalized AI assistance at work. Next, you can build your own custom Next, you can build your own custom Next, you can build your own custom agents with the no-code workbench, agents with the no-code workbench, agents with the no-code workbench, empowering anyone to automate their empowering anyone to automate their empowering anyone to automate their work. Best of all, it lets you centrally work. Best of all, it lets you centrally work. Best of all, it lets you centrally manage agents across your organization, manage agents across your organization, manage agents across your organization, including your custom agents, including your custom agents, including your custom agents, out-of-the-box agents from Google, as out-of-the-box agents from Google, as out-of-the-box agents from Google, as well as those from partners. Now, you well as those from partners. Now, you well as those from partners. Now, you can move from personal productivity to can move from personal productivity to can move from personal productivity to organization-wide transformation.
